Tonnison and Berreggnog make a fishing holiday to the remote village of Kraighten in rural Ireland.
Tonnison and Berreggnog stumble upon the ruins of a strangely shaped house on a large lake on the third day of their stay.
Tonnison and Berreggnog discover the mouldering journal of the Recluse.
The Recluse is an unidentified man.
The Recluse recorded his last days in the house before its destruction.
The Recluse begins his journal with descriptions of how he acquired the house.
The Recluse begins his journal with descriptions of his daily life with his sister.
The Recluse begins his journal with descriptions of his faithful dog, Pepper.
The Recluse started the diary to record the strange experiences occurring in and around the house.
The Recluse started the diary to record the horrors occurring in and around the house.
The Recluse relates a vision in which he travels to a remote and vast arena called "the Plain of Silence".
The Plain of Silence is surrounded by mountains.
The mountains have representations of mythological beast-gods, demons, and other "bestial horrors" on their slopes.
In the center of the Plain of Silence stands a house almost identical to the Recluse's own house.
The house in the arena is much larger than the Recluse's own house.
The house in the arena appears to be made of a green jade-like substance.
The Recluse sees a huge, menacing humanoid with swine-like features during his vision.
The Recluse is attacked by humanoid pig-like creatures that he names "the swine-things".
The swine-things appear to come from the depths of a great chasm under the house.
The struggle with the swine-things lasts for several nights of increasing ferocity.
The Recluse kills several of the swine-things.
The Recluse drives the swine-things off.
The Recluse searches for the origin of the swine-things.
The Recluse finds a pit beyond the gardens where a river descends into the earth.
The Recluse finds a tunnel leading to the great chasm.
A rock slide dams the water in the pit.
The Recluse is trapped in the pit.
Pepper rescues the Recluse.
The house transports the Recluse to an unknown place called "the Sea of Sleep".
The Recluse briefly reunites with his lost love in "the Sea of Sleep".
Tonnison and Berreggnog must stop reading the journal because the house collapse has destroyed much of the journal.
The journal becomes unreadable between the passage describing "the Sea of Sleep" and a later entry titled "The noise in the night".
Tonnison and Berreggnog realize that the water from the dammed pit has overflowed to create the lake.
Tonnison and Berreggnog suppose that the destroyed section of the journal may have explained other mysteries about the house.
The Recluse notices that the passage of day and night has increased in speed.
The passage of day and night eventually blurs into a never-ending twilight.
The Recluse watches his surroundings decay and collapse to dust.
The dead world slowly grinds to a halt.
The sun goes out after several million millennia.
Once the world ends, the Recluse floats through space.
The Recluse sees angelic, human, and demonic forms passing before his eyes.
The Recluse finds himself back in his own study on Earth.
Everything apparently returns to normality in the Recluse's study.
One exception in the Recluse's study is that Pepper is dead.
The malicious swine-beast from the Recluse's earlier journeys to the "arena" has followed the Recluse back to his own dimension.
The creature infects the Recluse's new dog with a luminous fungal disease.
The Recluse shoots the suffering animal.
The Recluse contracts the luminous fungal disease.
The manuscript ends with the Recluse locked in his study as the creature comes through a trap door in the basement.
The creature comes from the chasm under the house.
The Recluse ponders suicide to end his suffering.
The creature tries to open the study door.
The diary continues after the creature tries to open the study door.
Tonnison and Berreggnog search for information about the Recluse and his circumstances.
Tonnison and Berreggnog learn that the house was long believed to be evil.
The unsociable old man and his elderly sister acquired the house.
Monthly supplies were brought in by a man who would say nothing about the Recluse.
After several years, the man returned early one day from his delivery trip.
The man said that the house had mysteriously fallen into the chasm.
Tonnison and Berreggnog leave Kraighten.
Tonnison and Berreggnog never return to Kraighten.
The novel ends with a five-verse poem titled "Grief".
The poem titled "Grief" is found behind the fly-leaf of the diary.