Benjamin Bathurst is a British diplomat.
Benjamin Bathurst disappears whilst staying at an inn in Prussia.
Piper describes Benjamin Bathurst as "a rather stout gentleman, of past middle age."
Benjamin Bathurst was born in 1784.
Benjamin Bathurst was 25 years old at the time of his disappearance.
The story posits that Benjamin Bathurst slipped into a parallel universe.
The event of Benjamin Bathurst's disappearance was referenced in the Paratime story "Police Operation."
The Paratime story "Police Operation" was also written by Piper.
The point of divergence from our history is the Battle of Quebec on December 31, 1775.
Benedict Arnold was killed at the Battle of Quebec on December 31, 1775.
Benedict Arnold was not merely wounded at the Battle of Quebec on December 31, 1775.
British General John Burgoyne achieved victory over American counterpart Horatio Gates at the Battles of Saratoga on September 19 and October 7, 1777.
The American Revolution was a failure.
The French Revolution was a failure.
There were no Napoleonic Wars.
The alternate Benjamin Bathurst served as the lieutenant governor of the Crown Colony of Georgia.
Napoleon Bonaparte is a colonel in the French Army.
Napoleon Bonaparte is considered a brilliant tactician.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord has remained in ecclesiastical orders.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord has risen to become a Catholic Cardinal.
Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord is Louis XVI's Chief Minister.
George Washington was killed in battle at Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
George Washington was killed during the short-lived rebellion of the colonies in British North America.
Thomas Jefferson is the author of the American rebels' Declaration of Philadelphia.
Thomas Jefferson fled to Havana.
Thomas Jefferson eventually died in the Principality of Liechtenstein several years prior to 1809.
James Madison is in exile in Switzerland.
The Bathurst from our timeline is judged to be either insane or a spy.
The Bathurst from our timeline is imprisoned.
The Bathurst from our timeline did not attempt to escape.
The Bathurst from our timeline was fatally shot while peacefully sitting in his cell.
There was a theory that the Bathurst from our timeline was his counterpart's half-brother.
There is no evidence to support the theory that the Bathurst from our timeline was his counterpart's half-brother.
A high-ranking British officer reads Benjamin Bathurst's diplomatic documents.
The high-ranking British officer is amused by Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord's role as Napoleon Bonaparte's advisor and éminence grise.
The high-ranking British officer finds Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord's role plausible.
The high-ranking British officer is puzzled by references to a British general named "Wellington."
The British officer is revealed to be Sir Arthur Wellesley in the final line of the story.
Sir Arthur Wellesley is known in our reality as the Duke of Wellington.
Sir Arthur Wellesley attained the title of Duke of Wellington by way of his victories in the Napoleonic Wars.
The Napoleonic Wars never took place in the universe where Benjamin Bathurst disappeared.