Sleepy Hollow is a secluded glen.
Sleepy Hollow is known by the name of Sleepy Hollow.
Sleepy Hollow has a drowsy, dreamy influence.
Sleepy Hollow has a peculiar character of its inhabitants.
The inhabitants of Sleepy Hollow are descendants from the original Dutch settlers.
The story is set in 1790.
The story takes place in the countryside around the Dutch settlement of Tarry Town.
Tarry Town is historically known as Tarrytown, New York.
Sleepy Hollow is renowned for its ghosts.
Sleepy Hollow has a haunting atmosphere.
The haunting atmosphere pervades the imaginations of the inhabitants of Sleepy Hollow.
Some residents say that Sleepy Hollow was bewitched during the early days of the Dutch settlement.
Other residents say that an old Native American chief held his powwows in Sleepy Hollow.
The old Native American chief was the wizard of his tribe.
The country was discovered by Master Hendrick Hudson.
The most infamous spectre in Sleepy Hollow is the Headless Horseman.
The Headless Horseman is said to be the ghost of a Hessian trooper.
The Hessian trooper had his head shot off by a stray cannonball.
The stray cannonball was fired during "some nameless battle" of the American Revolutionary War.
The Headless Horseman rides forth to the scene of battle in nightly quest of his head.
The "Legend" relates the tale of Ichabod Crane.
Ichabod Crane is a lean, lanky, and extremely superstitious schoolmaster.
Ichabod Crane is from Connecticut.
Ichabod Crane competes with Abraham "Brom Bones" Van Brunt for the hand of Katrina Van Tassel.
Katrina Van Tassel is 18 years old.
Katrina Van Tassel is the daughter and sole child of Baltus Van Tassel.
Baltus Van Tassel is a wealthy farmer.
Ichabod Crane sees marriage to Katrina as a means of procuring Baltus Van Tassel's extravagant wealth.
Brom Bones is the local hero.
Brom Bones vies with Ichabod Crane for Katrina's hand.
Brom Bones plays a series of pranks on Ichabod Crane.
The fate of Sleepy Hollow's fortune weighs in the balance for some time.
The tension between Ichabod Crane, Brom Bones, and Katrina Van Tassel is soon brought to a head.
Ichabod Crane attends a harvest party at the Van Tassels' homestead.
Ichabod Crane dances at the harvest party.
Ichabod Crane partakes in the feast at the harvest party.
Ichabod Crane listens to ghostly legends told by Brom Bones and the locals at the harvest party.
Ichabod Crane's true aim is to propose to Katrina Van Tassel after the guests leave.
Ichabod Crane's intentions are ill-fated.
Ichabod Crane rides home heavy-hearted and crestfallen.
Ichabod Crane rides through the woods between Baltus Van Tassel's farmstead and the Sleepy Hollow settlement.
Ichabod Crane passes several purportedly haunted spots.
Ichabod Crane's imagination is engorged by the ghost stories told at Baltus Van Tassel's harvest party.
Ichabod Crane nervously passes under a lightning-stricken tulip tree.
The lightning-stricken tulip tree is purportedly haunted by the ghost of British spy Major André.
Ichabod Crane encounters a cloaked rider at an intersection in a menacing swamp.
Ichabod Crane is unsettled by the cloaked rider's eerie size and silence.
Ichabod Crane discovers that the cloaked rider's head is not on his shoulders.
The cloaked rider's head is on his saddle.
Ichabod Crane races to the bridge adjacent to the Old Dutch Burying Ground.
The Hessian is said to vanish in a flash of fire and brimstone upon crossing the bridge.
Ichabod Crane rides for his life.
Ichabod Crane desperately goads his temperamental plow horse down the Hollow.
The ghoul clambers over the bridge.
The ghoul rears his horse.
The ghoul hurls his severed head into Ichabod Crane's terrified face.
Ichabod Crane mysteriously disappears from town the next morning.
Katrina Van Tassel marries Brom Bones.
Brom Bones was said to look exceedingly knowing whenever the story of Ichabod Crane was related.
The only relics of Ichabod Crane's flight are his wandering horse, trampled saddle, discarded hat, and a mysterious shattered pumpkin.
Ichabod Crane rides leisurely.
The nature of the Headless Horseman is left open to interpretation.
The story implies that the ghost was really Brom Bones in disguise.
Irving's narrator states that the old Dutch wives continue to promote the belief that Ichabod Crane was spirited away by supernatural means.
A legend develops around Ichabod Crane's disappearance.
A legend develops around sightings of Ichabod Crane's melancholy spirit.