Joseph Conrad's novella "Youth" begins with a narrator describing five men drinking claret around a mahogany table.
The five men are all veterans of the merchant navy.
The main character of "Youth" is Marlow.
Marlow tells the story of his first voyage to the East as second mate on board the Judea.
The story is set twenty-two years earlier.
Marlow was 20 years old during the time of the story.
Marlow has two years of experience in the merchant navy.
Marlow most recently served as third mate aboard a crack clipper.
Marlow receives a billet as second mate on the barque Judea.
The skipper of the Judea is Captain John Beard.
Captain John Beard is a man of about 60 years old.
This is Captain John Beard's first command.
The Judea is an old boat.
The Judea belongs to a man named Wilmer, Wilcox, or something similar.
The Judea is suffering from age and disuse in Shadewell basin.
The Judea is a 400-ton ship.
The Judea is commissioned to take 600 tons of coal from England to Thailand.
The trip from England to Thailand should take approximately 150 days.
The Judea leaves London loaded with sand ballast.
The Judea heads north to the Senn river to pick up the cargo of coal.
On her way, the Judea suffers from her ballast shifting aside.
The crew of the Judea goes below to put things right again.
The trip to the Senn river takes 16 days because of inclement weather.
The battered ship must use a tug boat to get into port.
The Judea waits a month on the Tyne to be loaded with coal.
The night before the Judea ships out, she is hit by a steamer.
The steamer that hits the Judea is named the Miranda or the Melissa.
The damage from the collision takes another three weeks to repair.
Three months after leaving London, the Judea ships off for Bangkok.
The Judea travels through the North Sea and Britain.
300 miles west of the Lizard, a winter storm hits the Judea.
The winter storm is referred to as 'the famous winter gale of twenty-two years ago'.
The storm "guts" the Judea.
The Judea is stripped of her stanchions, ventilators, bulwarks, cabin-door, and deck house during the storm.
The oakum is stripped from the bottom seams of the Judea.
The men are forced to work at the pumps "watch and watch" to keep the Judea afloat.
After weathering the storm, the crew must fight their way against the wind back to Falmouth to be refitted.
Despite three attempts to leave, the Judea ultimately remains in Falmouth for more than six months.
The Judea is finally overhauled, recaulked, and refitted with a new copper hull.
During the laborious overhaul, the cargo is wetted, knocked about, and reloaded multiple times.
The rats abandon the reshipped barque.
A new crew is brought in from Liverpool because no sailor will sail on a ship abandoned by rats.
The Judea ships out to Bangkok.
The Judea runs at times 8 knots.
The Judea mostly averages 3 miles per hour.
Near the coast of Western Australia, the cargo of the Judea spontaneously combusts.
The crew of the Judea attempts to smother the fire.
The hull of the Judea cannot be made airtight.
The crew attempts to flood the fire with water.
The crew cannot fill the hull with water.
One hundred and ninety miles out from Java Head, the gases in the hull explode.
The explosion blows up the deck of the Judea.
Marlow is hurled into the air and falls on the burning debris of the deck.
The Judea hails a passing steamer named the Sommerville.
The Sommerville agrees to tow the wounded ship to Anjer or Batavia.
Captain John Beard intends to scuttle the Judea at Anjer or Batavia to put out the fire.
Captain John Beard intends to resurface the Judea and resume the voyage to Bangkok.
The speed of the Sommerville fans the smoldering fire into flames.
The crew of the Judea is forced to send the Sommerville on without them.
The crew attempts to save possibly most of the ship's gear for the underwriters.
The gear is loaded into three small boats.
The three small boats head due north towards Java.
Before the crew leaves the Judea, they enjoy a last meal on deck.
Marlow becomes skipper of the smallest of the ship's three boats.
All three boats make it safely into a Java port.
The crew books passage on the steamer Celestial.
The steamer Celestial is on her return trip to England.
The story of "Youth" is loosely based upon reality.
One of Joseph Conrad's pen-pals discovered the secret of the port at which the boats called.
The port at which the boats called is named Muntok.
Joseph Conrad was pleased with his pen-pal, calling Muntok 'a beastly hole'.
The boats of the real ship reached safety only after several hours.
Marlow was a bit younger than Joseph Conrad.