The novel presents a discussion of the philosophy of love and sex.
The discussion is written in the form of a series of letters.
The letters are between two men.
The two men are Herbert Wace and Dane Kempton.
Herbert Wace is a young scientist.
Dane Kempton is an elderly poet.
Jack London wrote Herbert Wace's letters.
Anna Strunsky wrote Dane Kempton's letters.
In the late 19th century, Jack London and Anna Strunsky were part of a San Francisco radical literary group.
The San Francisco radical literary group is known as "The Crowd."
Dane Kempton makes the case for feeling and emotion.
Herbert Wace proceeds scientifically.
Herbert Wace analyzes love in Darwinian terms.
Herbert Wace purposes to order his affairs in a rational manner.
Herbert Wace marries Hester Stebbins.
Herbert Wace is not impelled by the archaic sex madness of the beast.
Herbert Wace is not impelled by the obsolescent romance madness of later-day man.
Herbert Wace contracts a tie based upon health and sanity and compatibility.
Herbert Wace's intellect shall delight in that tie.
Initially, the public was piqued by the anonymity of the writers.
The book was moderately successful.
Russ Kingman praised the book.
Russ Kingman quoted the Buffalo Commercial.
The Buffalo Commercial admired the sheer charm of the prose.
The Buffalo Commercial said the book holds firmly its place in the front rank of the best of the season's publications.
The public was indifferent to the anonymity of the writers.
The New York Times was less charitable.
The New York Times opened its review with the line, "The sex problem again."
The New York Times complained that nothing that the scientist says is new.
The New York Times complained that nothing that the poet says is new.
The New York Times stated that the topic has been thrashed out some millions of times.
The New York Times stated that the unnamed author does not infuse into either Wace or Kempton anything to give human personality or appeal.
The New York Times stated that as a story, it falls flat.
The New York Times stated that as a discussion of a topic as old as interesting, it is overworked.
Joseph Noel says that George Sterling described Jack London's portion of the book as a spiritual misprint.
Joseph Noel says that George Sterling described Jack London's portion of the book as a typographical error half a volume long.
Joseph Noel says that Jack London's vocabulary in the letters of Herbert Wace sounds as if taken that day from an encyclopedia by a conscientious sophomore.
Biographers have been intrigued by The Kempton-Wace Letters.
Biographers believe The Kempton-Wace Letters shed light on Jack London's life and ideas.
Anna Strunsky was named as the co-respondent in Jack London's divorce from his first wife, Bessie.
Biographers generally agree that Jack London's relation with Anna Strunsky was platonic.
Jack London and Anna Strunsky were active in socialism.
Jack London and Anna Strunsky were active in the literary group known as "The Crowd."
In the novel, Jack London expresses his theories about the "Mother-Woman" and the "Mate-Woman."
The roles of the "Mother-Woman" and the "Mate-Woman" seem to correspond to the roles played by Jack London's first wife and his second wife.
After Jack London's death in 1916, Anna Strunsky published a memoir in The Masses in 1917.
The memoir published by Anna Strunsky is about her relationship with Jack London.