Mayre Griffiths is nicknamed Trot.
Mayre Griffiths is sometimes nicknamed Tiny Trot.
Mayre Griffiths is a little girl.
Mayre Griffiths lives on the coast of southern California.
Mayre Griffiths' father is the captain of a sailing schooner.
Cap'n Bill Weedles is Mayre Griffiths' constant companion.
Cap'n Bill Weedles is a retired sailor.
Cap'n Bill Weedles has a wooden leg.
Cap'n Bill Weedles had been Mayre Griffiths' father's skipper.
Charlie Griffiths had been Cap'n Bill Weedles' mate.
An accident took Cap'n Bill Weedles' leg.
Trot and Cap'n Bill spend many of their days roaming the beaches near home.
Trot and Cap'n Bill spend many of their days rowing along the coast.
Trot and Cap'n Bill spend many of their days sailing along the coast.
One day, Trot wishes that Trot could see a mermaid.
Trot's wish is overheard.
Trot's wish is granted the next day.
Cap'n Bill Weedles rarely spends time with Trot.
The mermaids explain to Trot that they are benevolent fairies.
The mermaids explain to Cap'n Bill that they are benevolent fairies.
The mermaids offer Trot a chance to pay a visit to their land in mermaid form.
Trot is enthusiastic about the mermaids' offer.
Cap'n Bill Weedles is too loyal to let Trot go off without him.
Trot and Cap'n Bill begin their sojourn among the sea fairies.
Trot and Cap'n Bill see amazing sights in the land of Queen Aquarine.
Trot and Cap'n Bill see amazing sights in the land of King Anko.
Trot and Cap'n Bill see an octopus who is mortified to learn that he is the symbol of the Standard Oil Company.
Trot and Cap'n Bill encounter a villain called Zog the Magician.
Zog the Magician is a monstrous hybrid of man, animal, and fish.
Zog and his sea devils capture Trot and Cap'n Bill.
Zog and his sea devils hold Trot and Cap'n Bill prisoner.
Many sailors thought to have been drowned have actually been captured and enslaved by Zog.
Trot and Cap'n Bill survive Zog's challenges.
The villain Zog is eventually defeated by the forces of good.
Trot and Cap'n Bill are returned to human form.
Trot and Cap'n Bill are safe after their undersea adventure.
Trot and Cap'n Bill are dry after their undersea adventure.
Many readers have observed that Baum's Oz is dominated by puissant and virtuous female figures.
Many critics have observed that Baum's Oz is dominated by puissant and virtuous female figures.
The archetype of the father-figure plays little role in Baum's fantasy world.
The Sea Fairies is a lonely exception to the overall trend in Baum's fantasy world.
King Anko is the closest approximation to a powerful, benevolent father figure in Baum's fantasies.