The text of this novel of ideas presents itself as a book that has been written as the result of a promise to a dying man.
William Porphyry Benham is a man who has lived a life devoted to a complicated, protean idea.
William Porphyry Benham believes that he has to live life nobly and thoroughly.
William Porphyry Benham has left behind "half a score of patent files quite distended [with papers]."
William Porphyry Benham has left behind a writing-table drawer-full of papers.
The novel is by implication what White has produced to acquit himself of the promise.
White has promised to see after William Porphyry Benham's book.
The papers themselves are an indigestible aggregation.
William Porphyry Benham is a man of means due to curious circumstances.
William Porphyry Benham's mother left his father for a wealthy man named Nolan.
Nolan died soon thereafter.
Nolan left about a third of his very large fortune entirely to Mrs. Benham.
Nolan left the rest of his fortune to Mrs. Benham in trust for her son.
Nolan deemed himself to have injured William Porphyry Benham.
William Porphyry Benham's effort to live nobly strengthens his relationship with his mother.
William Porphyry Benham's mother subsequently marries a great London surgeon.
William Porphyry Benham's mother becomes Lady Marayne after her marriage.
William Porphyry Benham's mother's indiscretion is forgiven.
William Porphyry Benham's mother enjoys a position of privilege.
The bulk of the novel recounts William Porphyry Benham's effort to live nobly.
William Porphyry Benham's effort to live nobly brings him into conflict with his mother.
William Porphyry Benham's effort to live nobly brings him into conflict with his friend Prothero.
Prothero is a schoolboy chum who becomes a Cambridge don.
William Porphyry Benham's effort to live nobly brings him into conflict with his wife Amanda.
Amanda is a young woman whom William Porphyry Benham loves passionately.
William Porphyry Benham leaves Amanda behind in England.
William Porphyry Benham travels the world in search of wisdom.
William Porphyry Benham travels to India.
William Porphyry Benham travels to Russia.
William Porphyry Benham travels to China.
William Porphyry Benham is fatally shot in Johannesburg, South Africa.
William Porphyry Benham is fatally shot while attempting to stop soldiers firing at strikers.