Captain Plume's Sergeant Kite recruits in the town of Shrewsbury.
Captain Plume arrives in Shrewsbury.
Captain Plume is in love with Sylvia.
Worthy is a local gentleman.
Worthy is in love with Sylvia's cousin Melinda.
Worthy asked Melinda to become his mistress a year previously.
Worthy believed Melinda to be of inadequate fortune to marry.
Worthy changes his mind after Melinda comes into an inheritance of £20,000.
Melinda accepts an invitation from Captain Brazen.
Melinda accepts the invitation to annoy Worthy.
Melinda was offended by Worthy's previous offer.
Melinda's maid Lucy meets Captain Brazen.
Lucy pretends to be Melinda.
Lucy hopes to marry Captain Brazen.
Melinda and Sylvia argue.
Melinda claims that the money she has inherited makes her more desirable.
Sylvia celebrates her brother Owen's death.
Sylvia is infuriated by Melinda's newly haughty behaviour.
Sylvia leaves her father's house to mourn her brother Owen's death.
Sylvia tells her father Balance that she is going to the Welsh countryside.
Sylvia goes into Shrewsbury dressed as a man.
Sylvia uses the name 'Jack Wilful'.
Captain Brazen and Captain Plume compete to recruit 'Wilful'.
Captain Brazen and Captain Plume are unaware of 'Wilful's' real identity.
Sergeant Kite abducts 'Wilful' for Captain Plume.
Captain Plume duels with Captain Brazen.
Sylvia, still disguised as 'Wilful', spends the night in bed with Rose.
Rose is a local wench.
Captain Plume previously courted Rose.
Captain Plume courted Rose to get Rose's brother Bullock to join up.
An action is brought against 'Wilful' for sexually assaulting Rose.
'Wilful' finds 'himself' on trial before Sylvia's father Balance.
Balance is one of the magistrates.
Balance has two fellow magistrates named Scruple and Scale.
The three magistrates look into Sergeant Kite's dubious recruiting practices.
The three magistrates acquit Sergeant Kite.
The three magistrates force 'Wilful' to swear to the Articles of War.
Melinda continues to discourage Worthy.
Melinda goes to a fortune teller.
The fortune teller is actually Sergeant Kite in disguise.
The fortune teller convinces Melinda to relent and accept Worthy's courtship.
The fortune teller gives Melinda a sample of her handwriting.
The fortune teller takes the handwriting sample from a 'devil' he has conjured up under the table.
The 'devil' is actually Captain Plume.
Sergeant Kite is visited by Captain Brazen.
Captain Brazen gives Sergeant Kite a love letter.
Captain Brazen thinks the love letter is from Melinda.
Worthy compares the handwriting sample.
Worthy discovers that the love letter is from Melinda's maid Lucy.
Lucy hopes to ensnare Captain Brazen as a husband.
Worthy goes to visit Melinda.
Worthy goes to tell Captain Plume the good news.
Worthy finds out that Melinda seems to be eloping with Captain Brazen.
Worthy intercepts Captain Brazen.
Worthy intercepts a disguised woman he takes to be Melinda.
Worthy challenges Captain Brazen to a duel.
The duel is prevented when the woman drops her disguise.
The woman reveals herself to be Lucy.
Sylvia drops her disguise.
Captain Plume agrees to leave the army.
Captain Plume agrees to marry Sylvia.
Melinda relents towards Worthy.
Melinda agrees to marry Worthy.
Captain Plume transfers his twenty recruits to Captain Brazen.
Captain Plume transfers the recruits to compensate Captain Brazen for the loss of a rich marriage with Melinda.