The novel presents a discussion of the philosophy of love and sex.
The discussion is written in the form of a series of letters.
The letters are exchanged between Herbert Wace and Dane Kempton.
Herbert Wace is a young scientist.
Dane Kempton is an elderly poet.
Jack London wrote the letters of Herbert Wace.
Anna Strunsky wrote the letters of Dane Kempton.
In the late 19th century, Jack London and Anna Strunsky were part of a San Francisco radical literary group known as "The Crowd."
Dane Kempton makes the case for feeling and emotion.
Herbert Wace analyzes love in Darwinian terms.
Herbert Wace intends to order his affairs in a rational manner.
Herbert Wace marries Hester Stebbins.
Herbert Wace is not impelled by the archaic sex madness of the beast.
Herbert Wace is not impelled by the obsolescent romance madness of later-day man.
Herbert Wace contracts a tie based upon health, sanity, and compatibility.
Herbert Wace's intellect shall delight in the tie he contracts.
Initially, the public was piqued by the anonymity of the writers.
The book was moderately successful.
Russ Kingman praised the book.
Russ Kingman quoted the Buffalo Commercial as admiring the "sheer charm of its prose."
The Buffalo Commercial stated that the book "holds firmly its place in the front rank of the best of the season's publications."
The New York Times was less charitable in its review.
The New York Times opened its review with the line, "The sex problem again."
The New York Times complained that nothing the scientist says is new.
The New York Times complained that nothing the poet says is new.
The New York Times stated that the topic has been thrashed out some millions of times.
The New York Times stated that the unnamed author does not infuse human personality or appeal into either Wace or Kempton.
The New York Times stated that as a story, the book falls flat.
The New York Times stated that as a discussion of a topic, the book is as old as interesting and overworked.
Joseph Noel states that George Sterling described Jack London's portion of the book as "a spiritual misprint, a typographical error half a volume long."
Joseph Noel states that Jack London's vocabulary in the letters of Herbert Wace sounds as if taken that day from an encyclopedia by a conscientious sophomore.
Biographers have been intrigued by The Kempton-Wace Letters.
Biographers believe The Kempton-Wace Letters shed light on Jack London's life and ideas.
Anna Strunsky wrote the letters of Herbert Wace.
Anna Strunsky was named as the co-respondent in Jack London's divorce from his first wife, Bessie.
Biographers generally agree that Jack London’s relation with Anna Strunsky was platonic.
Jack London and Anna Strunsky were active in socialism.
Jack London and Anna Strunsky were active in the literary group known as "The Crowd" in San Francisco.
In the novel, Jack London expresses his theories about the "Mother-Woman" and the "Mate-Woman."
The roles of the "Mother-Woman" and the "Mate-Woman" seem to correspond to the roles played by Jack London's first wife and his second wife.
After Jack London's death in 1916, Anna Strunsky published a memoir in The Masses in 1917 about her relationship with Jack London.