The novel is a first-person narrative.
The first-person narrative is told from the point of view of the adolescent girl Maud Ruthyn.
Maud Ruthyn is an heiress.
Maud Ruthyn lives with her father Austin Ruthyn.
Austin Ruthyn is sombre and reclusive.
Maud Ruthyn and Austin Ruthyn live in their mansion at Knowl.
Maud Ruthyn has a cousin named Lady Monica Knollys.
Lady Monica Knollys is worldly and cheerful.
Maud Ruthyn learns more about her uncle Silas Ruthyn.
Silas Ruthyn is a black sheep of the family.
Maud Ruthyn has never met Silas Ruthyn.
Silas Ruthyn was once an infamous rake and gambler.
Silas Ruthyn is now apparently a fervently reformed Christian.
Silas Ruthyn's reputation has been tainted by the suspicious suicide of a man.
The man to whom Silas Ruthyn owed an enormous gambling debt is dead.
The suspicious suicide took place within a locked room.
The locked room is apparently impenetrable.
The locked room is located in Silas Ruthyn's mansion at Bartram-Haugh.
Maud Ruthyn's father hires a French governess named Madame de la Rougierre.
Madame de la Rougierre is a companion for Maud Ruthyn.
Madame de la Rougierre terrifies Maud Ruthyn.
Madame de la Rougierre appears to have designs on Maud Ruthyn.
During two of their walks together, Maud Ruthyn is brought into suspicious contact with strangers.
The strangers seem to be known to Madame de la Rougierre.
Madame de la Rougierre is in league with Uncle Silas's son Dudley.
Madame de la Rougierre is eventually dismissed.
Madame de la Rougierre is discovered by Maud Ruthyn in the act of burgling her father's desk.
Maud Ruthyn's father asks her if she is willing to undergo some kind of "ordeal."
Maud Ruthyn's father asks her in obscure terms.
Maud Ruthyn assents to her father's request.
Maud Ruthyn's father dies shortly after she assents.
At the reading of Austin Ruthyn's will, it emerges that he added a codicil to it.
The codicil states that Maud Ruthyn is to stay with Uncle Silas until she comes of age.
If Maud Ruthyn dies while still a minor, the estate will pass to Silas Ruthyn.
Lady Monica Knollys attempts to overturn the codicil.
Austin Ruthyn's executor is Dr. Bryerly.
Dr. Bryerly is a fellow Swedenborgian.
Lady Monica Knollys and Dr. Bryerly realize the dangerous implications of the codicil for Maud Ruthyn.
Despite their efforts, Maud Ruthyn consents willingly to spending the next three and a half years at Silas Ruthyn's mansion at Bartram-Haugh.
Maud Ruthyn initially finds life at Bartram-Haugh strange.
Life at Bartram-Haugh is not unpleasant for Maud Ruthyn.
There are ominous signs at Bartram-Haugh.
The servants at Bartram-Haugh are uniformly unfriendly.
Silas Ruthyn has a malevolent factotum named Dickon Hawkes.
Dickon Hawkes is one-legged.
Silas Ruthyn frightens Maud Ruthyn.
Silas Ruthyn is seemingly kind to Maud Ruthyn.
Silas Ruthyn treats his own children poorly.
Silas Ruthyn's children are Dudley and Millicent.
Dudley is loutish.
Millicent is uneducated.
Maud Ruthyn and Millicent become bitter enemies.
Maud Ruthyn and Millicent are each other's only source of companionship at the estate.
Dudley attempts to court Maud Ruthyn.
Maud Ruthyn rejects Dudley's courtship thoroughly on each occasion.
Silas Ruthyn is periodically subject to mysterious catatonic fits.
The mysterious catatonic fits are attributed to Silas Ruthyn's massive opium consumption.
Ominous happenings begin to take place at Bartram-Haugh.
It becomes increasingly difficult for Maud Ruthyn and Millicent to find any route out of the estate.
Dudley's courtship culminates in a marriage proposition to Maud Ruthyn.
Maud Ruthyn confronts Silas Ruthyn about Dudley's marriage proposition.
Silas Ruthyn attempts to coax Maud Ruthyn into accepting Dudley's marriage proposition.
Maud Ruthyn is relieved when it emerges that Dudley is already married.
Dudley and his wife leave to set sail from Liverpool to New York.
It is decided that Millicent should attend a boarding school in France.
Silas Ruthyn sends Millicent away with the promise that Maud Ruthyn is to join her after three months.
Maud Ruthyn is shocked to discover Madame de la Rougierre residing at Bartram-Haugh.
Madame de la Rougierre is in the employ of Silas Ruthyn.
Maud Ruthyn suspects that Dudley may not have fled.
Madame de la Rougierre is charged with accompanying Maud Ruthyn first to London.
Madame de la Rougierre is charged with accompanying Maud Ruthyn to Dover and across the Channel.
Maud Ruthyn falls asleep during the journey.
Maud Ruthyn is escorted under the cover of darkness.
Maud Ruthyn awakes to find herself again at Bartram-Haugh.
Maud Ruthyn had been on a round trip to London and back.
Maud Ruthyn finds herself imprisoned in one of the mansion's many bedrooms.
Madame de la Rougierre is guarding Maud Ruthyn.
Everyone suspects that Maud Ruthyn is in France.
Maud Ruthyn remembers the earlier warnings of her cousin Lady Monica Knollys.
Maud Ruthyn refuses to drink any of the drugged claret intended for her.
Madame de la Rougierre partakes of the drugged claret.
Madame de la Rougierre promptly falls asleep on Maud Ruthyn's bed.
Dudley scales the building.
Dudley enters the unlit room.
The window Dudley uses is set upon concealed hinges.
The concealed hinges allow the window to be opened only from the outside.
Maud Ruthyn witnesses Dudley brutally murder Madame de la Rougierre by mistake.
Maud Ruthyn witnesses the murder in the near-darkness.
Uncle Silas enters the room.
Uncle Silas has been waiting outside.
Maud Ruthyn slips out undetected.
Maud Ruthyn is swiftly conveyed by carriage to Lady Knollys's estate.
Maud Ruthyn is taken away from Bartram-Haugh.
Silas Ruthyn is discovered lying dead of an opium overdose.
Dudley becomes a fugitive.
Dudley is thought to be hiding in Australia.
Maud Ruthyn is happily married to Lord Ilbury.
Lord Ilbury is charming and handsome.
Maud Ruthyn ends her recollections on a philosophical note.
Maud Ruthyn states that this world is a parable.
Maud Ruthyn states that this world is the habitation of symbols.
Maud Ruthyn states that this world shows the phantoms of spiritual things immortal in material shape.
Maud Ruthyn expresses a desire for the blessed second-sight.
Maud Ruthyn believes that she may walk with angels if she will.
Maud Ruthyn believes that she may hear angels speak.