The plot of the novel begins seven years after the broken engagement of Anne Elliot to Commander Frederick Wentworth.
Anne Elliot is 19 years old at the time of her broken engagement.
Anne Elliot fell in love with Frederick Wentworth.
Anne Elliot accepted a proposal of marriage from Frederick Wentworth.
Frederick Wentworth is a handsome young naval officer.
Frederick Wentworth was clever, confident, ambitious, and employed.
Frederick Wentworth was not yet wealthy.
Frederick Wentworth had no particular family connections to recommend him.
Sir Walter Elliot is Anne Elliot's father.
Elizabeth is Anne Elliot's older sister.
Sir Walter Elliot and Elizabeth were not pleased with Anne Elliot's choice of Frederick Wentworth.
Sir Walter Elliot and Elizabeth maintained that Frederick Wentworth was no match for an Elliot of Kellynch Hall.
Lady Russell acted in place of Anne Elliot's late mother.
Lady Russell persuaded Anne Elliot to break the engagement with Frederick Wentworth.
Lady Russell felt that the match with Frederick Wentworth was imprudent for one so young.
Only Sir Walter Elliot, Elizabeth, and Lady Russell know about Anne Elliot's short engagement.
Mary, Anne Elliot's younger sister, was away at school during the engagement.
The Elliot family is now in financial trouble.
Kellynch Hall will be let.
The Elliot family will settle in Bath until their finances improve.
Baronet Sir Walter Elliot looks forward to the move to Bath.
Elizabeth looks forward to the move to Bath.
Anne Elliot is less sure she will enjoy Bath.
Mary is married to Charles Musgrove.
Charles Musgrove is the heir to a respected local squire.
Anne Elliot visits Mary Musgrove and her family.
Anne Elliot is well-loved by Mary Musgrove and her family.
The end of the war puts sailors back on shore.
Admiral Croft is a tenant of Kellynch Hall.
Sophia Croft is the wife of Admiral Croft.
Sophia Croft is the sister of Frederick Wentworth.
Frederick Wentworth is now a wealthy naval captain.
Frederick Wentworth visits his sister, Sophia Croft.
Frederick Wentworth meets the Uppercross family.
Frederick Wentworth meets Anne Elliot.
The Musgroves welcome the Crofts and Frederick Wentworth.
Frederick Wentworth tells everyone he is ready to marry.
Henrietta is engaged to her clergyman cousin Charles Hayter.
Charles Hayter is away for the first few days that Frederick Wentworth joins their social circle.
Both the Crofts and Musgroves enjoy speculating about which sister Frederick Wentworth might marry.
Once Charles Hayter returns, Henrietta turns her affections to him again.
Anne Elliot no longer loves Frederick Wentworth.
Each meeting with Frederick Wentworth requires preparation for Anne Elliot's strong emotions.
Anne Elliot overhears Louisa telling Frederick Wentworth that Charles first proposed to Anne Elliot.
Anne Elliot turned down Charles's proposal.
The news that Charles first proposed to Anne Elliot is startling to Frederick Wentworth.
Anne Elliot and the young adults of the Uppercross family accompany Captain Frederick Wentworth on a visit to two of his fellow officers.
The fellow officers are Captains Harville and James Benwick.
The visit takes place in the coastal town of Lyme Regis.
James Benwick is in mourning for the death of his fiancée.
James Benwick's fiancée is Captain Harville's sister.
James Benwick appreciates Anne Elliot's sympathy and understanding.
James Benwick admires the Romantic poets.
Anne Elliot admires the Romantic poets.
A gentleman passing through Lyme attracts the attention of Anne Elliot.
The gentleman is William Elliot.
William Elliot is Anne Elliot's cousin.
William Elliot is the heir to Kellynch.
William Elliot broke ties with Sir Walter Elliot years earlier.
On the last morning of the visit, Louisa sustains a serious concussion in a fall.
The fall is brought about by Louisa's impetuous behavior with Frederick Wentworth.
Anne Elliot organizes the others to summon assistance.
Frederick Wentworth is impressed with Anne Elliot.
Frederick Wentworth feels guilty about his actions with Louisa.
Frederick Wentworth re-examines his feelings about Anne Elliot.
Following Louisa's accident, Anne Elliot joins her father and sister in Bath.
Lady Russell accompanies Anne Elliot in Bath.
Louisa and her parents stay at the Harvilles in Lyme.
Frederick Wentworth visits his older brother in Shropshire.
Anne Elliot finds that her father and sister are flattered by the attentions of William Elliot.
William Elliot is recently widowed.
William Elliot has reconciled with Sir Walter Elliot.
Elizabeth assumes that William Elliot wishes to court her.
Anne Elliot likes William Elliot.
Anne Elliot enjoys William Elliot's manners.
Anne Elliot finds William Elliot's character opaque.
Admiral Croft and his wife arrive in Bath with the news that Louisa is engaged to Captain Benwick.
Frederick Wentworth comes to Bath.
Frederick Wentworth's jealousy is piqued by seeing Mr. Elliot courting Anne Elliot.
Frederick Wentworth and Anne Elliot renew their acquaintance.
Anne Elliot visits an old school friend, Mrs. Smith.
Mrs. Smith is now a widow living in Bath.
Mrs. Smith is living in straitened circumstances.
Anne Elliot discovers that Mr. Elliot is a cold, calculating opportunist.
Mr. Elliot led Mrs. Smith's late husband into debt.
Mr. Elliot takes no actions to improve Mrs. Smith's situation.
Mrs. Smith believes that Mr. Elliot is genuinely attracted to Anne Elliot.
Mrs. Smith feels that Mr. Elliot's first aim is preventing Mrs. Clay from marrying Sir Walter Elliot.
A new marriage might mean a new son for Sir Walter Elliot.
A new son might displace Mr. Elliot.
The Musgroves visit Bath to purchase wedding clothes for Louisa and Henrietta.
Louisa and Henrietta are both soon to marry.
Captains Frederick Wentworth and Harville encounter the Musgroves and Anne Elliot at the Musgroves' hotel in Bath.
Frederick Wentworth overhears Anne Elliot and Captain Harville conversing about the relative faithfulness of men and women in love.
Frederick Wentworth is deeply moved by what Anne Elliot has to say about women not giving up their feelings of love.
Frederick Wentworth writes Anne Elliot a note declaring his feelings for her.
Outside the hotel, Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth reconcile.
Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth affirm their love for each other.
Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth renew their engagement.
William Elliot leaves Bath with Mrs. Clay.
Mrs. Clay's charming ways may yet attract William Elliot.
Lady Russell admits she was wrong about Frederick Wentworth.
Lady Russell and Anne Elliot remain friends.
Once Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth marry, he helps Mrs. Smith recover her lost assets.
Anne Elliot settles into life as the wife of a Navy captain.
Frederick Wentworth is called away when his country needs him.