Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's deepening happiness in her professional relationship with Norman Warne.
Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's deepening happiness in her personal relationship with Norman Warne.
Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's delight in trouncing the rigors of middle class domesticity.
Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's delight in trouncing the strictures of middle class domesticity.
The mice wreak destruction in Two Bad Mice.
The destruction the mice wreak is miniaturized.
The destruction the mice wreak is more amusing than serious.
Beatrix Potter enjoyed developing a tale in Two Bad Mice.
Beatrix Potter enjoyed developing a tale that gave her the vicarious thrill of improper behaviour.
Beatrix Potter would never have entertained the sort of improper behaviour depicted in Two Bad Mice in real life.
The tale in Two Bad Mice begins with "once upon a time".
The tale in Two Bad Mice includes a description of a "very beautiful doll's-house".
The doll's-house in Two Bad Mice belongs to a doll called Lucinda.
The doll's-house in Two Bad Mice belongs to a cook-doll called Jane.
Jane never cooks in Two Bad Mice.
The doll's-house food is made of plaster.
The doll's-house food was bought ready-made.
The doll's-house food was bought in a box full of shavings.
The food in the doll's-house will not come off the plates.
The food in the doll's-house is extremely beautiful.
One morning, the dolls leave the nursery for a drive in their perambulator.
No one is in the nursery when Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca peep out.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca are two mice living under the skirting board.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca cross the hearthrug to the doll's-house.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca open the door of the doll's-house.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca enter the doll's-house.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca squeak for joy when they discover the dining table set for dinner.
The dining table in the doll's-house is set for dinner.
The dining table in the doll's-house is all so convenient.
Tom Thumb discovers the food is plaster.
Tom Thumb loses his temper after discovering the food is plaster.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca smash every dish on the table.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca make a noise described as "bang, bang, smash, smash!"
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca try to burn one dish in the red-hot crinkly paper fire.
Tom Thumb stays on the ground floor of the doll's-house.
Hunca Munca empties the kitchen canisters of their red and blue beads.
Tom Thumb takes the dolls' dresses from the chest of drawers.
Tom Thumb tosses the dolls' dresses out the window.
Hunca Munca pulls the feathers from the dolls' bolster.
Hunca Munca remembers she needs a bolster.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca take the dolls' bolster to their mouse-hole.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca carry off several small odds and ends from the doll's-house.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca carry off a cradle from the doll's-house.
A bird cage will not fit through the mouse-hole.
A bookcase will not fit through the mouse-hole.
The nursery door suddenly opens.
The dolls return in their perambulator.
Lucinda and Jane are speechless when they behold the vandalism in their house.
The little girl who owns the doll's-house gets a policeman doll.
The little girl positions the policeman doll at the front door.
The nurse is more practical than the little girl.
The nurse sets a mouse-trap.
The narrator believes the mice are not so very naughty after all.
Tom Thumb pays for his crimes with a crooked sixpence.
Tom Thumb places the crooked sixpence in the doll's stocking on Christmas Eve.
Hunca Munca atones for her hand in the destruction.
Hunca Munca sweeps the doll's-house every morning with her dust-pan and broom.