Mrs. Frisby is the widowed head of a family of field mice.
Mrs. Frisby's son, Timothy, is ill with pneumonia.
The farmer Mr. Fitzgibbon begins preparation for spring plowing in the garden.
The Frisby family lives in the garden.
Mrs. Frisby normally would move her family.
Timothy would not survive the cold trip to their summer home.
Mrs. Frisby obtains medicine from her friend Mr. Ages.
Mr. Ages is an older white mouse.
Mrs. Frisby saves the life of Jeremy, a young crow.
Jeremy is saved from Dragon, the farmer's cat.
Dragon is the same cat who killed Jonathan Frisby.
Jeremy suggests Mrs. Frisby seek help in moving Timothy from an owl.
The owl dwells in the forest.
Jeremy flies Mrs. Frisby to the owl's tree.
The owl says he can't help until he finds out that Mrs. Frisby is the widow of Jonathan Frisby.
The owl suggests that Mrs. Frisby seek help from the rats.
The rats live in a rosebush near Mrs. Frisby.
Mrs. Frisby discovers the rats have a literate and mechanized society.
The rats have technology such as elevators.
The rats have tapped the electricity grid to provide lighting and heating.
The rats have acquired other human skills.
The rats store food for the winter.
Nicodemus is the leader of the rats.
Nicodemus tells Mrs. Frisby of the rats' capture by scientists.
The scientists work for a laboratory located at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH).
The scientists performed experiments on the rats.
The experiments increased the rats' intelligence.
The increased intelligence allowed the rats to read.
The increased intelligence allowed the rats to write.
The increased intelligence allowed the rats to operate complicated machines.
The experiments enhanced the rats' longevity.
The experiments enhanced the rats' strength.
The increased intelligence and strength allowed the rats to escape from the NIMH laboratories.
The rats migrated to their present location.
Jonathan Frisby and Mr. Ages were the only two survivors of a group of eight mice.
The group of eight mice had been part of the experiments at NIMH.
Jonathan Frisby and Mr. Ages made the rats' escape possible.
The rats agree to move Mrs. Frisby's house to a location safe from the plow.
Nicodemus tells Mrs. Frisby about "The Plan."
"The Plan" is to abandon their lifestyle of dependence on humans.
Some rats regard dependence on humans as theft.
The rats plan to create a new, independent farming colony.
One rat, Jenner, agreed wholeheartedly with The Plan.
Jenner left the colony with a group of followers.
Jenner left prior to Mrs. Frisby's arrival.
To move the Frisby home, the rats have to drug Dragon.
It is too dangerous to work in the open without any place to hide.
Mr. Ages has a broken leg.
Mr. Ages cannot dash to Dragon's bowl to put in the drug.
The other rats are too big to fit into the hole in the wall.
Mrs. Frisby volunteers to go into the hole.
Mrs. Frisby is caught by the family's son, Billy.
Billy puts Mrs. Frisby in a cage.
While captured, Mrs. Frisby overhears the Fitzgibbons discussing an incident at a nearby hardware store.
A group of rats were electrocuted at the hardware store.
The group of rats were electrocuted after seemingly attempting to steal a small motor.
The incident has attracted the attention of a group of men.
The men never identify themselves.
The men have offered to exterminate the rat colony on Fitzgibbon's land.
The extermination is offered free of charge for Mr. Fitzgibbon.
At night, Justin comes to save Mrs. Frisby.
Justin manages to get Mrs. Frisby out of the cage.
Mrs. Frisby warns Justin of what she learned while captured.
Mrs. Frisby and Justin assume that the rats at the hardware store were all from Jenner's group.
Mrs. Frisby and Justin assume that the group of men were from NIMH.
Mrs. Frisby and Justin assume that the group of men are looking for the rats specifically.
The successful house move allows the mouse family to remain.
Timothy recovers before moving to their summer home.
The rats have not yet had time to move everything they needed for The Plan.
The rats manage to destroy their underground rooms.
The rats create the illusion that they are just regular rats.
The rats place rubbish in the remaining rooms.
As the others move, ten rats stay behind.
The ten rats stay behind so the exterminators would not think the rat hole has been abandoned.
The exterminators fill the rat hole with poisonous gas.
Eight of the ten rats manage to escape.
Two rats die in the hole.
It is not revealed exactly who the two rats are.
Once Timothy recovers, Mrs. Frisby and her family move to their summer home.
Martin makes plans to visit the rats when they return to their winter home again.