The novel takes place in the fictional town of Socartes, Spain.
The town's name refers to the philosopher Socrates.
The town's name refers to Socrates' ideas about internal beauty.
The town's name refers to Socrates' ideas about external beauty.
The story tells the story of Marianela.
Marianela is sometimes referred to as "Nela."
Marianela is a poor orphan girl.
Marianela has an ugly face.
Marianela loves Pablo.
Pablo is a blind boy.
Pablo has feelings for Marianela.
Marianela frequently sings to Pablo.
Pablo believes Marianela is beautiful because of her voice.
Pablo's father asks a famous doctor named Teodoro Golfin to examine Pablo.
Teodoro Golfin is a famous doctor.
Teodoro Golfin is asked to see if Pablo's sight can be restored.
Pablo is full of despair at the prospect of the operation.
Pablo promises Marianela that he will marry her after the operation if it is successful.
Pablo is convinced that Marianela is beautiful.
Pablo is convinced that Marianela is beautiful even when Marianela tells him otherwise.
Pablo's father plans for Pablo to marry his beautiful cousin, Florentina.
Pablo's father does not tell Pablo about the plan to marry Florentina.
Pablo's father does not tell Florentina about the plan to marry her to Pablo.
Florentina comes to Socartes.
Marianela mistakes Florentina for the Virgin Mary when she first sees her.
Marianela mistakes Florentina for the Virgin Mary because of Florentina's beauty.
Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela.
Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela because Marianela is poor.
Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela because Marianela is abandoned.
Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela because nobody loves Marianela.
Florentina vows to take charge of Marianela.
Florentina vows to clothe Marianela.
Florentina vows to educate Marianela.
Florentina vows to have Marianela live with her like a sister.
Pablo eventually gets the operation that gives him his sight.
Before seeing Marianela, Pablo sees Florentina.
Pablo proposes to Florentina instead of Marianela.
Nela attempts suicide because Pablo proposes to Florentina.
Teodoro Golfin saves Nela from her suicide attempt.
Teodoro Golfin is the eye doctor who cured Pablo.
Teodoro Golfin and Florentina take Nela to Pablo's villa.
Teodoro Golfin and Florentina take care of Nela while she is hiding from Pablo.
Nela hides from Pablo because of her looks.
Pablo desires to see Nela.
Pablo finds his way to Nela's room.
Pablo serenades Florentina.
Pablo sees Nela in bed.
Pablo confuses Nela for "just a poor girl who Don Teodoro took in from the street."
Nela admits it is she.
Nela kisses Pablo's hand three times.
Nela dies of a broken heart upon the third kiss.
Nela leaves Pablo distraught.