The synopsis is consistent with the novel in its later forms (1946 and subsequent editions).
The synopsis differs in detail from the original 1928 text as transcribed at Project Gutenberg.
There were significant changes between the 1928 magazine publication and the 1946 hardcover.
There were significant changes between the early hardcovers and the late 1950s and later paperback editions.
The Skylark of Space is the first book of the Skylark series.
The idealistic protagonist is Dick Seaton.
The mercantile antagonist is Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne.
At the beginning of the story, Dick Seaton accidentally discovers a workable space drive.
Dick Seaton discovers the workable space drive by combining pure copper with a newly discovered fictional element "X".
The newly discovered fictional element "X" is suggested to be a stable transactinide element in the platinum group.
Dick Seaton fails to re-create the effect of the workable space drive.
Dick Seaton realizes that the missing component is a field generated by Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's particle accelerator.
Dick Seaton sets up a business with his millionaire friend Martin Crane.
Dick Seaton and Martin Crane set up a business to build a spaceship.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne conspires to sabotage Dick Seaton's spaceship.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne builds his own spaceship from Dick Seaton's plans.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne uses his spaceship to kidnap Dick Seaton's fiancée, Dorothy Vaneman.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne kidnaps Dorothy Vaneman to exchange her for the element "X".
In the resulting fight, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship is accidentally set to full acceleration.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship is set on an uncontrolled trajectory.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship travels a vast distance from Earth's solar system.
The copper 'power bar' is exhausted in Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship.
Dick Seaton and Martin Crane use an "Object Compass" that always points toward a locked object.
Dick Seaton and Martin Crane follow Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne in their own spaceship, the Skylark.
Dick Seaton and Martin Crane follow Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne to rescue Dorothy Vaneman and her fellow-hostage, Margaret "Peg" Spencer.
The Skylark discovers Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship derelict in orbit around a massive dead star.
The massive dead star resembles a cold neutron star.
Dick Seaton extracts a promise from Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne to act as one of the party until they get back to Earth.
Dick Seaton, Martin Crane, and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne leave orbit and travel further in search of additional fuel.
Dick Seaton, Martin Crane, and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne fail to find any "X" on an Earthlike exoplanet.
Dick Seaton, Martin Crane, and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne leave the Earthlike exoplanet in search of copper.
Dick Seaton, Martin Crane, and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne encounter a "Disembodied Intelligence".
The "Disembodied Intelligence" shows similar attributes to Star Trek's "Q".
Dick Seaton, Martin Crane, and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne enter a cluster of stars nicknamed “The Green System”.
Dick Seaton, Martin Crane, and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne locate a planet having copper sulfate oceans.
On the Earth-like planet "Osnome", Dick Seaton, Martin Crane, and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne befriend the rulers of Mardonale.
Mardonale is one of the two factions of the Osnomian natives.
The Mardonalian ruler attempts to betray Dick Seaton and his friends.
Dick Seaton and his friends find allies in Prince Dunark.
Prince Dunark is a crown-prince of Mardonale's rival "Kondal".
Dick Seaton and his friends assist Prince Dunark and Princess Sitar in destroying Mardonale.
The Kondalians make new copper "power bars".
The Kondalians rebuild the Skylark as Skylark Two.
Skylark Two has new weapons known to Kondalian science.
Dick Seaton's marriage to Dorothy Vaneman is solemnized by the Kondalian monarchy.
Martin Crane's marriage to Margaret "Peg" Spencer is solemnized by the Kondalian monarchy.
Dick Seaton is declared nominal "Overlord" of Kondal.
The Skylark returns to Earth.
The Skylark is laden with jewels, platinum, radium, and a plenitude of "X".
Near Earth, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne leaves the Skylark by parachute.
The story ends with the Skylark's landing on Crane's Field.