Out of Time's Abyss is a direct sequel to The Land That Time Forgot.
Out of Time's Abyss is a direct sequel to The People That Time Forgot.
Out of Time's Abyss continues the lost world saga begun in the earlier stories.
Out of Time's Abyss connects The Land That Time Forgot and The People That Time Forgot.
Out of Time's Abyss brings in characters introduced in The Land That Time Forgot.
Out of Time's Abyss brings in characters introduced in The People That Time Forgot.
Edgar Rice Burroughs completes the revelation of his lost world's unique biological system in Out of Time's Abyss.
The unique biological system is only hinted at in The People That Time Forgot.
The slow progress of evolution in the world outside is recapitulated as a matter of individual metamorphosis in Out of Time's Abyss.
The unique biological system serves as a thematic element in Out of Time's Abyss.
The thematic element serves to unite the three Caspak stories.
The book begins with Bradley.
Bradley had left Fort Dinosaur on an expedition in The Land That Time Forgot.
Bradley never returned to Fort Dinosaur after his expedition.
Bradley and his party are attempting to return to Fort Dinosaur.
Bradley and his party encounter a creature which appears to be a flying dead man.
Some members of Bradley's party consider the creature to be a ghost.
Some members of Bradley's party consider the creature to be a banshee.
Tippet is convinced that he is soon to die.
Tippet is killed by a Tyrannosaurus the next day.
The ghost-like creature is seen again.
James is killed by a Smilodon.
Bradley disappears during the night.
The remaining members of Bradley's party make it safely to Fort Dinosaur.
Bradley had been captured by the ghost-like creature.
The ghost-like creature is revealed to be a naturally winged human being.
The naturally winged human being belongs to a subgroup of humanity known as the Wieroo.
The Wieroo takes Bradley to the island of Oo-oh.
The island of Oo-oh is set in Caspak's inland sea.
The Wieroo attempts to keep Bradley in a prison.
Bradley escapes through a secret passage.
Bradley meets Co-Tan.
Co-Tan is a member of the highest human race of mainland Caspak.
The highest human race of mainland Caspak is known as the Galu.
Co-Tan is fully human.
Co-Tan is of a neolithic cultural level.
Bradley and Co-Tan enter the chamber of the Wieroo king.
The Wieroo king is a huge member of the Wieroo race.
Bradley spares the Wieroo king's life.
Bradley does not use his own sword against the Wieroo king.
Co-Tan and Bradley escape the city of the Wieroo.
Co-Tan and Bradley live for several months on the forested coast of Oo-oh.
Co-Tan and Bradley are discovered by the Wieroo.
Co-Tan and Bradley succeed in capturing two of the Wieroo.
Co-Tan and Bradley force the captured Wieroo to fly to the mainland.
One captured Wieroo bears Co-Tan.
One captured Wieroo bears Bradley.
Co-Tan and Bradley meet the party from the outside world from the previous two books on the Caspakian mainland.
Co-Tan and Bradley return home to America.
Bradley will marry Co-Tan.