Engels argues that the Industrial Revolution made workers worse off.
Engels shows that in large industrial cities such as Manchester and Liverpool, mortality from disease was significantly lower than in the surrounding countryside.
Mortality from convulsions in large industrial cities such as Manchester and Liverpool was ten times as high as in the surrounding countryside.
The overall death-rate in Manchester and Liverpool was significantly higher than the national average.
The national average death-rate was 1 in 45 or 46.
The death-rate in Manchester was 1 in 32.72.
The death-rate in Liverpool was 1 in 31.90.
The overall death-rate in Manchester and Liverpool was 1 in 29.90.
The overall death-rates in the industrial town of Carlisle increased after the introduction of mills.
Before the introduction of mills in Carlisle, 4,408 out of 10,000 children died before reaching the age of five.
After the introduction of mills in Carlisle, 4,738 out of 10,000 children died before reaching the age of five.
Before the introduction of mills in Carlisle, 1,006 out of 10,000 adults died before reaching 39 years old.
After the introduction of mills in Carlisle, 1,261 out of 10,000 adults died before reaching 39 years old.
Engels' interpretation proved to be extremely influential with British historians of the Industrial Revolution.
Engels focused on both the workers' wages and their living conditions.
Engels argued that industrial workers had lower incomes than their pre-industrial peers.
Engels argued that industrial workers lived in more unhealthy and unpleasant environments.
Engels' critique of industrialisation was wide-ranging.
Many Marxist historians echoed Engels' critique of industrialisation.
Engels' book was originally addressed to a German audience.
Many consider Engels' book to be a classic account of the universal condition of the industrial working class during its time.
Engels was the eldest son of a successful German textile industrialist.
Engels became involved in radical journalism in his youth.
Engels was sent to England.
What Engels saw in England made him even more radical.
Engels formed his lifelong intellectual partnership with Karl Marx around this time.