The play focuses on Don Rodrigue and Chimène.
Don Rodrigue's father is Don Diègue.
Don Diègue is the old upstart general of the Kingdom of Castile.
Don Diègue is past his prime.
Chimène's father is Comte de Gormas.
Comte de Gormas is the successful current general.
Don Rodrigue and Chimène love each other.
Chimène's father insults Don Rodrigue's father.
Rodrigue is torn between his love for Chimène and his duty to avenge his father's honour.
Rodrigue chooses to avenge his father's honour.
Rodrigue faces Comte de Gormas in a duel.
Don Gormas is killed in the duel.
Chimène asks the King for Rodrigue's head.
The Moors attack.
Rodrigue gets the chance to redeem himself in the eye of the nation.
Rodrigue gets a chance to win back Chimène with honour still satisfied.
Rodrigue's victories on the battlefield win him the renown of the people.
Rodrigue's victories on the battlefield win him the title of "the Cid."
Rodrigue's victories on the battlefield win him the gratitude of the King.
Chimène approaches the King to request that one of his knights duel with Rodrigue.
Chimène's goal is to bring her Rodrigue's head.
Chimène chooses Don Sanche as her champion.
Chimène dislikes Don Sanche.
Chimène agrees to marry whoever is the victor of the duel to the death.
The King agrees to the duel unhappily.
The King does not want to risk losing Rodrigue.
Rodrigue speaks to Chimène privately.
Rodrigue will not defend himself against what is symbolically "her" hand.
Chimène persuades Rodrigue to do his best.
If Rodrigue wins, he and Chimène will marry.
Don Sanche comes to where Chimène is waiting.
Don Sanche carries a bloody sword.
Chimène assumes the worst about Rodrigue without giving Don Sanche the chance to speak.
Chimène feels free to confess her love for Rodrigue.
Chimène believes Rodrigue to be alive.
Don Sanche explains that Rodrigue disarmed him.
Rodrigue granted Don Sanche mercy.
Rodrigue returns straight to the King after the duel.
Don Sanche brings his sword to Chimène.
Chimène and Rodrigue are reluctant to marry because of their history.
The King says that circumstances have proven that Chimène and Rodrigue were meant to be together.
The King realizes that Chimène and Rodrigue need time to adapt.
Chimène will set the date for the wedding.
Chimène will set the date for the wedding up to a year in advance.
Rodrigue, known as the Cid, will conduct a war against the Moors in their own territory.