The novel takes place in the fictional town of Socartes, Spain.
The town's name refers to the philosopher Socrates.
The town's name refers to Socrates' ideas about internal beauty.
The town's name refers to Socrates' ideas about external beauty.
The story tells the story of Marianela.
Marianela is sometimes referred to as "Nela."
Marianela is a poor orphan girl.
Marianela has an ugly face.
Marianela has love for Pablo.
Pablo is a blind boy.
Pablo has feelings for Marianela.
Marianela frequently sings to Pablo.
Pablo believes Marianela is beautiful because of her voice.
Pablo's father asks a famous doctor named Teodoro Golfin to come and examine Pablo.
Teodoro Golfin is a famous doctor.
Teodoro Golfin is asked to see if Pablo's sight can be restored.
Pablo is full of hope at the prospect of the operation.
Pablo promises Marianela that he will marry her after the operation if it is successful.
Marianela despises Pablo.
Pablo is convinced that Marianela is beautiful.
Pablo believes Marianela is beautiful even when she tells him otherwise.
Pablo's father plans for Pablo to marry his beautiful cousin, Florentina.
Pablo's father does not tell Pablo about the plan to marry Florentina.
Pablo's father does not tell Florentina about the plan to marry her to Pablo.
Florentina comes to Socartes.
Marianela mistakes Florentina for the Virgin Mary when she first sees her.
Marianela mistakes Florentina for the Virgin Mary because of Florentina's beauty.
Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela.
Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela because Marianela is poor.
Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela because Marianela is abandoned.
Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela because nobody loves Marianela.
Florentina vows to take charge of Marianela.
Florentina vows to clothe Marianela.
Florentina vows to educate Marianela.
Florentina vows to have Marianela live with her like a sister.
Pablo eventually gets the operation that gives him his sight.
Before seeing Marianela, Pablo sees Florentina.
Pablo proposes to Florentina instead of Marianela.
Marianela attempts suicide because Pablo proposes to Florentina.
Teodoro Golfin saves Marianela from suicide.
Teodoro Golfin is the eye doctor who cured Pablo.
Teodoro Golfin and Florentina take Marianela to Pablo's villa.
Teodoro Golfin and Florentina take care of Marianela while she is hiding from Pablo.
Marianela hides from Pablo because of her looks.
Pablo desires to see Marianela.
Pablo finds his way to Marianela's room.
Pablo serenades Florentina.
Pablo sees Marianela in bed.
Pablo confuses Marianela for "just a poor girl who Don Teodoro took in from the street."
Marianela admits it is she.
Marianela kisses Pablo's hand three times.
Marianela dies of a broken heart upon the third kiss.
Marianela leaves Pablo distraught.