Yorick's journey starts in Calais.
Yorick meets a monk who begs for donations to his convent.
Yorick initially refuses to give the monk anything.
Yorick later regrets his decision to refuse the monk.
Yorick and the monk exchange their hats.
Yorick buys a chaise to continue his journey.
The next town Yorick visits is Montreuil.
Yorick hires a servant to accompany him on his journey.
The servant is a young man named La Fleur.
During his stay in Paris, Yorick is informed that the police inquired for his passport at his hotel.
Yorick does not have a passport.
England is at war with France.
Yorick risks imprisonment in the Bastille without a passport.
Yorick decides to travel to Versailles.
Yorick visits the Count de B**** to acquire a passport.
Yorick notices the Count reads Hamlet.
The Count points with his finger at Yorick's name.
The Count mentions that he is Yorick.
The Count mistakes Yorick for the king's jester.
The Count quickly procures a passport for Yorick.
Yorick fails in his attempt to correct the Count.
Yorick remains satisfied with receiving his passport quickly.
Yorick returns to Paris.
Yorick continues his voyage to Italy after staying in Paris for a few more days.
Yorick decides to visit Maria in Moulins.
Maria was introduced in Sterne's previous novel, Tristram Shandy.
Maria's mother tells Yorick that Maria has been struck with grief since her husband died.
Yorick consoles Maria.
Yorick leaves after consoling Maria.
Yorick passes Lyon during his journey.
Yorick spends the night in a roadside inn.
There is only one bedroom in the roadside inn.
Yorick is forced to share the room with a lady and her chamber-maid.
Yorick cannot sleep in the roadside inn.
Yorick accidentally breaks his promise to remain silent during the night.
An altercation with the lady ensues because Yorick breaks his promise.
During the confusion, Yorick accidentally grabs hold of something belonging to the chamber-maid.
Yorick stretches out his hand.
Yorick catches hold of the chamber-maid's belongings.
The last line is: "when I stretch'd out my hand I caught hold of the fille de chambre's...End of vol II".
The last word is omitted in the last line.
Yorick stretches out his hand and catches the chamber-maid's hand.
Another interpretation is that Yorick grabs the Fille de Chambre's 'End'.