The story begins in 1647.
King Charles I has been defeated in the civil war.
King Charles I has fled from London towards the New Forest.
Parliamentary soldiers have been sent to search the New Forest.
Parliamentary soldiers decide to burn Arnwood.
Arnwood is the house of Colonel Beverley.
Colonel Beverley is a Cavalier officer.
Colonel Beverley survived the Battle of Naseby.
The four orphan children of Arnwood are Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith.
Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith are believed to have died in the flames.
Jacob Armitage saves Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith.
Jacob Armitage is a local verderer.
Jacob Armitage hides Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith in his isolated cottage.
Jacob Armitage disguises Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith as his grandchildren.
Under Jacob Armitage's guidance, Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith adapt from an aristocratic lifestyle.
Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith adapt to that of simple foresters.
After Jacob Armitage's death, Edward takes charge.
Edward and his siblings develop the farmstead.
Edward and his siblings expand the farmstead.
Humphrey has an entrepreneurial spirit.
Humphrey is the younger brother of Edward.
Edward and his siblings are assisted by a gypsy boy named Pablo.
Edward and his siblings rescue Pablo from a pitfall trap.
A sub-plot involves a hostile Puritan gamekeeper named Corbould.
Corbould seeks to harm Edward and his family.
Edward encounters a sympathetic Puritan named Heatherstone.
Heatherstone is placed in charge of the Royal land in the New Forest.
Edward rescues Heatherstone's daughter, Patience, in a house-fire.
Edward leaves the cottage.
Edward works as a secretary for Heatherstone.
Edward maintains the pretence that he is the grandson of Jacob Armitage.
Edward eventually joins the army of the future King Charles II.
Edward returns to the New Forest after the Royalist defeat at the Battle of Worcester.
Edward learns that Heatherstone has been awarded the old Arnwood estate.
Edward is disillusioned by Heatherstone's award of the Arnwood estate.
Edward is disillusioned by Patience's apparent rejection of his declarations of love.
Edward flees to France.
Edward's sisters are sent away to be brought up as aristocratic ladies.
Edward's brother continues to live in the New Forest.
Edward learns that Patience loves him.
Edward learns that Heatherstone acquired the Arnwood estate for him.
Edward works as a mercenary soldier in exile.
Edward is in exile until the Restoration.
Edward and Patience are reunited after the Restoration.