The events in the narrative occur sometime between the French and Indian War and the American Revolutionary War.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's family experiences horrible events.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father was a German immigrant.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father founded his own religion.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father came to America just before the American Revolution.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father had the conviction to spread his religion to the indigenous people.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father fails at spreading his religion.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father believes he has failed his deity.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father seems to spontaneously combust while worshiping in his bare, reclusive temple.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father's health rapidly deteriorates after he seems to spontaneously combust.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father dies.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland inherit their father's property.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's property is divided equally between them.
Theodore Wieland marries their childhood friend, Catharine Pleyel.
Theodore Wieland and Catharine Pleyel have four children.
Theodore Wieland begins to hear voices.
Catharine Pleyel's brother, Henry Pleyel, begins to hear voices.
Clara Wieland is initially doubtful of the voices that Theodore Wieland and Henry Pleyel claim to hear.
Clara Wieland begins to hear a strange voice.
The mysterious Carwin appears on the scene.
Carwin suggests that the voices may be caused by human mimicry.
Clara Wieland is secretly in love with Henry Pleyel.
Clara Wieland makes a plan to tell Henry Pleyel that she is in love with him.
Clara Wieland's chance to tell Henry Pleyel that she is in love with him is ruined.
Clara Wieland returns home.
Clara Wieland finds Carwin hiding in her closet.
Carwin admits he had been planning to rape Clara Wieland.
Carwin believes Clara Wieland to be under the protection of a supernatural force.
Carwin leaves Clara Wieland.
Pleyel accuses Clara Wieland of having an affair with Carwin.
Pleyel leaves quickly.
Pleyel does not give Clara Wieland enough time to defend herself.
Clara Wieland decides to go see Henry Pleyel.
Clara Wieland wants to tell Henry Pleyel that he is mistaken.
Henry Pleyel does not seem to believe Clara Wieland.
Clara Wieland stops to visit her friend Mrs. Baynton.
Clara Wieland finds a letter from Carwin waiting for her at Mrs. Baynton's house.
The letter from Carwin requests an audience with Clara Wieland.
Clara Wieland finds that everyone seems to be asleep at Theodore Wieland's house.
Clara Wieland continues on to her own home.
Clara Wieland is to meet with Carwin at her own home.
Clara Wieland arrives at her home.
Clara Wieland hears strange noises and sees lights at her home.
Clara Wieland sees a glimpse of Carwin's face.
Clara Wieland finds a strange letter from Carwin in her room.
Clara Wieland finds Catharine Pleyel in her bed, dead.
Clara Wieland is shocked.
Clara Wieland sits in her room until Theodore Wieland arrives.
Theodore Wieland threatens Clara Wieland.
Theodore Wieland hears voices outside.
Theodore Wieland leaves Clara Wieland unharmed.
Clara Wieland learns that Theodore Wieland's children and Louisa Conway have also been killed.
Clara Wieland falls ill.
Clara Wieland is later able to read the murderer's testimony.
The killer is Clara Wieland's brother, Theodore Wieland.
Theodore Wieland claims to have been acting under divine orders.
Clara Wieland is sure that Carwin is the source of Theodore Wieland's madness.
Carwin reveals to Clara Wieland that he is a biloquist.
Carwin was the cause of most of the voices.
Carwin claims that he did not tell Theodore Wieland to commit the murders.
Wieland escapes from prison.
Wieland arrives at Clara Wieland's house.
Wieland tries to kill Clara Wieland.
Carwin uses his ability to tell Theodore Wieland to stop.
Carwin says that Theodore Wieland should not have listened to the voices.
Theodore Wieland suddenly comes to his senses.
Theodore Wieland kills himself.
Theodore Wieland feels no remorse for what he has done.
Clara Wieland refuses to leave her house.
Clara Wieland's house burns down one day.
Clara Wieland goes to Europe with her uncle.
Clara Wieland eventually marries Henry Pleyel.
Clara Wieland feels she has finally recovered from the tragic events.
Clara Wieland feels she is able to write down the tragic events.
Carwin has become a farmer in the countryside.
The novel was based on the true story of murders that took place at Tomhannock, New York in 1781.
James Yates killed his wife and four children under the influence of a religious delusion.
James Yates attempted to kill his sister.
James Yates expressed no remorse for his conduct in court later.
Brown gave his tragic hero a pedigree related to the actual German author Christoph Martin Wieland.
Christoph Martin Wieland is mentioned obliquely in the text.
Clara Wieland's ancestor may be considered the founder of the German Theatre.
The modern poet of the same name is sprung from the same family as Christoph Martin Wieland.
The modern poet perhaps surpasses but little in the fruitfulness of his invention compared to Christoph Martin Wieland.
The modern poet perhaps surpasses but little in the soundness of his taste compared to Christoph Martin Wieland.
Charles Brockden Brown's novels were very influential in the later development of the Gothic genre.
Edgar Allan Poe was influenced by Charles Brockden Brown's novels.
Mary Shelley was influenced by Charles Brockden Brown's novels.
George Lippard was especially influenced by Charles Brockden Brown's novels.