The framing story concerns a man who dreams of speaking to Venus about love while Venus wears furs.
The unnamed narrator tells his dreams to a friend named Severin.
Severin tells the unnamed narrator how to break himself of his fascination with cruel women by reading a manuscript titled Memoirs of a Suprasensual Man.
The manuscript tells of a man named Severin von Kusiemski.
Severin von Kusiemski is infatuated with a woman named Wanda von Dunajew.
Severin von Kusiemski asks Wanda von Dunajew to be her slave.
Severin von Kusiemski encourages Wanda von Dunajew to treat him in progressively more degrading ways.
At first, Wanda von Dunajew does not understand or accede to Severin von Kusiemski's request.
Wanda von Dunajew humorously engages with Severin von Kusiemski a bit.
Wanda von Dunajew finds the advantages of the method to be uninteresting.
Wanda von Dunajew refuses to embrace the idea of treating Severin von Kusiemski as her slave.
Wanda von Dunajew disdains Severin von Kusiemski for allowing her to treat him in degrading ways.
Severin describes his feelings during these experiences as suprasensuality.
Severin von Kusiemski and Wanda von Dunajew travel to Florence.
Along the way, Severin von Kusiemski takes the generic Russian servant's name of "Gregor." Severin von Kusiemski takes on the role of Wanda von Dunajew's servant.
In Florence, Wanda von Dunajew treats Severin von Kusiemski brutally as a servant.
Wanda von Dunajew recruits a trio of African women to dominate Severin von Kusiemski.
The relationship between Wanda von Dunajew and Severin von Kusiemski arrives at a crisis.
Wanda von Dunajew meets a man named Alexis Papadopolis.
Wanda von Dunajew would like to submit to Alexis Papadopolis.
Alexis Papadopolis is described as a Byronic hero.
At the end of the book, Severin von Kusiemski is humiliated by Wanda von Dunajew's new lover.
Severin von Kusiemski loses the desire to submit.
Severin von Kusiemski says of Wanda von Dunajew that she is man's enemy.
Severin von Kusiemski believes that Wanda von Dunajew can only be man's slave or his despot.
Severin von Kusiemski believes that Wanda von Dunajew can never be man's companion.
Severin von Kusiemski believes that Wanda von Dunajew can become man's companion only when she has the same rights as man.
Severin von Kusiemski believes that Wanda von Dunajew can become man's companion only when she is his equal in education and work.