Captain Plume's Sergeant Kite recruits in the town of Shrewsbury.
Captain Plume arrives in Shrewsbury.
Captain Plume is in love with Melinda.
Worthy is a local gentleman.
Worthy is in love with Melinda.
Worthy asked Melinda to become his mistress a year previously.
Worthy believed Melinda to be of inadequate fortune to marry.
Worthy changes his mind after Melinda comes into an inheritance of £20,000.
Melinda accepts an invitation from Captain Brazen.
Melinda accepts the invitation to annoy Worthy.
Melinda was offended by Worthy's previous offer.
Lucy is Melinda's maid.
Lucy meets Captain Brazen.
Lucy pretends to be Melinda.
Lucy hopes to marry Captain Brazen.
Melinda and Sylvia argue.
Melinda says that the money she has inherited makes her more desirable.
Sylvia is more down to earth.
Sylvia is infuriated by Melinda's newly haughty behavior.
Sylvia leaves her father's house.
Sylvia mourns her brother Owen's death.
Sylvia tells her father Balance that she is going to the Welsh countryside.
Sylvia goes into Shrewsbury dressed as a man.
Sylvia uses the name 'Jack Wilful'.
Captain Brazen and Captain Plume compete to recruit 'Jack Wilful'.
Captain Brazen and Captain Plume are unaware of 'Jack Wilful's' real identity.
Sergeant Kite abducts 'Jack Wilful' for Captain Plume.
Captain Plume duels with Captain Brazen.
Sylvia spends the night in bed with Rose.
Rose is a local wench.
Captain Plume previously courted Rose.
Captain Plume courted Rose to get Rose's brother Bullock to join up.
An action is brought against 'Jack Wilful' for sexually assaulting Rose.
'Jack Wilful' finds 'himself' on trial before Sylvia's father Balance.
Sylvia's father Balance is a magistrate.
Balance has two fellow magistrates named Scruple and Scale.
The three magistrates look into Sergeant Kite's dubious recruiting practices.
The three magistrates acquit Sergeant Kite.
The three magistrates force 'Jack Wilful' to swear to the Articles of War.
Melinda continues to discourage Worthy.
Melinda goes to a fortune teller.
The fortune teller is actually Sergeant Kite in disguise.
Melinda is convinced to relent and accept Worthy's courtship.
Melinda is tricked by being given a sample of her handwriting.
The fortune teller takes the handwriting sample from a 'devil' he has conjured up under the table.
The 'devil' is actually Captain Plume.
Sergeant Kite is visited by Captain Brazen.
Captain Brazen gives Sergeant Kite a love letter.
Captain Brazen thinks the love letter is from Melinda.
Worthy compares the handwriting sample.
Worthy discovers that the love letter is from Melinda's maid Lucy.
Lucy hopes to ensnare Captain Brazen as a husband.
Worthy goes to visit Melinda.
Worthy finds out that Melinda seems to be eloping with Captain Brazen.
Worthy intercepts Captain Brazen.
Worthy intercepts a disguised woman he takes to be Melinda.
Worthy challenges Captain Brazen to a duel.
The duel is prevented when the woman drops her disguise.
The woman reveals herself to be Lucy.
Sylvia drops her disguise.
Captain Plume agrees to leave the army.
Captain Plume agrees to marry Sylvia.
Melinda relents towards Worthy.
Melinda agrees to marry Worthy.
Captain Plume transfers his twenty recruits to Captain Brazen.
Captain Plume transfers his recruits to compensate Captain Brazen for the loss of a rich marriage with Melinda.