Wells introduces Boon and calls it "an indiscreet, ill-advised book."
Wells pretends to repudiate any public identification with the work.
Bliss is Bliss and Wells is Wells.
Bliss can write all sorts of things that Wells could not do.
Wells creates a literary character named Reginald Bliss.
Reginald Bliss is making a book out of the literary remains of an author who has recently died.
The author who has recently died is George Boon.
George Boon is a popular author of books and plays.
Reginald Bliss attributes George Boon's death to depression on account of the war.
Reginald Bliss expresses disappointment that among George Boon's papers he has found "nothing but fragments."
Reginald Bliss expresses disappointment that among George Boon's papers he has found "a curious abundance of queer little drawings."
Many of the queer little drawings are reproduced.
The principal text by George Boon that Reginald Bliss presents is titled The Mind of the Race.
The Mind of the Race is "the singularly vivid and detailed and happily quite imaginary account of the murder of that eminent littérateur, Dr. Tomlinson Keyhole."
Reginald Bliss recounts conversations about the themes of The Mind of the Race.
Reginald Bliss has had conversations about the themes of The Mind of the Race with George Boon.
Reginald Bliss has had conversations about the themes of The Mind of the Race with Edwin Dodd.
Edwin Dodd is a leading member of the Rationalist Press Association.
Edwin Dodd is a militant agnostic.
Reginald Bliss has had conversations about the themes of The Mind of the Race with an author named Wilkins.
The principal philosophical theme engaged in George Boon's work is whether "the Mind of Humanity" can be said to exist.
Dodd believes that the notion of "the Mind of Humanity" is "mysticism."
In the unfinished work George Boon was planning, a character named Hallery is "fanatically obsessed by this idea of the Mind of the Race."
Wells is imagined to be fanatically obsessed by the idea of the Mind of the Race.
Hallery is imagined lecturing unsuccessfully on the subject at a conference.
The conference is held at a seaside villa that Henry James attends.
Chapter 4 of Boon is largely a frontal assault on Henry James's late manner.
Chapter 4 contains long pastiches of Henry James's style.
Henry James believes that a novel should have unity.
Henry James's belief that a novel should have unity is vigorously attacked in Chapter 4.
Henry James's characters are attacked in Chapter 4.
Henry James's characters are described as "eviscerated people he has invented."
Henry James's characters "never make lusty love."
Henry James's characters "never go to angry war."
Henry James's characters "never shout at an election or perspire at poker."
Henry James's characters only "nose out suspicions, hint by hint, link by link."
Chapter 5 mocks other writers, especially George Bernard Shaw.
Chapter 5 includes an outline of a paper on "The Natural History of Greatness, with especial reference to Literary Reputations."
The outline shows that some of Wells's critical notions were far ahead of his time.
Wells's stand-in Hallery argues for an expansion of the concept of literature.
Hallery's argument anticipates future critical developments.
Chapter 6 analyses the resistance Hallery's quasi-religious concept of the institution of literature inspires.
Hallery's quasi-religious concept of the institution of literature inspires resistance even in Hallery himself.
Chapter 7 praises the thought of Friedrich Nietzsche.
Chapter 7 admires Houston Stewart Chamberlain's pro-German work The Foundations of the Nineteenth Century.
Boon concludes with two humorous symbolic tales.
The two humorous symbolic tales are entitled "The Wild Asses of the Devil" and "The Last Trump."
The tale entitled "The Last Trump" engages theological themes.
Wells would soon be developing the theological themes in a serious vein in God the Invisible King (1917).