Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet are three feline siblings.
Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet are tumbling about the doorstep.
Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet are playing in the dust.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit is the mother of Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit expects fine company for tea.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit fetches Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet indoors.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit washes Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet before her friends arrive.
Tom Kitten is very well-behaved.
Tom Kitten scratches Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit while she grooms him.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit dresses Moppet in a clean pinafore.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit dresses Mittens in a clean pinafore.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit dresses Tom Kitten in all sorts of elegant uncomfortable clothes.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit takes the clothes for Tom Kitten from a chest of drawers.
Tom Kitten is fat.
Tom Kitten bursts several buttons.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit sews the buttons back on Tom Kitten's clothes.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit turns her kittens into the garden.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit turns her kittens into the garden to keep them out of the way.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit makes hot buttered toast for the party.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep their frocks clean.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep away from the pigsty.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep away from the dirty ash pit.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep away from Sally Henny Penny.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep away from the Puddle-Ducks.
Moppet and Mittens soon have their pinafores smeared with grass stains.
Moppet and Mittens climb upon the garden wall.
Moppet and Mittens lose some of their clothing in the ascent.
Tom Kitten has a more difficult time gaining the top of the wall.
Tom Kitten breaks the ferns while gaining the top of the wall.
Tom Kitten sheds buttons right and left while gaining the top of the wall.
Tom Kitten is disheveled when he reaches the top of the wall.
Tom Kitten loses his hat when he reaches the top of the wall.
Mittens and Moppet try to pull Tom Kitten together.
The rest of Tom Kitten's buttons burst.
Three Puddle-ducks come marching along the road.
Jemima Puddle-duck and Rebeccah put on some of the dropped clothing.
The kittens lose the rest of their clothing descending the wall.
Moppet invites Mr. Drake Puddle-duck to help dress Tom Kitten.
Mr. Drake Puddle-duck picks up various articles of Tom Kitten's clothing.
Mr. Drake Puddle-duck puts the clothing on himself.
The three ducks set off up the road.
Tabitha approaches just as the three ducks set off up the road.
Tabitha discovers her three children with no clothes on.
Tabitha pulls her three children off the wall.
Tabitha smacks her three children.
Tabitha takes her three children back to the house.
Tabitha says her friends will arrive in a minute.
Tabitha says her three children are not fit to be seen.
Tabitha says she is affronted.
Tabitha sends her kittens upstairs.
Tabitha tells her guests that her kittens are in bed with the measles.
The dignity and repose of the tea party is disturbed by very extraordinary noises overhead.
The playful kittens romp in a bedroom.
An illustration depicts the bedroom in complete disorder.
Tom Kitten is depicted in his mother's bonnet in the illustration.
The next illustration shows Tabitha entering the room.
The author promises the reader she will make a larger book about Tom Kitten some day.
The Puddle-ducks have lost the kittens' clothing in a pond.
The Puddle-ducks have been looking for the kittens' clothing ever since.