The novel begins as the narrator, Jenny, describes her cousin by marriage Kitty Baldry pining in the abandoned nursery.
Kitty Baldry is pining in the abandoned nursery.
Kitty Baldry's dead first son would have been raised in the abandoned nursery.
Jenny and Kitty Baldry are occupied with the domestic management of the Baldry estate.
The Baldry estate is located just outside London.
Jenny and Kitty Baldry are almost completely removed from the horrors of World War I.
Kitty Baldry's husband, Chris Baldry, is a British soldier.
Chris Baldry is fighting in France.
Margaret Grey arrives at the Baldry estate.
Margaret Grey wishes to bear news to Jenny and Kitty Baldry.
Jenny and Kitty Baldry are surprised to find a drab middle-aged woman.
Margaret Grey tells Jenny and Kitty Baldry that the War Office sent notification of Chris Baldry's injury and return home to Kitty Baldry and Jenny, not to Margaret Grey.
Kitty Baldry dismisses Margaret Grey from the Baldry estate.
Kitty Baldry tries to deny that she could have been the recipient of such information.
Another cousin of Jenny notifies Jenny and Kitty Baldry that he has visited Chris Baldry.
Chris Baldry is obsessing over Margaret Grey.
Chris Baldry had a summer fling with Margaret Grey fifteen years before.
Chris Baldry returns shell-shocked to the Baldry estate.
Chris Baldry thinks he is still twenty years old.
Chris Baldry finds himself in a strange world that has aged fifteen years beyond his memory.
Jenny asks Chris Baldry to explain what he is feeling to be true.
Chris Baldry tells Jenny the story of a romantic summer on Monkey Island.
Chris Baldry fell in love with Margaret Grey at the age of twenty.
Margaret Grey is the daughter of the innkeeper on Monkey Island.
The summer ends with a rash departure by Chris Baldry.
Chris Baldry's departure is caused by a fit of jealousy.
Jenny travels to nearby Wealdstone to bring Margaret Grey back to Chris Baldry.
Jenny wants to help Chris Baldry understand the difference between his remembered past and reality.
Jenny arrives at Margaret Grey's dilapidated row-house.
Margaret Grey is disheveled.
Margaret Grey is taking care of her husband.
Jenny convinces Margaret Grey to return with her to the Baldry estate.
Margaret Grey returns to the Baldry estate to help Chris Baldry.
Chris Baldry recognizes Margaret Grey upon her return.
Chris Baldry becomes excited upon recognizing Margaret Grey.
Margaret Grey explains that fifteen years have passed since their Monkey Island summer.
Chris Baldry is now married to Kitty Baldry.
Chris Baldry acknowledges the passage of time intellectually.
Chris Baldry cannot retrieve his memories.
Chris Baldry still pines for Margaret Grey.
Margaret Grey continues to visit Chris Baldry.
Kitty Baldry and Jenny despair about Chris Baldry's loss of memory.
Jenny and Kitty Baldry decide to consult Dr. Gilbert Anderson.
Dr. Gilbert Anderson is a psychoanalyst.
Dr. Gilbert Anderson arrives during one of Margaret Grey's visits.
Dr. Gilbert Anderson questions Jenny and Kitty Baldry.
Dr. Gilbert Anderson decides on a course of treatment with the help of Margaret Grey.
Margaret Grey must confront Chris Baldry with proof of his dead child.
Margaret Grey retrieves toys and some of the child's clothing.
Margaret Grey confronts Chris Baldry with the truth.
Chris Baldry regains his memory.
Margaret Grey departs after Chris Baldry regains his memory.
Kitty Baldry rejoices in Chris Baldry's return to a state fit to be a soldier.