The play is set in Napoleonic times.
The local gossips of the town discuss the developing relationship between Miss Phoebe Throssel and Valentine Brown.
Miss Phoebe Throssel confesses to her sister, Susan, that Valentine Brown intends to drop by later that day.
Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan are certain that Valentine Brown means to propose.
Valentine Brown does not ask for Miss Phoebe Throssel's hand in marriage.
Valentine Brown announces his intention to join the fight in Europe against Napoleon.
The announcement leaves Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan overjoyed.
Ten years after the departure of Valentine Brown, Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan have set up a school.
Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan set up the school in order to pay the rent.
Miss Phoebe Throssel has not accepted any other suitor.
Miss Phoebe Throssel has allowed herself to become an "Old Maid" and school mistress.
Miss Phoebe Throssel longs for her youth.
The return of Captain Brown deepens Miss Phoebe Throssel's melancholy.
Miss Phoebe Throssel declares that she is tired of being lady-like.
Miss Phoebe Throssel creates the fictional character of Miss Livvy.
Miss Livvy is a more energetic, flirtatious, and naughty version of Miss Phoebe Throssel's younger self.
Miss Phoebe Throssel begins to tease Captain Brown.
Captain Brown is captivated by Miss Phoebe Throssel.
Captain Brown persuades Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan to accompany him to the ball.
At the ball, Miss Phoebe Throssel is still playing the part of Miss Livvy.
Miss Phoebe Throssel has captured the eyes of many young men while playing Miss Livvy.
Miss Phoebe Throssel has captured the scorn of ladies while playing Miss Livvy.
Miss Phoebe Throssel is annoyed that Captain Brown seems to prefer Miss Livvy to her true personality and qualities.
Miss Phoebe Throssel's actions cause events to come to a head.
Miss Phoebe Throssel's act is almost brought to light by the local gossiping girls Fanny Willoughby and Henrietta Turnbull.
In a final confrontation with Captain Brown, it is discovered that he has found his love for Miss Phoebe Throssel.
Captain Brown insists that he has discovered for himself that the schoolmistress in her old maid's cap is the noblest Miss Phoebe Throssel of them all.
Miss Livvy still hangs heavy over Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan.
Miss Livvy is now difficult to dispose of.
The local gossips watch for any sign of Miss Livvy.
The local gossips frequently visit Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan's home.
Captain Brown comes to ask for Miss Phoebe Throssel's hand.
Miss Phoebe Throssel turns down Captain Brown without explanation.
Captain Brown becomes aware of the disguise.
Captain Brown becomes aware of Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan's plight.
Captain Brown sets out to right all wrongs.
Captain Brown sets out to right his own wrongs.