Lucy Snowe is the protagonist of Villette.
Lucy Snowe is 14 years old at the beginning of Villette.
Lucy Snowe stays at the home of her godmother Mrs. Bretton.
Mrs. Bretton lives in "the clean and ancient town of Bretton" in England.
Mrs. Bretton has a son named John Graham Bretton.
The family calls John Graham Bretton "Graham."
A young visitor named Paulina Home is also in residence at Mrs. Bretton's home.
Paulina Home is called "Polly."
Polly is a peculiar little girl.
Polly develops a deep devotion to Graham.
Graham showers Polly with attention.
Polly's visit is cut short when her father arrives to take her away.
Lucy leaves Mrs. Bretton's home a few weeks after Polly's departure.
An unspecified family tragedy leaves Lucy without family, home, or means.
Lucy is hired as a caregiver by Miss Marchmont.
Miss Marchmont is a rheumatic crippled woman.
Lucy becomes accustomed to her work.
Lucy begins to feel content with her quiet lifestyle.
During an evening of dramatic weather changes, Miss Marchmont regains all her energy.
Miss Marchmont feels young again.
Miss Marchmont shares her sad love story with Lucy.
Miss Marchmont concludes that she should treat Lucy better.
Miss Marchmont believes that death will reunite her with her dead lover.
Lucy finds Miss Marchmont dead the next morning.
Lucy leaves the English countryside.
Lucy goes to London.
Lucy boards a ship for Spain at the age of 23.
Lucy knows very little French.
Lucy travels to the city of Villette.
Lucy finds employment as a bonne at Mme. Beck's boarding school for girls.
Mme. Beck's boarding school for girls is based upon the Hégers' Brussels pensionnat.
Lucy is hired to teach English at the school.
Lucy has to mind Mme. Beck's three children.
Lucy thrives despite Mme. Beck's constant surveillance of the staff and students.
"Dr. John" is a handsome English doctor.
"Dr. John" frequently visits the school.
"Dr. John" loves the coquette Ginevra Fanshawe.
"Dr. John" is later revealed to be John Graham Bretton.
Lucy has known that "Dr. John" is John Graham Bretton.
Lucy has deliberately concealed from the reader that "Dr. John" is John Graham Bretton.
Dr. John discovers Ginevra's unworthiness.
Dr. John turns his attention to Lucy.
Dr. John and Lucy become close friends.
Lucy values her friendship with Dr. John highly.
Lucy usually has an emotional reserve.
Polly (Paulina Home) reappears in the story.
Polly's father has inherited the title "de Bassompierre."
Polly's name is now Paulina Home de Bassompierre.
Polly and Graham discover that they knew each other in the past.
Polly and Graham renew their friendship.
Polly and Graham fall in love.
Polly and Graham eventually marry.
Lucy becomes progressively closer to M. Paul Emanuel.
M. Paul Emanuel is irascible, autocratic, and male chauvinist.
M. Paul Emanuel is a relative of Mme. Beck.
Lucy and M. Paul Emanuel eventually fall in love.
A group of conspiring antagonists includes Mme. Beck, Père Silas, and the relatives of M. Paul's long-dead fiancée.
The group of antagonists works to keep Lucy and M. Paul Emanuel apart.
The group of antagonists succeeds in forcing M. Paul Emanuel's departure for the West Indies.
M. Paul Emanuel is to oversee a plantation in the West Indies.
M. Paul Emanuel declares his love for Lucy before his departure.
M. Paul Emanuel arranges for Lucy to live independently as the headmistress of her own day school.
Lucy later expands her day school into a pensionnat.
Lucy has three encounters with the figure of a nun during the course of the novel.
The figure of a nun may be the ghost of a nun who was buried alive on the school's grounds.
The nun was buried alive as punishment for breaking her vow of chastity.
Lucy discovers the "nun's" habit in her bed.
Lucy destroys the "nun's" habit.
Lucy later finds out that the "nun's" habit was a disguise worn by Ginevra's amour, Alfred de Hamal.
The episodes with the nun contribute substantially to the novel's reputation as a gothic novel.
Villette's final pages are ambiguous.
Lucy says that she wants to leave the reader free to imagine a happy ending.
Lucy hints strongly that M. Paul's ship was destroyed by a storm during his return journey from the West Indies.
Lucy states that "M. Emanuel was away three years."
Lucy states that "they were the three happiest years of my life."
This passage suggests that M. Paul Emanuel was drowned by the "destroying angel of tempest."
Brontë described the ambiguity of the ending as a "little puzzle."