The Cossacks is believed to be somewhat autobiographical.
The Cossacks is partially based on Leo Tolstoy's experiences in the Caucasus during the last stages of the Caucasian War.
Leo Tolstoy had a morally corrupt experience in his youth.
Leo Tolstoy engaged in numerous promiscuous partners in his youth.
Leo Tolstoy had heavy drinking problems in his youth.
Leo Tolstoy had gambling problems in his youth.
Many people argue Leo Tolstoy used his own past as inspiration for the protagonist Dmitri Olenin.
Nobleman Dmitri Olenin joins the army as a cadet.
Dmitri Olenin joins the army in the hopes of escaping the superficiality of his daily life.
Dmitri Olenin hopes to find serenity among the "simple" people of the Caucasus.
Dmitri Olenin naively hopes to find "completeness."
Dmitri Olenin attempts to immerse himself in the local culture.
Dmitri Olenin befriends an old man.
Dmitri Olenin and the old man drink wine together.
Dmitri Olenin and the old man curse together.
Dmitri Olenin and the old man hunt pheasant together.
Dmitri Olenin and the old man hunt boar together.
Dmitri Olenin begins to dress in the manner of a Cossack.
Dmitri Olenin forgets himself.
Dmitri Olenin falls in love with the young Maryanka.
Maryanka has a fiancé named Lukashka.
While spending life as a Cossack, Dmitri Olenin learns lessons about his own inner life.
Dmitri Olenin learns lessons about moral philosophy.
Dmitri Olenin learns lessons about the nature of reality.
Dmitri Olenin understands the intricacies of human psychology.
Dmitri Olenin understands the nature of humanity.
Young idealist Dmitri Olenin leaves Moscow.
Dmitri Olenin hopes to start a new life in the Caucasus.
Dmitri Olenin slowly becomes enamored by the surroundings in the stanitsa.
Dmitri Olenin despises his previous existence.
Dmitri Olenin befriends the old Cossack Eroshka.
Eroshka goes hunting with Dmitri Olenin.
Eroshka finds Dmitri Olenin a good fellow because of Dmitri Olenin's propensity to drinking.
Young Cossack Luka kills a Chechen.
The Chechen is trying to come across the river towards the village to scout the Cossacks.
Luka gains much respect for killing the Chechen.
Dmitri Olenin falls in love with the maid Maryanka.
Maryanka is to be wed to Luka later in the story.
Dmitri Olenin tries to stop his emotion for Maryanka.
Dmitri Olenin convinces himself that he loves both Luka and Maryanka.
Dmitri Olenin loves Luka and Maryanka for their simplicity.
Dmitri Olenin decides that happiness can only come to a man who constantly gives to others with no thought of self-gratification.
Dmitri Olenin gives an extra horse to Luka.
Luka accepts the present.
Luka does not trust Dmitri Olenin's motives.
Dmitri Olenin gains the respect of the local villagers.
Another Russian named Beletsky comes to the village.
Beletsky is still attached to the ways of Moscow.
Beletsky partially corrupts Dmitri Olenin's ideals.
Beletsky convinces Dmitri Olenin to attempt to win Maryanka's love.
Dmitri Olenin approaches Maryanka several times.
Luka hears about Dmitri Olenin's attempts from a Cossack.
Luka does not invite Dmitri Olenin to the betrothal party.
Dmitri Olenin spends the night with Eroshka.
Dmitri Olenin decides that he will not give up on Maryanka.
Dmitri Olenin attempts to win Maryanka's heart again.
Dmitri Olenin asks Maryanka to marry him in a moment of passion.
Maryanka says she will answer Dmitri Olenin soon.
Luka remains unharmed when he and a group of Cossacks confront a group of Chechens.
The Chechens are trying to attack the village.
The group of Chechens includes the brother of the man Luka killed earlier.
The Chechens lose after the Cossacks take a cart to block their bullets.
The brother of the slain Chechen manages to shoot Luka in the belly.
Luka is close by when he is shot.
Luka is being cared for by village people.
Dmitri Olenin approaches Maryanka to ask her to marry him.
Maryanka angrily refuses Dmitri Olenin's proposal.
Dmitri Olenin realizes that his first impression of Maryanka's inaccessibility had been perfectly correct.
Dmitri Olenin asks his company commander to leave.
Dmitri Olenin asks to join the staff.
Dmitri Olenin says goodbye to Eroshka.
Eroshka is the only villager who sees Dmitri Olenin off.
Eroshka is emotional towards Dmitri Olenin.
After Dmitri Olenin takes off and looks back, he sees that Eroshka has apparently already forgotten about him.
Eroshka has gotten back to normal life.