Louis Lambert is the only child of a tanner and his wife.
Louis Lambert is born in 1797.
Louis Lambert begins reading at an early age.
In 1811, Louis Lambert meets the real-life Swiss author Madame de Staël.
Madame de Staël is born in 1766 and dies in 1817.
Madame de Staël is struck by Louis Lambert's intellect.
Madame de Staël pays for Louis Lambert to enroll in the Collège de Vendôme.
Louis Lambert meets a classmate named "the Poet" at the Collège de Vendôme.
"The Poet" identifies himself in the text as Balzac.
Louis Lambert and Balzac quickly become friends.
Louis Lambert is shunned by the other students.
Louis Lambert is berated by teachers for not paying attention.
Louis Lambert and Balzac bond through discussions of philosophy and mysticism.
Louis Lambert completes an essay entitled Traité de la Volonté ("Treatise on the Will").
A teacher confiscates Louis Lambert's essay.
The teacher calls Louis Lambert's essay "rubbish."
The teacher sells Louis Lambert's essay to a local grocer.
A serious illness forces Balzac to leave the school.
In 1815, Louis Lambert graduates at the age of eighteen.
Louis Lambert lives for three years in Paris.
Louis Lambert returns to his uncle's home in Blois.
Louis Lambert meets a woman named Pauline de Villenoix.
Louis Lambert falls passionately in love with Pauline de Villenoix.
On the day before their wedding, Louis Lambert experiences a moment of clarity.
Louis Lambert decides to write a letter to Pauline de Villenoix.
Doctors declare Louis Lambert "incurable."
Doctors order Louis Lambert into solitude and rest.
Pauline de Villenoix takes Louis Lambert to her family's château.
Louis Lambert lives in a near coma at the château.
Balzac meets Louis Lambert's uncle by chance.
Balzac is given a series of letters written by Louis Lambert.
The letters were written by Louis Lambert while in Paris and Blois.
The letters continue Louis Lambert's philosophical musings.
The letters describe Louis Lambert's love for Pauline de Villenoix.
Balzac visits Louis Lambert at the Villenoix château.
The decrepit Louis Lambert says only: "The angels are white."
Pauline de Villenoix shares a series of statements her lover had dictated.
Louis Lambert dies on 25 September 1824.
Louis Lambert dies at the age of twenty-eight.