McTeague is a dentist of limited intellect.
McTeague comes from a poor miner's family.
McTeague has opened a dentist shop on Polk Street in San Francisco.
McTeague's first name is never revealed.
Other characters in the novel call McTeague simply "Mac."
Marcus Schouler is McTeague's best friend.
Marcus Schouler brings his cousin, Trina Sieppe, to McTeague's parlor for dental work.
Marcus Schouler is courting Trina Sieppe.
McTeague becomes infatuated with Trina Sieppe while working on her teeth.
Marcus Schouler becomes extremely jealous of McTeague.
Marcus Schouler refuses to step aside for McTeague.
McTeague successfully woos Trina Sieppe.
McTeague and Trina Sieppe kiss and declare their love for each other.
Trina Sieppe discovers that she has won $15,000 from a lottery ticket.
Trina Sieppe's mother, Mrs. Sieppe, announces that McTeague and Trina Sieppe are to marry.
Marcus Schouler becomes jealous of McTeague after the announcement.
Marcus Schouler claims that he has been cheated out of money that would have been rightfully his if he had married Trina Sieppe.
The marriage between McTeague and Trina Sieppe takes place.
Mrs. Sieppe and the rest of Trina Sieppe's family move away from San Francisco.
Trina Sieppe is left alone with McTeague.
Trina Sieppe proves to be a parsimonious wife.
Trina Sieppe refuses to touch the principal of her $15,000.
Trina Sieppe invests her $15,000 with her uncle.
Trina Sieppe insists that she and McTeague must live on the earnings from McTeague's dental practice.
Trina Sieppe insists that she and McTeague must live on the small income from the $15,000 investment.
Trina Sieppe insists that she and McTeague must live on the bit of money she earns from carving small wooden figures of Noah's animals and his Ark for sale in her uncle's shop.
Trina Sieppe secretly accumulates penny-pinched savings in a locked trunk.
The couple are happy.
The friendship between Marcus Schouler and McTeague deteriorates.
More than once, Marcus Schouler and McTeague come to grips.
Each time McTeague's immense physical strength prevails.
McTeague eventually breaks Marcus Schouler's arm in a fight.
Marcus Schouler recovers from his injury.
Marcus Schouler goes south intending to become a rancher.
Before leaving, Marcus Schouler visits the McTeagues.
Marcus Schouler and McTeague part apparently as friends.
Catastrophe strikes when McTeague is debarred from practicing dentistry by the authorities.
It becomes clear that before leaving, Marcus Schouler has taken revenge on McTeague.
Marcus Schouler informs city hall that McTeague has no license or degree.
McTeague loses his dental practice.
The couple are forced to move into successively poorer quarters.
Trina Sieppe becomes more and more miserly.
McTeague and Trina Sieppe's life together deteriorates.
McTeague takes all of Trina Sieppe's domestic savings.
Trina Sieppe's domestic savings amount to $400 or roughly $10,000 in 2010 values.
McTeague abandons Trina Sieppe.
Trina Sieppe falls completely under the spell of money.
Trina Sieppe withdraws the principal of her prior winnings in gold from her uncle's firm.
Trina Sieppe admires and handles the coins in her room.
Trina Sieppe spreads the coins over her bed.
Trina Sieppe rolls around in the coins on her bed.
When McTeague returns, he is destitute once more.
Trina Sieppe refuses to give McTeague money even for food.
McTeague becomes aggravated and violent due to whisky.
McTeague beats Trina Sieppe to death.
McTeague takes the entire hoard of gold.
McTeague heads out to a mining community that he had left years before.
McTeague senses pursuit.
McTeague makes his way south towards Mexico.
Marcus Schouler hears of Trina Sieppe's murder.
Marcus Schouler joins the hunt for McTeague.
Marcus Schouler finally catches McTeague in Death Valley.
In the middle of the desert, Marcus Schouler and McTeague fight over McTeague's remaining water.
Marcus Schouler and McTeague fight over Trina Sieppe's $15,000 when the water is lost.
McTeague kills Marcus Schouler.
As Marcus Schouler dies, he handcuffs himself to McTeague.
The final image of the novel is one of McTeague stranded, alone and helpless.
McTeague is left with only the company of Marcus Schouler's corpse.
McTeague is handcuffed to Marcus Schouler's corpse.
McTeague is in the desolate, arid waste of Death Valley.