The Terran system is growing and expanding all the time.
An old and corrupt Centaurian Empire is supporting Terra's growth.
The Centaurian Empire encircles the Terran system.
The Centaurian Empire encourages the humans to grow out of their current empire.
Terra is at war with Proxima Centauri.
Terra is trying to find a way of breaking free from the Centaurian Empire's hold upon them.
Terra is continually coming up with new weapons to try and break the Centaurian defenses.
Proxima Centauri is continually updating its defenses.
Both Terra and Proxima Centauri use spies and other tactics to find out about each other's advances.
No actual fighting ever occurs between Terra and Proxima Centauri.
Both Terra and Proxima Centauri are too busy trying to beat each other with new technological developments.
Terra calculates its chances to win a war versus Proxima Centauri.
Terra updates its calculations with each new development.
Terra's decision about a war relies on its calculations.
Terra comes up with a concept for a bomb called Icarus.
Proxima Centauri cannot defend against Icarus.
Icarus travels at faster than light speeds.
Icarus makes use of the buildup of mass at near light speeds as a destructive agent when it slows down to below light speed.
The odds start to side with Terra when Icarus is developed.
Terra prepares to fight with the new-found technology of Icarus.
Icarus does not yet work, which prevents Terra from using it against Proxima Centauri.
The existence of Thomas Cole on Terra is an "unknown variable."
The "unknown variable" confuses the war win probability computer.
Thomas Cole is known as The Variable Man.
Thomas Cole is a man from the past, specifically from 1913.
Thomas Cole comes from the time just before the First World War.
Thomas Cole is brought into the present as an accident via a Time Bubble.
The Time Bubble was used for research about the past.
Thomas Cole escapes from the authority in the future.
Thomas Cole spends a lot of time running from the authority afterwards.
Thomas Cole has a certain genius to fix things and make things work.
Thomas Cole comes out of a period of time when humans had a natural genius and an ability to invent things and solve problems.
The engineer working on the FTL bomb realizes that Thomas Cole is the only person who can make Icarus work.
The engineer convinces Thomas Cole to help them with Icarus.
Icarus eventually works, although not in the way that anyone may have wanted.
Icarus does not emerge from FTL speed in the middle of Centarus and blow it out of existence.
Thomas Cole transforms Icarus into a working hyperdrive.
The order for Terra to launch a full-scale attack against the Centaurian Empire had already been given.
The majority of the enemy ships and planets were assumed to have been destroyed in the Icarus explosion.
The forces of Terra suffer a terrible defeat.
The forces of Terra lose many of their ships.
Due to Thomas Cole successfully wiring Icarus, it becomes possible for Terra to travel beyond the Centaurian Empire's perimeter.
Terra is no longer blocked into their tiny system.
There is no further need for war after the developments with Icarus.