Cousins Palamon and Arcite are captured and imprisoned by Theseus, duke of Athens.
Palamon and Arcite are captured after being found unconscious following Theseus's battle against Creon.
Palamon and Arcite's cell is in the tower of Theseus's castle.
The cell has a window that overlooks Theseus's palace garden.
Palamon wakes early one morning in May.
Palamon catches sight of Princess Emily in the courtyard.
Princess Emily is picking flowers for a garland.
Palamon instantly falls in love with Princess Emily.
Palamon's moan is heard by Arcite.
Arcite wakes after hearing Palamon's moan.
Arcite sees Princess Emily.
Arcite falls in love with Princess Emily.
Arcite claims that Palamon first recognized Princess Emily as mortal and not as a goddess.
Arcite claims that he alone has the right to woo Princess Emily.
The competition brought about by Palamon and Arcite's love causes them to fight one another.
Arcite is released from prison after some years.
Arcite is released through the good offices of Theseus's friend Pirithoos.
Pirithoos amends Arcite's sentence to exile.
Arcite secretly returns to Athens in disguise.
Arcite enters service in Princess Emily's household.
Arcite enters service to get close to Princess Emily.
Palamon eventually escapes from prison.
Palamon escapes by drugging the jailer.
Palamon hides in a grove.
Palamon overhears Arcite singing about love and fortune.
Palamon and Arcite begin to duel with each other.
Palamon and Arcite duel over who should get Princess Emily.
Palamon and Arcite are thwarted by the arrival of Theseus.
Theseus sentences Palamon and Arcite to gather 100 men apiece.
Palamon and Arcite are sentenced to fight a mass judicial tournament.
The winner of the tournament is to marry Princess Emily.
The forces assemble for the tournament.
Palamon prays to Venus to make Princess Emily his wife.
Princess Emily prays to Diana to marry the one who doesn't love her.
Arcite prays to Mars for victory.
Theseus lays down rules for the tournament.
If any man becomes seriously injured, he must be dragged out of the battle.
A seriously injured man is no longer in combat.
The story claims that there were almost no deaths on either side.
Palamon fights valiantly.
Palamon is wounded by a sword thrust from one of Arcite's men.
Palamon is unhorsed.
Theseus declares the fight to be over.
Arcite wins the battle.
Arcite cannot claim Princess Emily as his prize.
Arcite is mortally injured by his horse throwing him off.
Arcite's horse falls on him.
Arcite dies.
Arcite tells Princess Emily that she should marry Palamon.
Arcite believes Palamon would make a good husband for Princess Emily.
Palamon marries Princess Emily.
All three prayers are fulfilled.
Theseus references the First Mover.
The First Mover is the primum movens or unmoved mover of Aristotelian philosophy.
The First Mover creates the “Great Chain of Love.”
The Great Chain of Love holds the universe together in Medieval cosmology.
Theseus describes the inevitability of death for all things at their proper time.
Theseus uses the destruction of an oak tree as an example of inevitability.
Theseus uses the destruction of a stone as an example of inevitability.
Theseus uses the destruction of a river as an example of inevitability.
Theseus lists all the classes of medieval society as universally subject to death.
Theseus discusses the proper way to respond to the inevitability of death.
Theseus maintains that every man must die when his time comes.
Theseus believes it is best to die with a good name and reputation.
Theseus believes it is best to die on good terms with friends.
Theseus believes it is best to die having died with honour.
Theseus comforts Princess Emily and Palamon by stating that Arcite died in a good manner.
Arcite acquitted himself well in a feat of arms.