The focus of the novel shifts from John Carter, Warlord of Mars, and Dejah Thoris of Helium to Carthoris, prince of Helium, and Thuvia, princess of Ptarth.
Helium is a prominent Barsoomian city state/empire.
Ptarth is a prominent Barsoomian city state/empire.
Carthoris was a secondary character in the previous novel.
Thuvia was a secondary character in the previous novel.
The plot devices of this novel are similar to the previous Martian novels.
The plot involves the kidnapping of a Martian princess.
John Carter's son Carthoris is implicated in the kidnapping.
The novel includes an autopilot for Martian fliers.
The novel includes a collision detection device for Martian fliers.
The novel includes the creation of the Lotharians.
The Lotharians are a race of ancient Martians.
The Lotharians have become adept at telepathic projection.
The Lotharians are able to create imaginary warriors that can kill.
The Lotharians can sustain themselves through thought alone.
Carthoris is madly in love with Thuvia.
The love of Carthoris for Thuvia was foreshadowed at the end of the previous novel.
Thuvia is promised to Kulan Tith, Jeddak of Kaol.
Nothing can break an engagement between a man and woman on Barsoom except death.
A new suitor may not cause the death that breaks an engagement.
Thuvia will have none of Kulan Tith.
Carthoris is left in a predicament.
Thuvia suffers the common Burroughsian heroine's fate of being kidnapped.
Thuvia is in need of rescue.
Carthoris' goal is to find a way to forget the love of his life.
Carthoris' craft is sabotaged.
Carthoris finds himself deep in the undiscovered south of Barsoom.
Carthoris is in the ruins of ancient Aanthor.
Thuvia's kidnappers, the Dusar, have taken her to the ruins of ancient Aanthor.
Carthoris spots Thuvia and her kidnappers under assault by a green man of the hordes of Torquas.
Carthoris leaps to Thuvia's rescue.
Carthoris rescues Thuvia in the style of his father.
The rescue takes Carthoris and Thuvia to ancient Lothar.
Ancient Lothar is home to an ancient fair-skinned human race.
The ancient fair-skinned human race is gifted with the ability to create lifelike phantasms from pure thought.
The ancient fair-skinned human race habitually uses large numbers of phantom bowmen.
The ancient fair-skinned human race pairs phantom bowmen with real and phantom banths to defend themselves.
Banths are Barsoomian lions.
The kidnapping of Thuvia is done in such a way that Carthoris is blamed.
The blame placed on Carthoris ignites a war between the red nations of Barsoom.
Carthoris must try to be back in time with Thuvia.
Carthoris must try to stop the war from breaking loose.
Carthoris wonders if his love will ever be requited by Thuvia.