The story begins in 1647.
King Charles I has been defeated in the civil war.
King Charles I has fled from London towards the New Forest.
Parliamentary soldiers have been sent to search the New Forest.
Parliamentary soldiers decide to burn Arnwood.
Arnwood is the house of Colonel Beverley.
Colonel Beverley is a Cavalier officer.
Colonel Beverley was killed at the Battle of Naseby.
The four orphan children of Arnwood are Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith.
The four orphan children of Arnwood are believed to have died in the flames.
Jacob Armitage saves the four orphan children of Arnwood.
Jacob Armitage is a local verderer.
Jacob Armitage hides the four orphan children of Arnwood in his isolated cottage.
Jacob Armitage disguises the four orphan children of Arnwood as his apprentices.
Under Jacob Armitage's guidance, the four orphan children of Arnwood adapt from an aristocratic lifestyle.
The four orphan children of Arnwood adapt to that of simple foresters.
After Jacob Armitage's death, Edward takes charge.
The four orphan children of Arnwood develop and expand the farmstead.
Humphrey aids in the development and expansion of the farmstead.
Humphrey has an entrepreneurial spirit.
The four orphan children of Arnwood are assisted by a gypsy boy named Pablo.
The four orphan children of Arnwood rescue Pablo from a pitfall trap.
A sub-plot involves a hostile Puritan gamekeeper named Corbould.
Corbould seeks to harm Edward and his family.
Edward encounters a sympathetic Puritan named Heatherstone.
Heatherstone is placed in charge of the Royal land in the New Forest.
Edward rescues Heatherstone's daughter, Patience, in a house-fire.
Edward leaves the cottage.
Edward works as a secretary for Heatherstone.
Edward maintains the pretence that he is the grandson of Jacob Armitage.
Edward eventually joins the army of the future King Charles II.
Edward returns to the New Forest after the Royalist defeat at the Battle of Worcester.
Edward learns that Heatherstone has been awarded the old Arnwood estate.
Edward is disillusioned by Heatherstone's award of the old Arnwood estate.
Edward is disillusioned by Patience's apparent rejection of his declarations of love.
Edward flees to France.
Edward's sisters are sent away to be brought up as aristocratic ladies.
Edward's brother continues to live in the New Forest.
Edward learns that Patience loves him.
Edward learns that Heatherstone acquired the Arnwood estate for him.
Edward works as a mercenary soldier in exile.
Edward and Patience are reunited after the Restoration.