Events take place in a fictional country called Laurania.
Laurania is located somewhere on the Mediterranean Sea.
Laurania is similar to Italy or Spain.
Laurania has an overlay of Victorian England.
Laurania has an African colony.
The African colony can be reached via the Suez Canal.
Laurania has been a republic for many years.
Laurania has a well-established constitution.
Five years previously, in 1883, Laurania was split by a civil war.
General Antonio Molara became President and Dictator of Laurania as a result of the civil war.
Unrest has arisen because of General Antonio Molara's refusal to restore parliamentary rule.
The final events of General Antonio Molara's dictatorship are described in the book.
The story opens with a description of the capital of Laurania.
Fast-moving political events occur in the capital of Laurania.
General Antonio Molara has bowed to popular pressure for elections.
General Antonio Molara intends to hold elections based on a grossly amended electoral register.
Savrola is seen as the leader of the revolutionaries.
Savrola decides what the revolutionaries are to do.
Savrola presides over conflicting factions with differing aims.
Despite the unrest, society in Laurania still proceeds on the surface in a genteel course.
State balls and society events occur in Laurania.
General Antonio Molara decides to ask his young and beautiful wife, Lucile, to attempt to seduce Savrola.
Lucile is to discover anything she can about Savrola's plans.
Lucile finds herself attracted to Savrola.
Lucile's loyalties become confused.
Lucile finds herself repulsed by Savrola.
Events move from political maneuvering to street fighting when a rebel army invades Laurania.
Savrola knows about the rebel army and intended invasion.
Savrola has poor control over the rebel army.
The invasion has started without Savrola's knowledge or proper preparations.
Both sides scramble for a fight during the invasion.
General Antonio Molara finds the country's regular troops refuse to obey his orders.
General Antonio Molara is obliged to despatch most of the loyal Republican Guard from the capital.
General Antonio Molara despatches the loyal Republican Guard to oppose the invaders.
General Antonio Molara is left with a much reduced force to hold the capital.
Fierce street fighting takes place in the capital between the revolutionaries of the Popular Party and the Republican Guard.
The revolution culminates in the storming of the Presidential Palace.
General Antonio Molara dies on the steps of his palace.
The revolutionary allies start to break apart in the face of a threat by the Lauranian navy.
The Lauranian navy remains loyal to General Antonio Molara.
The Lauranian navy threatens to bombard the city unless Savrola is handed over to them.
The council of public safety decides the most expedient position would be to agree to the Lauranian navy's threat.
Savrola escapes attempts to arrest him.
Savrola flees with Lucile.
The city is subsequently bombarded when Savrola is not produced.
The last scene is of Savrola watching the destruction from outside the city.