The characters in the drama are introduced by an ‘Animal Tamer’.
The characters in the drama are introduced as if they are creatures in a travelling circus.
Lulu is described as “the true animal, the wild, beautiful animal”.
Lulu is described as the “primal form of woman”.
At the start of the play, Lulu has been rescued by the rich newspaper publisher Dr Schön.
Dr Schön has rescued Lulu from a life on the streets with her alleged father, the petty criminal Schigolch.
Dr Schön has taken Lulu under his wing.
Dr Schön has educated Lulu.
Dr Schön has made Lulu his lover.
Dr Schön wishes to make a more socially advantageous match for himself.
Dr Schön has married Lulu off to the medic Dr Goll.
In the first Act, Dr Goll has brought Lulu to have her portrait painted by Schwarz.
Lulu seduces the painter Schwarz.
Dr Goll returns to confront Lulu and Schwarz.
Dr Goll collapses with a fatal heart attack.
In Act Two, Lulu has married the painter Schwarz.
Schwarz has achieved fame and wealth with Schön’s assistance.
Lulu remains Schön’s mistress.
Schön wishes to be rid of Lulu ahead of his forthcoming marriage to a society belle, Charlotte von Zarnikow.
Schön informs Schwarz about Lulu's dissolute past.
Schwarz is unfazed by the information about Lulu's past.
Schwarz “guillotines” himself with his razor.
In Act Three, Lulu appears as a dancer in a revue.
Lulu's new career is promoted by Schön’s son Alwa.
Alwa is infatuated with Lulu.
Dr Schön is forced to admit that he is in Lulu's thrall.
Lulu forces Dr Schön to break off his engagement to Charlotte.
In Act Four, Lulu is married to Dr Schön.
Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with several other men.
Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with Schigolch.
Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with Alwa.
Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with the circus artist Rodrigo Quast.
Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with the lesbian Countess Geschwitz.
Schön presses a revolver into Lulu's hand.
Schön urges Lulu to kill herself.
Lulu uses the revolver to shoot Schön.
Lulu declares Schön the only man she has ever loved.
Lulu is imprisoned for her crime.
Lulu escapes from prison with the aid of Countess Geschwitz.
Lulu's subsequent career down to her death at the hands of Jack the Ripper in London is the subject of the sequel, Pandora’s Box.
It is customary in theatre performances to run the two plays together.
The two plays are run in abridged form under the title Lulu.