Anne Shirley has been married to Gilbert Blythe for 15 years.
Anne Shirley and Gilbert Blythe have six children.
The names of Anne Shirley and Gilbert Blythe's children are Jem, Walter, Nan, Di, Shirley, and Rilla.
Anne Shirley returns to Glen St. Mary after a trip to London.
A new minister has arrived in Glen St. Mary.
John Meredith is a widower.
John Meredith has four young children.
The names of John Meredith's children are Gerald (Jerry), Faith, Una, and Thomas Carlyle (Carl).
John Meredith's children have not been properly brought up since the death of their mother.
John Meredith is easily absorbed by matters of theology.
Many families in the village consider John Meredith's children well-behaved and disciplined.
Many families in the village tend to hear about the Meredith children when they have gotten into some kind of scrape.
Many families in the village question John Meredith's parenting skills.
Many families in the village question John Meredith's suitability as a minister.
Only the Blythes know of the Meredith children's loyalty and kindness for most of the book.
The Meredith children rescue an orphaned girl named Mary Vance from starvation.
Una finds a home for Mary Vance with Mrs. Marshall Elliott.
Faith sometimes tries to explain the Meredith children's behavior to the townsfolk.
Faith's explanations generally cause an even bigger scandal.
The Merediths, Blythes, and Mary Vance often play in a hollow called Rainbow Valley.
Rainbow Valley becomes a gathering place for the children in the book.
Jem Blythe tries to help the Merediths behave better by forming the "Good-Conduct Club."
The Merediths punish themselves for misdeeds in the "Good-Conduct Club."
Carl becomes very ill with pneumonia after spending hours in a graveyard on a wet night.
Una faints in church after fasting all day.
John Meredith is wracked with guilt over his failings as a father when Carl becomes ill and Una faints.
John Meredith realizes that he should marry again.
John Meredith believes he should give his children a mother.
John Meredith has always thought he will never love anyone again as he did his late wife.
John Meredith is surprised to find that he has fallen in love with Rosemary West.
Rosemary West is a woman in her late thirties.
Rosemary West lives with her sister Ellen.
Ellen is ten years older than Rosemary West.
John Meredith proposes marriage to Rosemary West.
Ellen forbids Rosemary West from accepting John Meredith's proposal.
Ellen and Rosemary West had promised each other never to leave the other following the deaths of their parents.
Ellen eventually reunites with her childhood beau, Norman Douglas.
Ellen asks Rosemary West to release her from her promise so she can marry Norman Douglas.
Rosemary West agrees to release Ellen from her promise.
Rosemary West thinks that John Meredith hates her.
Una overhears John Meredith expressing feelings for Rosemary West.
Una goes to ask Rosemary West to marry John Meredith.
Una has misgivings about stepmothers.
Mary Vance has told Una that stepmothers are always mean.
Rosemary West sets Una's mind at ease.
Rosemary West agrees to speak to John Meredith again.
John Meredith and Rosemary West become engaged.
Rosemary West and Ellen plan a double wedding in the fall.