Act 1 is set in a chocolate house.
Mirabell and Fainall have just finished playing cards.
A footman comes and tells Mirabell that Waitwell and Foible were married that morning.
Waitwell is Mirabell's male servant.
Foible is Lady Wishfort's female servant.
Mirabell tells Fainall about his love of Millamant.
Fainall encourages Mirabell to marry Millamant.
Witwoud and Petulant appear.
Mirabell is informed that should Lady Wishfort marry, he will lose £6000 of Millamant's inheritance.
Mirabell will only get this money if he can make Lady Wishfort consent to his and Millamant's marriage.
Act 2 is set in St. James’ Park.
Mrs. Fainall and Mrs. Marwood are discussing their hatred of men.
Fainall appears and accuses Mrs. Marwood of loving Mirabell.
Mrs. Marwood loves Mirabell.
Mrs. Fainall tells Mirabell that she hates her husband.
Mrs. Fainall and Mirabell begin to plot to deceive Lady Wishfort into giving her consent to the marriage.
Millamant appears in the park.
Millamant is angry about the previous night.
Mirabell was confronted by Lady Wishfort the previous night.
Millamant tells Mirabell of her displeasure in his plan.
Millamant has only a vague idea about Mirabell's plan.
The newly wed servants appear after Millamant leaves.
Mirabell reminds the newly wed servants of their roles in the plan.
Acts 3, 4, and 5 are all set in the home of Lady Wishfort.
Lady Wishfort is introduced.
Foible encourages Lady Wishfort to marry the supposed Sir Rowland.
Sir Rowland is Mirabell's supposed uncle.
Lady Wishfort marrying Sir Rowland will cause Mirabell to lose his inheritance.
Sir Rowland is Waitwell in disguise.
The plan is to entangle Lady Wishfort in a marriage which cannot go ahead.
The marriage cannot go ahead because it would be bigamy.
The marriage cannot go ahead because it would be a social disgrace.
Waitwell is only a serving man.
Lady Wishfort is an aristocrat.
Mirabell will offer to help Lady Wishfort out of the embarrassing situation if she consents to his marriage.
Mrs. Fainall discusses this plan with Foible.
Mrs. Marwood overhears Mrs. Fainall discussing the plan.
Mrs. Marwood later tells the plan to Fainall.
Fainall decides that he will take his wife's money and go away with Mrs. Marwood.
Mirabell and Millamant discuss in detail the conditions under which they would accept each other in marriage.
The discussion between Mirabell and Millamant is known as the "proviso scene."
The discussion shows the depth of Mirabell and Millamant's feeling for each other.
Fainall accuses Mrs. Marwood of hating Mirabell.
Mirabell finally proposes to Millamant.
Mrs. Fainall encourages Millamant to accept Mirabell's proposal.
Millamant knows of Mrs. Fainall's previous relations with Mirabell.
Millamant accepts Mirabell's proposal.
Mirabell leaves as Lady Wishfort arrives.
Lady Wishfort lets it be known that she wants Millamant to marry her nephew, Sir Wilfull Witwoud.
Sir Wilfull Witwoud has just arrived from the countryside.
Lady Wishfort later gets a letter telling her about the Sir Rowland plot.
Sir Rowland takes the letter.
Sir Rowland accuses Mirabell of trying to sabotage their wedding.
Lady Wishfort agrees to let Sir Rowland bring a marriage contract that night.
By Act 5, Lady Wishfort has found out the plot.
Fainall has had Waitwell arrested.
Mrs. Fainall tells Foible that her previous affair with Mirabell is now public knowledge.
Lady Wishfort appears with Mrs. Marwood.
Lady Wishfort thanks Mrs. Marwood for unveiling the plot.
Fainall appears and uses the information of Mrs. Fainall's previous affair with Mirabell to blackmail Lady Wishfort.
Fainall uses Millamant's contract to marry him to blackmail Lady Wishfort.
Fainall tells Lady Wishfort that she should never marry.
Fainall tells Lady Wishfort that she is to transfer her fortune to him.
Lady Wishfort offers Mirabell her consent to the marriage if he can save her fortune and honour.
Mirabell calls on Waitwell.
Waitwell brings a contract from the time before the marriage of the Fainalls.
The contract states that Mrs. Fainall gives all her property to Mirabell.
The contract neutralises Fainall's blackmail attempts.
Mirabell restores Mrs. Fainall's property to her possession.
Mirabell is then free to marry Millamant with the full £6000 inheritance.