King Charles I has been defeated in the civil war in 1647.
King Charles I has fled from London towards the New Forest.
Parliamentary soldiers have been sent to search the New Forest.
Parliamentary soldiers decide to burn Arnwood.
Arnwood is the house of Colonel Beverley.
Colonel Beverley is a Cavalier officer killed at the Battle of Naseby.
The four orphan children of Arnwood are Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith.
The four orphan children of Arnwood are believed to have died in the flames.
Jacob Armitage saves the four orphan children of Arnwood.
Jacob Armitage is a local verderer.
Jacob Armitage hides the four orphan children of Arnwood in his isolated cottage.
Jacob Armitage disguises the four orphan children of Arnwood as his grandchildren.
The four orphan children of Arnwood adapt from an aristocratic lifestyle to that of simple foresters under Jacob Armitage's guidance.
Edward takes charge after Jacob Armitage's death.
The four orphan children of Arnwood develop and expand the farmstead.
Humphrey has an entrepreneurial spirit.
Pablo is a gypsy boy.
Pablo is rescued from a pitfall trap by the four orphan children of Arnwood.
Corbould is a hostile Puritan gamekeeper.
Corbould seeks to harm Edward and his family.
Heatherstone is a sympathetic Puritan.
Heatherstone is placed in charge of the Royal land in the New Forest.
Edward rescues Heatherstone's daughter, Patience, in a house-fire.
Edward leaves the cottage.
Edward refuses to work as a secretary for Heatherstone.
Edward maintains the pretence that he is the grandson of Jacob Armitage.
Edward eventually joins the army of the future King Charles II.
Edward returns to the New Forest after the Royalist defeat at the Battle of Worcester.
Heatherstone has been awarded the old Arnwood estate.
Edward is disillusioned by Heatherstone's award of the old Arnwood estate.
Edward is disillusioned by Patience's apparent rejection of his declarations of love.
Edward flees to France.
Edward's sisters are sent away to be brought up as aristocratic ladies.
Edward's brother continues to live in the New Forest.
Edward learns that Patience loves him.
Heatherstone acquired the Arnwood estate for Edward.
Edward works as a mercenary soldier in exile until the Restoration.
Edward and Patience are reunited after the Restoration.