Elizabeth Sedway wanted to leave paradise and head home.
Elizabeth Sedway could not leave paradise and head home.
Elizabeth Sedway has cancer.
Elizabeth Sedway stated that she has cancer in a video posted to Facebook.
The video shows Elizabeth Sedway's group packing up from their Alaska Airlines plane.
The Alaska Airlines plane was sitting at the gate in Hawaii.
A woman is heard saying, "You're taking me off the airplane because I don't have a doctor's note saying I can fly."
Elizabeth Sedway was removed from the airplane.
Elizabeth Sedway was removed from the airplane as if she was a criminal or contagious.
Elizabeth Sedway was removed from the airplane because she has cancer and no note to fly.
Elizabeth Sedway eventually got on a flight back to San Jose, California.
Elizabeth Sedway did not get home until late Tuesday night.
Elizabeth Sedway received an apology from Alaska Airlines.
Bobbie Egan is the spokeswoman for Alaska Airlines.
Bobbie Egan said, "We regret the inconvenience Ms. Sedway experienced ... and are very sorry for how the situation was handled."
Bobbie Egan stated that the situation could have been handled differently.
Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary.
Elizabeth Sedway was on a plane to head east on Monday.
An airline employee saw Elizabeth Sedway seated in the handicapped section.
The airline employee asked Elizabeth Sedway how she was doing.
Elizabeth Sedway responded that she sometimes felt weak.
A call to a doctor was made after Elizabeth Sedway's response.
Elizabeth Sedway was removed from the plane after the call to a doctor.
Bobbie Egan acknowledged that Alaska Airlines' policy is to call MedLink when someone has a medical issue.
MedLink is a group of ER nurses and doctors.
Bobbie Egan explained that it is better to address medical issues or concerns on the ground rather than in the air.
Flights to or from Hawaii last five-plus hours over open ocean.
The decision to pull Elizabeth Sedway from the flight was made with "the customer's well-being" in mind.
Bobbie Egan stated that this does not mean it was the right decision.
Alaska Airlines apologized to Elizabeth Sedway for the disruption this has caused.
Alaska Airlines refunded Elizabeth Sedway's family's tickets.
Alaska Airlines paid for Elizabeth Sedway's family's overnight accommodations.
Elizabeth Sedway made clear on Facebook that being stuck in Hawaii was not a real disruption.
Elizabeth Sedway stated, "Because of this, I will miss my chemotherapy."
Elizabeth Sedway stated, "My children will miss school."
Elizabeth Sedway stated, "My husband will miss important meetings."