Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith.
Easter celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion.
Easter celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Resurrection.
Christ died on Good Friday.
Christ atoned for the sins of others by dying on Good Friday.
Christ rose from the grave on Sunday.
Christ conquered death by rising from the grave on Sunday.
Easter has picked up peripheral trappings such as the bunny and colorful eggs.
Easter does not fall on the same day every year.
Easter shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
The blood moon that occurred is not a pure coincidence that it fell around Easter.
Holy Week began with Palm Sunday last week at the Vatican.
Holy Week culminated in Easter Sunday Mass at the Vatican.
There were multiple celebrations in between Palm Sunday and Easter Sunday Mass to mark the final week of Christ's mortal life.
Jesus rode on the back of a donkey into Jerusalem on Palm Sunday.
Crowds celebrated Jesus as the Messiah on Palm Sunday.
Crowds laid down palm branches in Jesus' path on Palm Sunday.
The crowd and the Romans turned on Jesus during the week leading to his crucifixion and resurrection.
Rain sprinkled down on worshipers standing under umbrellas in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday.
Worshipers gathered in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday to partake in outdoor services held by Pope Francis.
Pope Francis took a moment to tell the world to do right by those in need in his Urbi et Orbi address.
Pope Francis lamented the suffering of people in many conflicts around the globe.
Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end in Nigeria.
Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end in South Sudan.
Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end in Iraq.
Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end in Ukraine.
Pope Francis washed the feet of believers this week.
Pope Francis repeated the Biblical account of a woman washing Jesus' feet and anointing them with oil.
The Church of the Holy Sepulcher in old Jerusalem unifies the spot where Christ was crucified with his tomb.
Catholics celebrated the Resurrection at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in old Jerusalem on Easter Sunday.
Armenian Christians celebrated the Resurrection at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in old Jerusalem on Easter Sunday.
The Latin Patriarch, the Archbishop of Jerusalem, entered the basilica on Easter Sunday.
Mass was held at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
A procession followed mass at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
A large group of indigenous Christians did not join the celebrations at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
Eastern Orthodox Christians will celebrate Easter a week from now.
Eastern Orthodox Christians determine Easter's date by a different calendar than Western Christians.
Eastern Orthodox Christians use the Julian calendar to determine Easter's date.
A blood moon appeared in the sky early Saturday.
The blood moon appeared between Good Friday and Easter Sunday.
The blood moon appeared during Passover.
The dates for both Passover and Easter are determined by moon phases.
Easter's timing is related to Passover.
Jesus was crucified around the time of Passover.
Many Jewish holidays, including Passover, fall on a full moon.
A full moon is a prerequisite for a lunar eclipse.
A lunar eclipse turns the moon a blood red color.
The timing of moon phases aligns perfectly with Earth's orbit.
Earth's orbit is how we determine the length of a year now.
Passover's exact date remains fixed.
Easter's exact date remains fixed.
Christian bishops first convened at the Council of Nicaea in the year 325.
Christian bishops made a rule to determine the date of Easter at the Council of Nicaea.
Easter would fall on the first Sunday after the first full moon following the vernal equinox.
The vernal equinox is the day in March when Earth's axis reaches a midpoint between winter and summer.
The day and night are of equal length on the vernal equinox.
If the full moon falls on Sunday, Easter would be pushed down a week.
When the West moved from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar, Orthodox Christians stayed with the Julian calendar.
The change from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar usually results in two separate dates for Easter.
In 1997, the World Council of Churches pushed for a unified method of determining a date for Easter.
The unified method of determining a date for Easter based on astronomical occurrences did not catch on.
Some odd Easter trappings that popped up after the Middle Ages include eggs and the bunny.
The bunny is an egg-laying pagan that worships the moon.
German immigrants appear to have brought the Easter bunny to North America in the 1700s.
German historians are not clear on the origins of the Easter bunny.
The first known mention of the bunny and the eggs in writing was in 1682.
Professor of medicine Georg Franck von Frankenau described a custom involving a bunny and eggs in the Alsace region in his paper "De ovis paschalibus."
Georg Franck von Frankenau's paper "De ovis paschalibus" is translated as "On Easter eggs."
Georg Franck von Frankenau left out any explanation of how the tradition of the Easter bunny arose.
There are a number of theories in Germany about the origins of the Easter bunny.
During Lent, people had to abstain from eating eggs.
Hens kept on laying eggs during Lent.
Farmers boiled and preserved eggs during Lent.
By the time Easter rolled around, farmers had a surplus of eggs.
Farmers had to figure out something to do with the surplus of eggs when Easter hit.
Parents may have invented the bunny as a playful explanation for children about where the Easter eggs came from.
Grant Thompson suggests using Kool-Aid instead of vinegar for coloring eggs.
Using Kool-Aid to color eggs appears to work.
One should use a whole packet of Kool-Aid in a small glass of hot water to color eggs.
One should gently lay the eggs in the Kool-Aid solution to color them.
Eggs turn out as bright as they would in any other food dye when colored with Kool-Aid.
Kool-Aid stains everything else, such as clothes and upholstery.
Kool-Aid changes the color of one's tongue when consumed.
Happy Easter is a greeting.
Happy Passover is a greeting.