The French prosecutor Brice Robin leads an investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Brice Robin was not aware of any video footage from on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
No videos were used in the crash investigation of Germanwings Flight 9525.
A person who has a video of Germanwings Flight 9525 needs to immediately give it to the investigators.
Two magazines, German daily Bild and French Paris Match, claimed there is a cell phone video showing the final seconds of Germanwings Flight 9525.
All 150 individuals on board Germanwings Flight 9525 were killed.
Paris Match and Bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Paris Match and Bild described the supposed video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Paris Match and Bild did not post the video on their websites.
Paris Match reported that they watched the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
A source close to the investigation found the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
One can hear cries of "My God" in several languages in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Metallic banging can be heard more than three times in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
The metallic banging in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525 is perhaps of the pilot trying to open the cockpit door with a heavy object.
Towards the end of the video of Germanwings Flight 9525, after a heavy shake, the screaming intensifies.
Then nothing happens in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Julian Reichelt is the editor-in-chief of Bild online.
Julian Reichelt said the scene in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525 is very disturbing.
An official with France's accident investigation agency, the BEA, said the agency is not aware of any video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini is a French Gendarmerie spokesman in charge of communications on rescue efforts around the Germanwings crash site.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that the reports of a video of Germanwings Flight 9525 were completely wrong.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that the reports of a video of Germanwings Flight 9525 were unwarranted.
Cell phones have been collected at the Germanwings crash site.
The cell phones collected at the Germanwings crash site had not been exploited yet.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini believed the cell phones would need to be sent to the Criminal Research Institute in Rosny sous-Bois for analysis.
The Criminal Research Institute is located near Paris.
Specialized technicians will work hand-in-hand with investigators to analyze the cell phones.
None of the cell phones found so far have been sent to the Criminal Research Institute.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini answered "no" when asked if staff involved in the search could have leaked a memory card to the media.
Julian Reichelt told "Erin Burnett: Outfront" that he watched the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Julian Reichelt stood by the report of the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Bild and Paris Match are very confident that the clip of Germanwings Flight 9525 is real.
Investigators revealed they recovered cell phones from the crash site after Bild and Paris Match published their reports.
Many things of the investigation were not revealed by the investigation at the beginning.
German airline Lufthansa confirmed that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz battled depression years before he took the controls of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Andreas Lubitz told his Lufthansa flight training school in 2009 that he had a previous episode of severe depression.
Lufthansa discovered email correspondence between Andreas Lubitz and the flight training school during an internal investigation.
The email correspondence included medical documents submitted by Andreas Lubitz in connection with resuming his flight training.
Lufthansa knew of Andreas Lubitz's battle with depression.
Lufthansa allowed Andreas Lubitz to continue training.
Lufthansa put Andreas Lubitz in the cockpit of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Lufthansa's CEO Carsten Spohr previously said Andreas Lubitz was 100% fit to fly.
Lufthansa described its statement about Andreas Lubitz as a swift and seamless clarification.
Lufthansa is sharing information and documents, including training and medical records, with public prosecutors.
Carsten Spohr traveled to the crash site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Recovery teams have been working for the past week to recover human remains and plane debris from the crash site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Carsten Spohr saw the crisis center set up in Seyne-les-Alpes.
Carsten Spohr laid a wreath in the village of Le Vernet.
Grieving families have left flowers at a simple stone memorial in the village of Le Vernet.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that no visible human remains were left at the crash site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Recovery teams would keep searching the crash site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
French President Francois Hollande said it should be possible to identify all the victims using DNA analysis by the end of the week.
The identification of victims using DNA analysis is later than authorities had previously suggested.
The recovery of the victims' personal belongings will start on Wednesday.
Among the personal belongings could be more cell phones belonging to the 144 passengers and six crew on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
Investigators are looking into what caused the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Investigators are looking into Andreas Lubitz's possible motive for downing Germanwings Flight 9525.
A Lufthansa spokesperson told CNN that Andreas Lubitz had a valid medical certificate.
Andreas Lubitz passed all his examinations.
Andreas Lubitz held all the licenses required to fly.
Christoph Kumpa is a spokesman for the prosecutor's office in Dusseldorf.
Medical records reveal that Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career.
Andreas Lubitz underwent psychotherapy before he got his pilot's license.
Christoph Kumpa emphasized there is no evidence suggesting Andreas Lubitz was suicidal before the crash.
Authorities believe the primary motive for Andreas Lubitz to bring down Germanwings Flight 9525 was his fear of losing his pilot's license due to his medical problems.
Andreas Lubitz's girlfriend told investigators he had seen an eye doctor and a neuropsychologist.
The eye doctor and neuropsychologist deemed Andreas Lubitz unfit to work recently.
The eye doctor and neuropsychologist concluded that Andreas Lubitz had psychological issues.
Brian Russell is a forensic psychologist.
Brian Russell said psychology can explain why someone would turn rage inward on themselves.
Brian Russell said there is no mental illness that explains why someone feels entitled to take rage outward on others.
Brian Russell said the individuals on board Germanwings Flight 9525 had nothing to do with Andreas Lubitz's problems.