Residents of central Sanaa have learned that key strategic bombing targets are located in their neighborhoods.
Detonating ordnance has been shattering windows and doors in central Sanaa.
Fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks.
The Saudi-led coalition smashed parts of Yemen's Defense Ministry Central Command in Sanaa over the weekend.
Senior Yemeni officials reported the coalition's actions.
The Houthis control Sanaa.
The airstrikes have hurt the Houthis.
The airstrikes have destroyed a lot of infrastructure in Sanaa.
The electricity has gone out for 16 million Yemenis living in Houthi-held areas.
Many residents fear they will lose access to clean water.
Yemen's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi has scorned the airstrikes.
Hadi fired his former Army chief of staff, Hussein Khairan, on Sunday.
The firing of Hussein Khairan had no practical effect.
Hussein Khairan had switched sides weeks ago.
Hussein Khairan is the Houthi rebels' acting defense minister.
Hadi is currently in Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia is working to defeat Hadi's enemies.
Saudi Arabia is working to reinstall Hadi.
Fighting has ended dozens of lives each day.
More than 50 people died in the port city of Aden on Monday.
Houthis and their allies are battling troops loyal to Hadi on the ground in Aden.
Some 600 people are estimated to have been killed since the bombing campaign and intense fighting began just over a week ago.
Many more people have been wounded.
Tens of thousands of people have fled the country.
The International Committee of the Red Cross has called for a humanitarian ceasefire to let aid in.
Robert Mardini is the ICRC's head of operations in the Near and Middle East.
Robert Mardini stated that many more people will die without a humanitarian ceasefire.
The chances of survival for the wounded depend on action within hours, not days.
Marie-Claire Feghali is the ICRC spokeswoman from Sanaa.
Marie-Claire Feghali stated that medical supplies are not urgently needed.
The ICRC needs to save the lives that can be saved.
Saudi Arabia signed off on letting the ICRC into Yemen via two aircraft.
One aircraft is carrying medical supplies.
The other aircraft is carrying workers.
Flying into Yemen will be hard.
Most airlines have canceled their flights.
Airstrikes have taken out many airfields in Yemen.
A flight loaded with 48 tons of medical supplies was grounded in Djibouti on Monday.
The ICRC is hoping to fly out in a day or two.
The U.N. Security Council discussed the humanitarian situation at Russia's behest on Saturday.
Moscow submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes by the nine-country regional coalition.
The meeting of the U.N. Security Council adjourned with no decision announced.
One diplomat stated that the draft was missing key elements.
The draft did not call for the Houthis to stop fighting.
The draft did not call for political talks between the belligerents.
Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels forced Hadi from power.
The Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overtook Sanaa in January.
Hadi escaped in February.
Hadi fled to Aden.
Hadi declared himself to still be president.
Houthis and their allies fought Hadi's forces in the Aden area.
Hadi fled Aden in late March.
Hadi ultimately fled to Saudi Arabia.
Hadi fled when the rebels and their military allies advanced on Aden.
The conflict prompted Saudi Arabia to intervene with force.
Saudi Arabia is a predominately Sunni nation.
Saudi Arabia is Yemen's northern neighbor.
The Houthis are allied with Iran.
Iran is Saudi Arabia's bitter rival across the Persian Gulf.
Riyadh does not want a proxy of Iran in power on its border.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula holds sway in the country's east.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is not the Houthis or the forces loyal to Hadi.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has taken advantage of the chaos to overrun one city.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has broken prisoners out of jail.
Hadi's government had cooperated with the United States to fight Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
The arrangement between Hadi's government and the United States has evaporated with the Houthi takeover.
Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula operates generally unchecked in Yemen.