Online activity has fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media.
The low cost of posting online attracts dissidence.
The lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online.
The phenomenon of online posting is not unique to Asia.
Online posting might seem more pronounced in Asia.
Going online has become the path of least resistance for individuals who want to make themselves heard.
Online posting still brings resistance.
Some resistance to online posting is legal.
Some resistance to online posting is deadly.
Amos Yee is a teenage video blogger.
Amos Yee was arrested and held pending bail on Sunday in Singapore.
Amos Yee drew international attention for his anti-Lee Kuan Yew harangue.
Jailing critics is not usually the government's first choice in Singapore.
The government's use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases is part of Lee Kuan Yew's legacy.
The preferred method of silencing discomfiting online voices in Singapore usually carries heavy financial penalties.
Amos Yee could face up to three years in jail.
Amos Yee is not unique.
Roy Ngerng is another dissident blogger in Singapore.
Roy Ngerng continues to suffer financial and legal pressure.
Roy Ngerng lost his job because of a blog post.
Roy Ngerng's blog post allegedly accused Lee Hsien Loong of corruption.
Roy Ngerng's concern is with the lack of transparency in the management of the Central Provident Fund.
Yee and Ngerng are two of many dissidents.
The Committee To Protect Journalists has a file on Singapore going back to 2000.
The file on Singapore contains a long string of similar cases.
Some cases in the file are against politicians.
Some cases in the file are against citizens frustrated with their government.
Internet activity comes under fire in Malaysia.
Five editors and executives from The Malaysian Insider were arrested on Monday.
The Malaysian Insider was arrested over a report claiming that the Conference of Rulers had rejected a proposal to amend federal law.
The proposal aimed to allow for the introduction of hudud punishments.
Questions of Islamic faith are a third-rail issue in deeply Muslim Malaysia.
Revealing government decisions before they are announced is a third-rail issue in deeply Muslim Malaysia.
China is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world.
A majority of the 44 people behind bars in China at the end of 2014 were bloggers.
Most of the bloggers behind bars in China were Uighur or Tibetan activists.
Uighur or Tibetan activists straddle the line between journalism and activism.
Vietnam is second in Asia for holding journalists in prison.
Vietnam held 16 reporters behind bars as of December 1.
Nguyen Dinh Ngoc was arrested for "law-violating" after police searched his home on December 27.
Nguyen Dinh Ngoc is a prominent blogger.
Nguyen Quang Lap was arrested on anti-state charges of "abusing democratic freedoms."
Hong Le Tho was arrested on anti-state charges of "abusing democratic freedoms."
Only two investigative print reporters remain behind bars in Vietnam.
The cases of the two investigative print reporters date back to 2012 and 2013.
Both investigative print reporters were accused of accepting bribes for dialing back critical news coverage.
Governments across Asia have curtailed Internet freedoms through increasingly restrictive practices.
Restrictive practices include prohibitive laws.
Restrictive practices include heightened surveillance and censorship.
Restrictive practices include threats of imprisonment on various national security-related offenses.
The policy path being followed by most countries in Asia does not look like it will be changing any time soon.
Jailing journalists is one thing.
Watching journalists being killed and doing little or nothing about it is another.
Since 1992, 11% of journalists killed have died for their work online.
The proportion of journalists killed for their work online can be expected to grow.
Most bloggers have not been the targets of murderers.
Bangladesh has recently become the exception regarding bloggers being targeted.
Washiqur Rahman Babu was the second blogger hacked to death in public in Bangladesh in the past five weeks.
Avijit Roy was attacked by assailants wielding sharp weapons while visiting Dhaka.
Avijit Roy was killed.
Rafida Ahmed Bonna was critically injured during the attack on Avijit Roy.
Both Washiqur Rahman Babu and Avijit Roy had written critically on Islamic matters.
The blogger death toll gets higher in Bangladesh if you go back a year or two.
Religious beliefs are not always involved in the killings of bloggers in Bangladesh.
The killings of bloggers in Bangladesh are almost always carried out with near perfect impunity.
Asif Mohiuddin barely survived after being stabbed by Islamists in January 2013.
Asif Mohiuddin wrote critical commentary on religion, Islamist groups, free speech, and human rights.
Ahmed Rajib Haider was hacked to death by members of an Islamist militant group in February 2013.
Ahmed Rajib Haider had written about Islamic fundamentalism and Islamist groups.
Islamist groups called for the execution of bloggers they said had committed blasphemy in 2013.
Arrests were made after the murders of bloggers.
There have been no convictions after the murders of bloggers.
Online journalists operating outside the restraints of mainstream media have become the most vulnerable targets.
Where there is restrictive rule of law, journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom.
Where the rule of law is weak, journalists are vulnerable to the attacks of killers.
Killers seldom, if ever, answer to the rule of law.