The classic video game "Space Invaders" was developed in Japan in the late 1970s.
The real-life counterparts of "Space Invaders" are the topic of a political discussion in Japan's corridors of power.
Japanese people can sleep soundly in their beds tonight.
The government's top military official revealed that the country's Air Self Defense Force (ASDF) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet that his jets had never come across any UFOs from outer space to date.
The Air Self Defense Force scrambles fighter jets if necessary when it detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate Japan's airspace.
The Air Self Defense Force makes visual observations of unidentified flying objects.
The Air Self Defense Force sometimes finds birds or flying objects other than aircraft.
Gen Nakatani does not know of a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come from anywhere other than Earth.
Antonio Inoki is a flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker.
Antonio Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE.
The WWE describes Antonio Inoki as among the most respected men in sports-entertainment.
Antonio Inoki is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization.
Antonio Inoki entered Japan's Upper House for a second stint in politics in 2013.
Antonio Inoki famously fought Muhammad Ali in 1976.
The fight between Antonio Inoki and Muhammad Ali was one of the first-ever mixed-discipline matches.
The fight between Antonio Inoki and Muhammad Ali paved the way for today's wildly popular Mixed Martial Arts contests.
Before his return to politics, Antonio Inoki was a regular fixture on Japanese TV variety shows.
Antonio Inoki has promoted a slew of products, including hot sauce and banks.
Antonio Inoki traveled to Iraq in 1990 to try to secure the release of Japanese hostages.
Antonio Inoki attempted to replicate Dennis Rodman's "basketball diplomacy" by staging a wrestling tournament in North Korea.
Antonio Inoki reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s.
Antonio Inoki says he practices both Islam and Buddhism.
Antonio Inoki is universally known in Japan for his colossal chin.
Antonio Inoki is universally known in Japan for his once-ever-present red scarf.
Antonio Inoki's red scarf is often replaced with a red necktie these days.
Antonio Inoki asked an Upper House Budget Committee meeting if aircraft were ever scrambled to meet extraterrestrial threats.
Antonio Inoki asked if research was being done into alien visitors.
Gen Nakatani responded to Antonio Inoki's questions.
Antonio Inoki claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes.
Antonio Inoki admitted that he didn't know personally if aliens existed.
In 2007, then-Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba dismissed the legal ramifications of extraterrestrial encounters.
The exchange between Antonio Inoki and Gen Nakatani was not the first time Japanese politicians discussed the implications of visitors from another planet.
In 2007, then-Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba pondered the legal ramifications of a defense against an invasion from outer space under Japan's pacifist constitution.
Japan unveiled Izumo, its largest warship since World War II.