Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple.
The head of the NCAA supported religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week.
The religious freedom laws being considered in several states would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers.
Walmart opposed a religious freedom law in its home state of Arkansas.
Walmart's criticism of the religious freedom law came after the company announced it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage.
Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on political issues that divide conservatives and liberals.
Some prominent Republicans are urging the Republican Party to take notice of Walmart's actions.
Tim Pawlenty is the former Governor of Minnesota.
Tim Pawlenty called on the GOP to "be the party of Sam's Club, not just the country club."
Tim Pawlenty told CNN that Walmart's actions foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move.
The Republican Party will have to better stand for ideas on helping the middle class.
Tim Pawlenty is the head of the Financial Services Roundtable.
The Financial Services Roundtable is a Washington lobbying group for the finance industry.
The Republican Party's leaders must be willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers.
The ideas that will help modest income workers include a reasonable increase in the minimum wage.
The ideas that will help modest income workers include prohibiting discrimination against gays and lesbians in jobs, housing, and public accommodation.
Walmart employs more than 50,000 people in Arkansas.
Walmart emerged victorious on Wednesday.
Doug McMillon is the CEO of Walmart.
Doug McMillon called on Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson to veto the bill.
Asa Hutchinson held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed.
Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom law puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party.
Walmart's political action committee has tended to support the Republican Party.
In 2004, the Walmart PAC gave around $2 million to Republicans.
In 2004, the Walmart PAC gave less than $500,000 to Democrats.
The gap between the amounts given to Republicans and Democrats has grown less pronounced in recent years.
In 2014, the Walmart PAC spent about $1.3 million to support Republicans.
In 2014, the Walmart PAC spent around $970,000 to support Democrats.
Walmart bulked up its nondiscrimination policies in 2011 by adding protections for gender identity.
Walmart announced it would start offering health insurance benefits to same-sex partners of employees starting in 2014.
Walmart's evolution on these issues is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base.
Walmart's evolution on these issues is partly a recognition of the country's increasingly progressive views of gay equality.
Support for same-sex marriage is at a new high of 59%, according to a recent Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll.
Dwight Hill is a partner at the retail consulting firm McMillanDoolittle.
Dwight Hill said it is easy for someone like Chick-fil-A to take a polarizing position.
Dwight Hill said that in the world of the largest retailer, taking a polarizing position is very different.
Dwight Hill said that same-sex marriage is becoming more commonplace in the U.S.
Businesses have to follow the trend of their customers.
The backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas is shining a light on the business community's support for workplace policies that promote gay equality.
Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed his state's religious freedom bill into law.
CEOs of companies across the country threatened to pull out of Indiana after the passage of the religious freedom bill.
The resistance to the religious freedom bill came from business leaders of all political persuasions.
Bill Oesterle is the CEO of the business-rating website Angie's List.
Bill Oesterle announced that his company would put plans on hold to expand its footprint in Indianapolis.
NASCAR spoke out against the Indiana law.
Jason Rahlan is a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign.
Jason Rahlan said that the business community is sending the message that equality is good for business and discrimination is bad for business.
The debate over religious freedom laws has reached presidential politics.
National Republicans are being forced to protect religious liberties while supporting nondiscrimination.
Jeb Bush is a likely GOP presidential candidate.
Jeb Bush initially backed Indiana's religious freedom law and Mike Pence.
Jeb Bush moderated his tone a few days after initially backing the law.
Jeb Bush said that Indiana could have taken a better and more consensus-oriented approach.
Jeb Bush referenced Pence's promise to fix Indiana's law in light of the backlash.
Ted Cruz is the only officially declared Republican presidential candidate.
Ted Cruz said he had no interest in second-guessing Mike Pence.
Ted Cruz lashed out at the business community for opposing the law.
Ted Cruz said it is unfortunate that large companies are listening to the extreme left-wing agenda.
Hillary Clinton previously served on Walmart's board of directors.
Hillary Clinton called on Asa Hutchinson to veto the Arkansas bill.
Hillary Clinton said the Arkansas bill would permit unfair discrimination against the LGBT community.
Jay Chesshir is the CEO of the Little Rock Regional Chamber of Commerce in Arkansas.
Jay Chesshir welcomed Asa Hutchinson's pledge to seek changes to the Arkansas bill.
Jay Chesshir said businesses are not afraid to engage in politically controversial debates.
Jay Chesshir said that businesses engage in debate to ensure inclusive workplace policies.
Jay Chesshir said that culture and quality of life are important to businesses.
Jay Chesshir said that issues that have negative or positive impacts on culture and quality of life will prompt the business community to speak loudly.