President Obama's nomination of Loretta Lynch to become the country's first African-American woman attorney general is a historic pick.
Loretta Lynch's confirmation wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate is taking on new historical relevance.
Loretta Lynch's wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate has lasted into its sixth month.
The period between the Senate Judiciary Committee's vote to confirm and the full Senate vote has lasted longer for Loretta Lynch than for any attorney general nominee in recent history.
The Senate has not scheduled a full Senate vote for Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
By the time the Senate returns from Easter recess on Monday, Loretta Lynch's wait will have been longer than the combined wait of the eight previous nominees for the job.
Loretta Lynch is currently the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York.
The Senate Judiciary Committee voted to confirm Loretta Lynch on February 26 by a vote of 12-8.
Republican Senators Orrin Hatch of Utah, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, and Jeff Flake of Arizona joined Democrats in sending Loretta Lynch's nomination to the full Senate.
President Obama nominated Loretta Lynch to replace Attorney General Eric Holder on November 8.
Eric Holder announced plans to leave the post weeks before Loretta Lynch's nomination.
Loretta Lynch's family moved to Durham, North Carolina when Loretta Lynch was a child.
Loretta Lynch's parents have been married for 60 years.
Loretta Lynch's parents still live in Durham, North Carolina.
Loretta Lynch's father, the Rev. Lorenzo Lynch, watched the announcement of her nomination on television.
Lorenzo Lynch believes that the delay in Loretta Lynch's confirmation is discouraging.
Lorenzo Lynch knows that nothing is certain in politics.
Lorenzo Lynch knows that nothing is easy in politics.
Lorenzo Lynch is 82 years old.
Lorenzo Lynch is a retired Baptist preacher.
Lorenzo Lynch was active in the civil rights movement of the 1960s.
Lorenzo Lynch ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Durham in 1973.
Lorenzo Lynch traveled to Washington in late January to attend Loretta Lynch's confirmation hearing before the Judiciary Committee.
Lorenzo Lynch heard a lot at Loretta Lynch's confirmation hearing that he has heard since childhood.
Lorenzo Lynch referred to the "dual system or the dual treatment" in relation to Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
Lorenzo Lynch deferred to the state branch of the NAACP for specific examples regarding Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
E. Lavonia Allison is a Durham activist who has known Loretta Lynch since the family moved to Durham.
E. Lavonia Allison suggested that Loretta Lynch's confirmation vote has been delayed because Loretta Lynch is African-American.
E. Lavonia Allison believes that the delay in Loretta Lynch's confirmation is different from any other person who has been nominated.
Rep. G.K. Butterfield, D-North Carolina, said that race can be considered a major factor in the delay of Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
Rep. G.K. Butterfield also stated that the delay is due to the irrationality of the new Republicans.
Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Illinois, criticized Republicans regarding Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
Sen. Dick Durbin evoked imagery of the segregated South in his criticism of Republicans.
Sen. Dick Durbin stated that Loretta Lynch had been "asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar."
Sen. John McCain criticized Sen. Dick Durbin for questioning the integrity and motivation of Republicans.
Sen. John McCain stated that Sen. Dick Durbin's comments were offensive and unnecessary.
Sen. John McCain believes that Sen. Dick Durbin owes an apology to Loretta Lynch and all Americans.
Lorenzo Lynch believes that Sen. Dick Durbin should be commended for his comments.
Lorenzo Lynch described Sen. Dick Durbin's comments as a poetic description of what has happened.
Senate Republicans deny that the delay in scheduling a vote on Loretta Lynch's nomination is because Loretta Lynch is African-American.
Many Senate Republicans point out that Loretta Lynch, if confirmed, will be replacing the country's first African-American attorney general.
The first African-American attorney general was confirmed by an overwhelming margin.
Senate Republicans and Democrats say that the delay in Loretta Lynch's confirmation is part of an ongoing partisan battle.
Some believe that the delay is part of a fight over a human trafficking bill that has stalled in the Senate.
Others believe that the delay is retaliation for President Obama's 2014 executive actions on immigration.
FiveThirtyEight.com predicted that whoever President Obama nominated would likely face at least a moderately tough confirmation hearing in the Senate.
Some of Loretta Lynch's supporters across North Carolina have organized to convince the state's two Republican senators to support Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
In March, several dozen North Carolina women, led by the NAACP, traveled to Washington to meet with Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis.
The meeting between the North Carolina women and Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis lasted nearly an hour.
The meeting between the North Carolina women and Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis was very cordial.
The group blasted Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis for opposing Loretta Lynch's nomination at a news conference at the Washington Press Club.
E. Lavonia Allison stated that it is time for Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis to act like they have some sense.
E. Lavonia Allison believes it is past time for Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis to support Loretta Lynch's nomination.
E. Lavonia Allison stated that Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis have embarrassed the state of North Carolina.
Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis released a statement after the meeting with the North Carolina women.
Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis remain concerned with Loretta Lynch's stated desire to lead the Department of Justice in the same manner as Eric Holder.
Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis will not be supporting Loretta Lynch's nomination.
Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis expressed gratitude that the group came to Washington to talk about the issue and exchange ideas.
The NAACP organized protests outside Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis' offices in Raleigh, Charlotte, and Wilmington.
Rev. William Barber II, North Carolina NAACP Branch President, believes there is a much deeper analysis regarding Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
Rev. William Barber II believes that if Loretta Lynch had been Clarence Thomas, she would have been confirmed.
Rev. William Barber II stated that Loretta Lynch's courage, character, and commitment to the law are what some people fear.
Lorenzo Lynch carried his daughter, Loretta Lynch, to several civil rights marches on his shoulders.
Lorenzo Lynch did not think that much of the recent progress of African-Americans was possible when he was fighting for equal rights.
Lorenzo Lynch's small living room is filled with stacks of loosely organized newspaper stories about Loretta Lynch's nomination.
Lorenzo Lynch's small living room contains photos of his visit to the White House.
Lorenzo Lynch has never told his only daughter, Loretta Lynch, that he is proud of her.
Lorenzo Lynch is sure that Loretta Lynch knows he is proud of her.
Lorenzo Lynch plans to tell Loretta Lynch that he is proud of her soon, regardless of the outcome of her pending nomination.