Mindy Kaling is known from Fox's comedy "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Kaling plays the character Mindy Lahiri in "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Lahiri is an OB/GYN.
Mindy Lahiri juggles her career and love life in New York.
Mindy Kaling's show "The Mindy Project" was a breakthrough for on-screen representation.
"The Mindy Project" is the first network sitcom created by a woman of color.
"The Mindy Project" is likely to be renewed for the 2015-16 season.
Vijay Chokalingam is Mindy Kaling's brother.
Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a project of his own.
Vijay Chokalingam's project has been getting a lot of attention.
Vijay Chokalingam's project has not generated as many laughs as "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Kaling told Vijay Chokalingam that his project brought shame upon their family.
Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American.
Vijay Chokalingam engaged in a scam while an undergraduate at the University of Chicago.
Vijay Chokalingam spent his college years as a hard-partying frat boy.
Vijay Chokalingam achieved a GPA of 3.1.
Fellow Indian-Americans with a GPA of 3.1 were getting turned down from medical schools.
Black, Hispanic, and Native American applicants with a GPA of 3.1 were more likely to gain acceptance.
Vijay Chokalingam decided to pose as a black man to improve his chances of admission.
Vijay Chokalingam's decision aimed to illustrate the unfair advantage that underrepresented minorities receive.
Vijay Chokalingam shaved his head to accomplish his goal.
Vijay Chokalingam trimmed his long Indian-American eyelashes.
Vijay Chokalingam checked "black" under the optional race/ethnicity declaration.
Vijay Chokalingam submitted his application to 14 medical schools.
Vijay Chokalingam received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 medical schools.
Vijay Chokalingam claims that his interview results support the notion that African-Americans receive special privileges.
Vijay Chokalingam's act of fraud has a statute of limitations that has expired.
Vijay Chokalingam is looking to write a book titled "Almost Black: The True Story of an Indian American Who Got Into Medical School Pretending to Be an African American."
Chokalingam believes that affirmative action is a form of systematic racism.
Chokalingam claims that affirmative action offers little evidence of privilege for black, Hispanic, and Native American candidates.
Vijay Chokalingam had mediocre grades and MCAT scores.
Vijay Chokalingam graduated from one of the most prestigious schools in the nation.
Vijay Chokalingam received multiple admission offers from St. Louis University's School of Medicine.
St. Louis University's School of Medicine ranks between 57th and 67th nationally.
Harvard University rejected Vijay Chokalingam's application.
The University of Pennsylvania rejected Vijay Chokalingam's application.
Columbia University rejected Vijay Chokalingam's application.
All higher-ranked schools that Vijay Chokalingam applied to rejected him.
Vijay Chokalingam was accused of shoplifting by store clerks.
Vijay Chokalingam was harassed by police while driving.
Police regularly stopped Vijay Chokalingam while driving.
Police demanded that Vijay Chokalingam tell them how much his car cost.
Police implied that Vijay Chokalingam must have stolen his car.
Vijay Chokalingam experienced acts of prejudice regularly.
Acts of prejudice experienced by Vijay Chokalingam are experienced by blacks and Hispanics of all backgrounds.
Chris Rock has tweeted pictures of being pulled over by police for no reason.
Vijay Chokalingam maintains a belief in the unfairness of a system that seeks to address low numbers of minority health practitioners.
The system seeks to provide some weight to race and ethnicity in decision-making.
One-third of Americans are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
One in 10 physicians is black, Hispanic, or Native American.
Minority medical practitioners are up to three times as likely to practice in their own communities.
The lack of diversity in medicine has produced doctor deserts.
Doctor deserts are urban and rural ethnic enclaves without access to primary care physicians.
Vijay Chokalingam's father is a doctor.
Vijay Chokalingam's father comes from a long line of doctors.
Vijay Chokalingam's father believes that medicine is a service trade.
Vijay Chokalingam's father believes that anyone not interested in serving should avoid the profession.
A medical degree is a responsibility to be accepted.
Vijay Chokalingam's racial farce is sad.
Others have been exposed for falsely claiming racial identities.
Jeb Bush registered himself as Hispanic on a 2009 voter form.
Elizabeth Warren was excoriated during her campaign for claiming Native American ancestry.
Vijay Chokalingam wanted to claim the benefits of racial affiliation without carrying the burden of black people.
Race is not just about color or blood.
Race is about the collective experiences and inherited cultural context of a community.
Many markers of race are persistently corrosive.
Some markers of race are deeply painful.
Affirmative action programs are a means of redress for the realities of the nation's history.
Affirmative action programs are imperfect but necessary.
Some fields may never correct imbalances on their own.
Industries like health care and Hollywood may never correct imbalances.
Asians are well represented in medicine.
Asians are vanishingly low in the entertainment and media world.
Mindy Kaling is a modern pioneer in entertainment.
Mindy Kaling's talent and charisma made her a star.
NBC's Diversity Writers Program is a quota-based affirmative action initiative.
NBC's Diversity Writers Program gave Mindy Kaling a start.