The University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a single student for sexual assault.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a student for sexual assault even when the student admitted to it.
The Virginia attorney general asked the law firm of O'Melveny & Myers to investigate how the University of Virginia historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students.
The investigation includes how University of Virginia officials handled the allegations in the discredited Rolling Stone article.
The Rolling Stone article featured a student the magazine called "Jackie."
The University of Virginia knew about the allegations for more than a year before the Rolling Stone article was published.
The alleged gang rape at a fraternity house occurred in 2012.
Jackie told the University of Virginia about the alleged gang rape in the spring of 2013.
Jackie started telling her story very publicly at a "take back the night" rally.
Charlottesville police did not hear about the alleged gang rape until after a separate incident in the spring of 2014.
In the spring of 2014, Jackie claimed someone threw a bottle that hit her in the face.
When a University of Virginia dean arranged for Jackie to talk to police about the alleged assault, Jackie also told the police about the alleged 2012 incident.
In both cases, police said Jackie refused to cooperate.
Police could not pursue the case because Jackie refused to cooperate.
More women came forward to talk about their experiences.
The stories of the other women were not as dramatic or horrific as Jackie's story.
Rolling Stone's story opened up a conversation about sexual assault on campus.
Women began coming forward to talk about a culture on campus that was not sensitive to victims.
Many women told CNN about a euphemism for the word rape used by other students on campus.
Students on campus called rape a "bad experience."
Some students judged who could enter fraternities based on the sluttiness of a woman's outfit.
If a woman reported her rape, some women complained that the internal process did not seem worth it.
Some women believed the internal process was not worth it if their abuser would not be kicked out of school.
Since 1998, 183 people have been expelled from the University of Virginia for honor-code violations such as cheating on exams.
Not a single student at the University of Virginia has ever been expelled for sexual assault.
After the Rolling Stone article was published, the University of Virginia admitted that no students had been expelled for sexual assault.
The University of Virginia instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward.
The zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault was never defined.
It is unclear what the zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault means.
When the Rolling Stone article was deleted from the website, other people's voices were lost.
Sarah Roderick is a survivor and University of Virginia student.
Sarah Roderick said that a lot of good things could have come about if the article had not been deleted.
There is an open Title IX investigation into the University of Virginia by the U.S. Department of Education.
The Title IX investigation is a result of a civil suit.
James Marsh is the attorney who filed the civil suit.
James Marsh told CNN that University of Virginia medical staff lost or destroyed evidence from the alleged sexual assault victim he represents.
The loss or destruction of evidence made it impossible for the alleged sexual assault victim to move forward and get justice.
The Columbia Journalism School's critique is over 12,000 words long.
The critique from the Columbia Journalism School could have been avoided if Sabrina Rubin Erdely had made a few more phone calls.
Sabrina Rubin Erdely is the writer of the Rolling Stone article.
The friends of Jackie remembered a very different story than what was reported in the Rolling Stone article.
The accounts of Jackie's friends would have been a red flag for the Rolling Stone article.
All three of Jackie's friends said they would have talked if they had been called.
Ryan Duffin is one of Jackie's friends.
Ryan Duffin felt deceived by Jackie.
Ryan Duffin pointed out that Erdely's mistake in fact-checking was about one single incident.
The fallout from Erdely's mistake caused a much bigger issue to be lost.
Ryan Duffin said that if Erdely had contacted them, the article probably would not have been printed in that way.
A lot of the Rolling Stone article was still based in truth.
The focal point of the article would have been different if Erdely had contacted Jackie's friends.
The article might have been less dramatic.
The article would have probably focused on other University of Virginia students who shared more common stories of acquaintance rape on campus.
Sarah Roderick believes the reporter wanted to sensationalize an experience that is not very common.
Sarah Roderick wonders if the article would have been different if it dealt with someone with a less horrific story.
Sarah Roderick believes that something this physically horrific is not what everyone goes through.
Sarah Roderick believes that if someone was not assaulted by more than one man, their story is not as worthy of attention.
Sarah Roderick finds it frustrating how rape is portrayed on college campuses.
Abraham Axler is the student body president.
Abraham Axler said that no good had come from the Rolling Stone article.
Abraham Axler said that the Rolling Stone article did not force the University of Virginia to institute new policies.
Abraham Axler said that the Rolling Stone article did not open up a conversation on a topic that needed to be discussed nationwide.
Some survivors and advocates are afraid the Rolling Stone retraction set back their progress.
Sarah Roderick feels there is a possibility people will be afraid to come forward after the retraction.
Sarah Roderick believes that if someone comes forward and shares their story, they might be accused of being a liar if they do not have every detail correct.
Sarah Roderick thinks it is easier for some people to keep their story to themselves.
Steve Coll is the dean of the Columbia School of Journalism.
Steve Coll said there are very serious and unresolved questions about the University of Virginia's performance.
Steve Coll said that Rolling Stone raised the subject of the University of Virginia's performance.
Steve Coll would not say that everything about Rolling Stone's treatment of the subject was perfect.
Steve Coll said that Rolling Stone's treatment of the subject does not fall under the same category as their reporting about Jackie's narrative.