Richard Dysart was an Emmy-winning actor.
Richard Dysart portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the NBC drama "L.A. Law."
Richard Dysart died.
Richard Dysart was 86 years old at the time of his death.
Richard Dysart died at home in Santa Monica.
Richard Dysart died after a long illness.
Kathryn Jacobi is Richard Dysart's wife.
Richard Dysart played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of "That Championship Season."
"That Championship Season" won the Pulitzer Prize.
"L.A. Law" aired for eight seasons.
"L.A. Law" aired from 1986 to 1994.
Richard Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years.
Richard Dysart won the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series in 1992.
Steven Bochco created "L.A. Law."
David E. Kelley eventually took over "L.A. Law" from Steven Bochco.
Richard Dysart's character was the founder of the firm McKenzie, Brackman, Chaney and Kuzak.
Richard Dysart was found in bed with power-hungry competitor Rosalind Shays.
Diana Muldaur played Rosalind Shays.
Richard Dysart was one of the few actors to appear in every episode of "L.A. Law."
Richard Dysart limned Harry Truman in the CBS telefilm "Day One."
"Day One" aired in 1989.
Richard Dysart limned Harry Truman in the ABC miniseries "War and Remembrance."
"War and Remembrance" aired in 1989.
Richard Dysart portrayed Henry L. Stimson in the HBO telefilm "Truman."
"Truman" starred Gary Sinise.
Richard Dysart played the Secretary of Defense in "Meteor."
"Meteor" was released in 1979.
Richard Dysart performed extensively in the medical field in movies.
Richard Dysart performed enough doctor roles to perhaps qualify to practice medicine.
Richard Dysart's two most memorable doctor roles came in classic satires.
Richard Dysart appeared in Paddy Chayevsky's "The Hospital."
"The Hospital" was released in 1971.
George C. Scott starred in "The Hospital."
Richard Dysart appeared in "Being There."
"Being There" was released in 1979.
Richard Dysart played a doctor who died a gruesome death in John Carpenter's "The Thing."
"The Thing" was released in 1982.
Richard Dysart portrayed a physician in "The Terminal Man."
"The Terminal Man" was released in 1974.
Richard Dysart portrayed a physician in "The Falcon and the Snowman."
"The Falcon and the Snowman" was released in 1985.
Richard Dysart portrayed a physician in "Warning Sign."
"Warning Sign" was released in 1985.
Richard Dysart portrayed J. Edgar Hoover in the USA telefilm "Marilyn & Bobby: Her Final Affair."
"Marilyn & Bobby: Her Final Affair" was released in 1993.
Richard Dysart portrayed J. Edgar Hoover in Mario Van Peebles' "Panther."
"Panther" was released in 1995.
Richard Dysart excelled as cranky coots and shifty sorts.
Richard Dysart portrayed a motel receptionist in Richard Lester's "Petulia."
"Petulia" was released in 1968.
Richard Dysart was the bad guy who battled Clint Eastwood in "Pale Rider."
"Pale Rider" was released in 1985.
Richard Dysart stood out as a power player in Oliver Stone's "Wall Street."
"Wall Street" was released in 1987.
Richard Dysart sold barbwire in "Back to the Future III."
"Back to the Future III" was released in 1990.
Richard Dysart was born on March 30, 1929.
Richard Dysart was born in Boston.
Richard Dysart was raised in Maine.
Richard Dysart attended the Gould Academy in Bethel, Maine, for a year.
Richard Dysart served in the U.S. Air Force.
Richard Dysart attended Emerson College.
Richard Dysart graduated with a master's degree in speech communications.
Richard Dysart was interested in a career in radio.
Richard Dysart became fascinated with radio in first grade.
Richard Dysart was bedridden for a year because of rheumatic fever.
Richard Dysart was tempted by acting.
Richard Dysart moved to New York on a whim.
Richard Dysart landed minor roles on TV.
Richard Dysart had a part in an off-Broadway production of "The Iceman Cometh."
Richard Dysart acted opposite Jason Robards in "The Iceman Cometh."
Richard Dysart joined the American Conservatory Theater in the mid-1960s.
Richard Dysart toured the country doing plays.
Richard Dysart landed roles on Broadway in "All in Good Time."
Richard Dysart landed roles on Broadway in "The Little Foxes."
Richard Dysart landed roles on Broadway in "A Place Without Doors."
Richard Dysart received a Drama Desk Award for his performance in "That Championship Season."
Richard Dysart's credits include an eclectic array of movies.
Richard Dysart's credits include "The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder."
"The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder" was released in 1974.
Richard Dysart's credits include "The Day of the Locust."
"The Day of the Locust" was released in 1975.
Richard Dysart's credits include "The Hindenburg."
"The Hindenburg" was released in 1975.
Richard Dysart's credits include "An Enemy of the People."
"An Enemy of the People" was released in 1978.
Richard Dysart's credits include "Prophecy."
"Prophecy" was released in 1979.
Richard Dysart's credits include "Mask."
"Mask" was released in 1985.
Richard Dysart's credits include "Hard Rain."
"Hard Rain" was released in 1998.
Richard Dysart was top-notch in the telefilm "The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman."
"The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" was released in 1974.
Richard Dysart was top-notch in the telefilm "The People vs. Jean Harris."
"The People vs. Jean Harris" was released in 1981.
Richard Dysart portrayed Dwight D. Eisenhower in "The Last Days of Patton."
"The Last Days of Patton" was released in 1986.
Richard Dysart portrayed studio chief Louis B. Mayer in "Malice in Wonderland."
"Malice in Wonderland" was released in 1985.
Richard Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for two straight years.
Richard Dysart's survivors include his stepson Arie.
Richard Dysart's survivors include his daughter-in-law Jeannine Jacobi.
Richard Dysart's survivors include his mother-in-law Lenore.
Richard Dysart's survivors include his brother and sister-in-law Nadine and John Jacobi.
Richard Dysart's survivors include his grandchildren Abby and Levi.
A private memorial for Richard Dysart is being planned.
Richard Dysart's family requests donations be made to the Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum.
The Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum is an outdoor theater in Topanga Canyon in the Los Angeles area.
Richard Dysart and Kathryn Jacobi had a second home in the forests of British Columbia.
Richard Dysart was lured out of retirement for his last onscreen appearance.
Richard Dysart's last onscreen appearance was in the "L.A. Law" reunion telefilm of 2002.
Richard Dysart said "They remain timely, with cases about points of law that are still current" in a 2002 interview.
Richard Dysart said "[The show] was also one of the fathers of yuppiedom" in a 2002 interview.
Richard Dysart said "It was very much of the times, and very Los Angeles" in a 2002 interview.
Richard Dysart said "It holds up as well as any series I know" in a 2002 interview.