A Connecticut teen has been forced to have chemotherapy to treat Hodgkin lymphoma.
The Connecticut teen will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being.
Josh Michtom is the attorney for the Connecticut teen.
A Connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision on Wednesday.
The judge denied a motion to let the Connecticut teen, identified in court documents as "Cassandra C.," go home.
The judge denied a motion for visitation.
Cassandra C. is 17 years old.
Cassandra C. is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemotherapy treatments.
On March 16, Josh Michtom tried to convince the court that Cassandra C. should be able to return to her mother's home.
Josh Michtom argued that Cassandra C. was no longer at imminent risk of harm from her illness.
Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor represent Cassandra C.'s mother, Jackie Fortin.
Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor released a written statement after receiving the judge's decision on Wednesday.
Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor are disappointed in the judge's ruling.
The judge's ruling draws a factual conclusion that is directly contradicted by the weight of the evidence.
Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor are conferring with their clients about next steps.
Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor are considering whether to take another appeal.
Cassandra C. was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September.
Medical experts gave Cassandra C. an 85% chance of survival if treated with chemotherapy.
Without chemotherapy, doctors said Cassandra C. was likely to die within two years.
Cassandra C. started chemotherapy in November.
Cassandra C. ran away after two days of chemotherapy.
Cassandra C. decided she did not want to put the poison of the treatment into her body.
In December, a judge ordered Cassandra C. to be under the custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families.
At that time, Cassandra C. was admitted to Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford.
Cassandra C. has remained at Connecticut Children's Medical Center since then.
Doctors surgically implanted a port in Cassandra C.'s chest to administer chemotherapy medications.
Chemotherapy medications began in spite of legal maneuvers to halt them.
Cassandra C. is feeling well.
Cassandra C. is in good shape as far as her health is concerned.
Josh Michtom stated that the side effects of the treatment weren't bad for Cassandra C.
Cassandra C. has been well-treated by the nurses and doctors.
Cassandra C. wants to complete the treatment.
Cassandra C.'s treatment is scheduled to continue for several more months.
Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor failed in their effort before the Connecticut Supreme Court.
Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor tried to make the case that Cassandra C. was mature enough to make her own medical decisions.
Joette Katz is the commissioner of the Department of Children and Families.
Joette Katz told CNN in March that the agency is very pleased with Cassandra C.'s progress toward a complete recovery.
Joette Katz stated that the agency understands how difficult this has been for Cassandra C. and her family.
Joette Katz stated that the agency has had full confidence that the medical professionals involved in Cassandra C.'s treatment would be successful in saving her life.
The Department of Children and Families has denied CNN's request to speak with Cassandra C. or her physicians.
According to Josh Michtom, the Department of Children and Families could have withdrawn its position for an order of custody.
The Department of Children and Families has not withdrawn its position for an order of custody.
The Department of Children and Families sees Cassandra C. as a flight risk.
Cassandra C. has run away before.
Representatives for the Department of Children and Families have said in court that they will withdraw their pending neglect petition once Cassandra C. completes her last round of chemotherapy.
Cassandra C.'s last round of chemotherapy is expected around the end of April.
Cassandra C. will be allowed to return home after completing her last round of chemotherapy.
For now, Cassandra C. is said to spend her days reading.
For now, Cassandra C. is said to spend her days watching TV.
For now, Cassandra C. is said to spend her days drawing.
Josh Michtom stated that the hospital is effectively jail.