The graffiti was written in a French chalk quarry.
The graffiti dates back almost 100 years.
The graffiti is plain and stark.
One inscription reads "HJ Leach. Merely a private. 13/7/16. SA Australia."
Another inscription reads "HA Deanate, 148th Aero Squadron, USA. 150 Vermilyea Ave, New York City."
A third inscription reads "9th Batt Australians, G. Fitzhenry, Paddington, Sydney, N.S.W., 1916 July; Alistair Ross, Lismore, July."
The soldiers were World War I soldiers.
There were four World War I soldiers whose writings have recently been found.
Almost 2,000 World War I soldiers' writings have recently been found.
The writings were found underneath battlefields near Naours, France.
Naours, France is about 120 miles north of Paris.
Photographer Jeff Gusky has been chronicling details of the site.
Jeff Gusky describes the inscriptions as "breathtaking."
Jeff Gusky describes the underground city in which the inscriptions were found as "breathtaking."
Jeff Gusky works as an ER doctor.
Jeff Gusky lives in East Texas.
Jeff Gusky is a National Geographic photographer.
Jeff Gusky has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls "The Hidden World of WWI."
The underground city extends for miles in some directions.
The underground city dates back centuries.
The underground city was sealed up in the 18th century.
The underground city was rediscovered in the late 19th century.
During World War I, soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out rooms and pathways of the underground city.
The front was sometimes mere miles away from the underground city.
The Battle of the Somme was fought nearby in 1916.
The Battle of the Somme is one of the bloodiest battles in world history.
The land was privately owned for many years.
The land was generally off-limits to outsiders.
The land changed hands in 2013.
A consortium of villages purchased the rights to operate the land.
The consortium of villages wanted to promote awareness of the area's history.
Researching the underground city is a painstaking task.
The underground city is well-lit.
Observers can easily see what is in the underground city without exploring.
The maze-like extensiveness of the underground city has made discovery a slow process.
The underground city goes on and on and on.
The underground city is elaborate in some places.
There are maps carved into stone in the underground city.
The maps were carved into stone so the soldiers wouldn't get lost.
The graffiti looks like it was written yesterday.
Jeff Gusky has noted 1,821 names in the graffiti.
About 40% of the names in the graffiti are Australian.
Most of the other names in the graffiti are identified as British.
Fifty-five names in the graffiti are Americans.
662 names in the graffiti have yet to be traced.
The graffiti provides a human connection with men who lived a century ago.
In many cases, the men just wanted to be remembered.
Someone could be in the underground city one day and the next fighting at the front.
Leach was "merely a private."
Leach was killed a month later in battle.
Jeff Gusky observed that it could very well have been the last time Leach recorded his name as a living, breathing human being.