Beijing's state prosecutors formally charged Zhou Yongkang with accepting bribes.
Zhou Yongkang is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges.
Zhou Yongkang is 72 years old.
Zhou Yongkang was charged with abuse of power.
Zhou Yongkang was charged with leaking state secrets.
The Supreme People's Procuratorate is the highest prosecution authority in China.
Zhou Yongkang was a member of the ruling Communist Party's Politburo Standing Committee.
The Politburo Standing Committee is China's top decision-making body.
Zhou Yongkang was one of nine men who effectively ruled China.
China has more than 1.3 billion people.
Zhou Yongkang retired in 2012.
Zhou Yongkang controlled police forces across China.
Zhou Yongkang controlled spy agencies across China.
Zhou Yongkang controlled court systems across China.
Zhou Yongkang controlled prosecution offices across China.
Zhou Yongkang deployed his vast assets to crush dissent and unrest.
Zhou Yongkang aimed to preserve social stability.
Prosecutors accused Zhou Yongkang of taking advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others.
Prosecutors accused Zhou Yongkang of illegally accepting huge amounts of money.
Zhou Yongkang's alleged actions caused heavy losses to public assets.
Zhou Yongkang's alleged actions greatly harmed national interests.
Zhou Yongkang was notified of his legal rights during the investigation.
Zhou Yongkang's lawyer's views were heard during the investigation.
Zhou Yongkang's case will be tried in Tianjin.
Tianjin is a city near Beijing.
The president of China's supreme court stated there would be no trials for accused former leaders like Zhou Yongkang.
The charge of leaking state secrets may allow authorities to shield certain legal proceedings from public view in Zhou Yongkang's case.
Zhou Yongkang has not been seen in public since October 2013.
Zhou Yongkang attended an anniversary event at his alma mater in October 2013.
Zhou Yongkang was expelled from the Communist Party.
Zhou Yongkang was arrested last December.
State media painted an intricate web of officials, cronies, and tycoons orbiting around Zhou Yongkang.
Some officials, cronies, and tycoons orbiting around Zhou Yongkang have alleged mafia connections.
Zhou Yongkang and his family members accumulated enormous wealth.
Zhou Yongkang's wealth was a blatant exchange between money and power.
Zhou Yongkang was found to have affairs with multiple women.
Zhou Yongkang allegedly traded power for sex.
Analysts viewed Zhou Yongkang's downfall as a watershed moment in Chinese politics.
President Xi Jinping rules China.
President Xi Jinping has been spearheading a massive anti-corruption campaign.
President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign targets high-ranking officials.
President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign targets low-level officials.
Zhou Yongkang is the biggest tiger caught in Xi Jinping's dragnet to date.
Xi Jinping has proven he is powerful enough to break the taboo of never incriminating former Politburo Standing Committee members.
Willy Lam is a longtime political analyst.
Willy Lam is a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
Willy Lam predicted a suspended death sentence for Zhou Yongkang.
Many observers note Zhou Yongkang's patronage of Bo Xilai.
Bo Xilai is a former Communist leader.
Bo Xilai was sentenced to life in prison for corruption in 2013.
Bo Xilai's downfall attracted global attention.
Bo Xilai's downfall included tales of murder, bribery, and betrayal.
State media cited Bo Xilai's conviction as a prime example of Xi Jinping's resolve to clean up the party.
Bo Xilai's supporters have long called him a political victim.
Bo Xilai was once considered Xi Jinping's main challenger for the top spot of Chinese leadership.
Political watchers see similarities between the Bo Xilai and Zhou Yongkang cases.
People being investigated for corruption are on the losing side of factional struggles.