The Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday.
The membership gives the International Criminal Court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.
Israel supported the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
The United States supported the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
The formal accession was marked with a ceremony at The Hague.
The Hague is located in the Netherlands.
The Palestinians signed the ICC's founding Rome Statute in January.
The Palestinians accepted the ICC's jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in the occupied Palestinian territory.
The jurisdiction includes East Jerusalem.
The jurisdiction covers alleged crimes committed since June 13, 2014.
The ICC opened a preliminary examination into the situation in Palestinian territories later that month.
The preliminary examination paves the way for possible war crimes investigations against Israelis.
As members of the court, Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges.
Israel is not a member of the International Criminal Court.
The United States is not a member of the International Criminal Court.
Israel opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
The United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki spoke at Wednesday's ceremony.
Riad al-Malki said the membership was a move toward greater justice.
Riad al-Malki stated that Palestine formally became a State Party to the Rome Statute.
Riad al-Malki said the world is a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice.
Judge Kuniko Ozaki is a vice president of the International Criminal Court.
Judge Kuniko Ozaki said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the Palestinians.
Judge Kuniko Ozaki stated that the Rome Statute entered into force for the State of Palestine.
Palestine acquires all the rights that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute.
Palestine acquires all the responsibilities that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute.
The commitments associated with the Rome Statute are substantive.
The commitments associated with the Rome Statute cannot be taken lightly.
Human Rights Watch welcomed the development.
Balkees Jarrah is the international justice counsel for Human Rights Watch.
Balkees Jarrah said that governments seeking to penalize Palestine for joining the ICC should immediately end their pressure.
Balkees Jarrah stated that countries that support universal acceptance of the court's treaty should speak out to welcome Palestine's membership.
Balkees Jarrah said that attempts to undermine international justice are objectionable.
Balkees Jarrah stated that Palestine's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries are members is not objectionable.
In January, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the preliminary ICC examination as an outrage.
Benjamin Netanyahu said the court was overstepping its boundaries.
The United States said it strongly disagreed with the court's decision.
The State Department stated that it does not believe that Palestine is a state.
The State Department stated that it does not believe that Palestine is eligible to join the ICC.
The State Department urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations.
The State Department stated that it will continue to oppose actions against Israel at the ICC.
The State Department described opposing actions against Israel at the ICC as counterproductive to the cause of peace.
The ICC refers to the territories as "Palestine."
A preliminary examination is not a formal investigation.
A preliminary examination allows the court to review evidence.
A preliminary examination allows the court to determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides.
Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said her office would conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality.
The war between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead.
The inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since June.
The International Criminal Court was set up in 2002.
The International Criminal Court was set up to prosecute genocide.
The International Criminal Court was set up to prosecute crimes against humanity.
The International Criminal Court was set up to prosecute war crimes.