Tokyo has prominent districts.
Shibuya ward is one of Tokyo's most prominent districts.
Shibuya ward passed an ordinance on Wednesday.
The ordinance paves the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples.
Same-sex couples will be allowed some of the rights of married heterosexual couples.
Same-sex partners who are registered with Shibuya's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals.
Same-sex partners who are registered with Shibuya's ward office will be able to co-sign tenancy agreements.
Joint filing of taxes is controlled by the federal government.
Joint filing of taxes is outside the remit of individual municipalities.
The measure was proposed in February by Shibuya's mayor, Toshitake Kuwahara.
The certificates will not be issued until later in the summer.
The certificates are not legally binding.
Proponents of marriage equality in Japan believe that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
Gon Matsunaka is a gay rights activist.
Gon Matsunaka stated that the certificates are not a marriage license.
Gon Matsunaka stated that advantages will be limited.
Gon Matsunaka stated that the certificates are still better than nothing.
Shibuya's decision does not equate to heterosexual marriage.
The hope is that the move will promote marriage equality for gay communities.
Matsunaka stated that the ruling will make the LGBT community visible in society.
Matsunaka stated that the ruling could be a strong driver for Shibuya citizens to learn about LGBT issues.
Taiga Ishikawa is a Tokyo councillor.
Taiga Ishikawa is the first male gay local assembly member in Japan.
Taiga Ishikawa stated that the ordinance is a big first step for the protection of human rights.
Taiga Ishikawa called the decision disappointing.
Taiga Ishikawa stated that the decision must go alongside education about alternative lifestyles.
Taiga Ishikawa stated that the most important part of the announcement is that it should be put into practice.
Taiga Ishikawa stated that education for understanding LGBT individuals is especially important.
Taiga Ishikawa stated that LGBT individuals suffer as they find out their sexuality when they are young.
Setagaya ward has indicated that it would look into following Shibuya's lead.
Former councilor Ishikawa cautioned against taking the movement's momentum for granted.
Ishikawa stated that a national law has to be made to realize equal rights for gay couples.
Outright discrimination against the LGBT community is rare in Japan.
The effects of discrimination against the LGBT community can be hidden.
Gay people often find themselves at a disadvantage.
Many gay people hide their sexuality from their employers.
Many gay people hide their sexuality from their co-workers.
Many gay people hide their sexuality from their families.
Many gay people hide their sexuality from their friends.
A recent poll found that a slight majority at 52.4% oppose gay marriage.
Support for gay marriage among young adults in their 20s and 30s is as high as 70%.
An editorial in the Asahi Shimbun newspaper welcomed the Shibuya decision.
The Asahi Shimbun newspaper called the Shibuya decision a bold and important step forward.
Only traditional marriages are recognized under Japan's constitution.
The wording of Japan's constitution is vague enough to open it to interpretation.
Mari Miura is a professor of gender and politics at Sophia University in Tokyo.
Mari Miura stated that the constitution does not rule out same-sex marriage.
Mari Miura stated that an interpretation can be made that same-sex marriage is constitutional.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the ruling Liberal Democratic Party do not like the idea of same-sex marriage.
The issue of same-sex marriage is gaining momentum.
Conservative groups were vocal in their opposition to same-sex marriage.
One conservative group is known as the Network Pushing for Normalization of Education.
The Network Pushing for Normalization of Education stated that granting same-sex couples the same rights as all other Japanese citizens would degrade the familial system.
The familial system has long preserved heterosexual unions in human history.
Shibuya's registration system will be a first for Japan.
Yodogawa ward in Osaka was the first ward in Japan to recognize and support the LGBT community.
In 2013, Yodogawa ward pledged to give consideration to the issues that the LGBT community faced.
Yodogawa ward pledged to train staff to accommodate needs specific to LGBT individuals.
Chie Kobayashi is a journalist.
Chie Kobayashi contributed reporting from Tokyo.