Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions.
Benjamin Netanyahu sees better options than "this bad deal or war."
Benjamin Netanyahu thinks there is a third alternative.
Benjamin Netanyahu believes the third alternative is standing firm.
Benjamin Netanyahu believes in ratcheting up the pressure until a better deal is achieved.
Benjamin Netanyahu spoke to Jim Acosta on CNN's "State of the Union."
Democrats and Republicans are sparring over the framework announced last week.
The framework announced last week aims to lift Western sanctions on Iran.
Iran is expected to drop from 19,000 to 5,060 active centrifuges.
Iran is expected to limit its highly enriched uranium.
Iran is expected to increase inspections.
President Barack Obama rejected the deal.
President Barack Obama stated the deal was better than the alternatives.
GOP contenders for the party's 2016 presidential nomination lambasted the deal.
GOP contenders believe the deal gives Iran too much flexibility.
One Senate Democrat said Benjamin Netanyahu needs to "contain himself."
A top Republican said almost any of President Obama's successors could do better.
Benjamin Netanyahu's most recent argument against the Iran nuclear deal was similar to a previous argument made in March.
Benjamin Netanyahu addressed a joint session of Congress during a March trip to Washington.
Benjamin Netanyahu fueled a Republican push to have the deal sent to Congress before implementation.
The deal does not roll back Iran's nuclear program.
The deal keeps a vast nuclear infrastructure in place.
Not a single centrifuge is destroyed by the deal.
Not a single nuclear facility is shut down by the deal.
The underground facilities that Iran built illicitly are not shut down by the deal.
Thousands of centrifuges will keep spinning and enriching uranium.
Benjamin Netanyahu described the deal as a very bad deal.
Benjamin Netanyahu stated Iran is a country of "congenital cheating."
Benjamin Netanyahu believes Iran can't be trusted to abide by the terms of the deal.
The deal lasts 10 years with some provisions extending beyond that.
Benjamin Netanyahu's opposition to the deal has little to do with his frosty relationship with President Obama.
Benjamin Netanyahu believes there can be a legitimate difference of opinion on the deal.
Benjamin Netanyahu thinks Iran has shown to be completely distrustful.
Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein of California wishes Benjamin Netanyahu would contain himself.
Dianne Feinstein is the top-ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee.
Dianne Feinstein stated negotiators working on the deal are "on the cusp of something that can be workable."
The deal is a framework.
The framework has to be wrapped into a final agreement.
There can still be some changes to the framework.
Dianne Feinstein does not think it is helpful for Israel to oppose the opportunity to change a major dynamic.
The major dynamic in this part of the world is downhill.
Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz defended the deal on CBS' "Face the Nation."
The deal would extend the "breakout" time period from two months to one year.
The "breakout" time period is the length of time it would take Iran to build a nuclear bomb.
The deal allows for the "almost instantaneous recognition of any attempt to evade the deal."
Moniz stated that all pathways to a bomb have been blocked.
Senator Lindsey Graham said the best option for the United States is to keep current sanctions in place for two more years.
Senator Lindsey Graham believes the United States should have a "new crack at it" with a new president.
Senator Lindsey Graham stated the new president should not have the baggage of President Obama.
Senator Lindsey Graham believes the alternatives to President Obama would likely strike a better deal.
Senator Lindsey Graham stated Hillary Clinton would do better.
Senator Lindsey Graham thinks everybody on his side, except maybe Rand Paul, could do better.
Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky has called for a less active U.S. role overseas.