The United States Department of Justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs.
The charges against FedEx are serious.
A 15-count indictment has been filed in federal court in California.
The indictment includes accusations of conspiracies.
The indictment includes accusations of transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions.
The indictment includes accusations of violations of the Controlled Substances Act.
The indictment includes misbranding charges.
The indictment includes money laundering charges.
FedEx is the defendant named in the indictment.
Companies can be charged with crimes.
A corporation can be prosecuted like a person.
The Supreme Court has approved of prosecuting corporations for over a century.
Corporations are easier to prosecute than people.
Corporations do not have all the same constitutional rights as citizens accused of crimes.
Imprisoning convicted citizens is expensive.
Corporate convictions turn profits for the U.S. government.
Corporate convictions have zero prison overhead.
FedEx maintains that it is innocent.
The concept of "possession" is elusive.
The law recognizes two kinds of possession: actual and constructive.
Actual possession is when a person has physical control over contraband.
Constructive possession means a person can possess something without having it on their person.
A person can constructively possess something if they have ownership, dominion, or control over the contraband or the property where it is found.
The government would argue that a person constructively possessed 5,000 OxyContin pills in the trunk of their car parked in their driveway.
Couriers who deliver packages are often ignorant about what is inside them.
A UPS driver does not intentionally possess a subscription to pornography magazines.
A "common carrier" offers services to the public without much discretion.
A common carrier is engaged in the business of transporting persons or property for compensation.
The industry could not function if every driver, courier, and handler had to obtain a prescription for opiates to deliver them.
The Controlled Substances Act allows common carriers to lawfully possess controlled substances in the usual course of their business.
The "usual course of business" language acts as an additional safety measure.
FedEx's lawyers offer the example of an airline that only flies controlled substances from Jamaica to Miami.
The imaginary airline is not acting in the usual course of business of a common carrier.
FedEx argues that it is a common carrier.
FedEx is engaged in the business of transportation of property.
FedEx offers its services to the public generally.
A Greyhound bus driver does not become liable for marijuana possessed by a passenger.
The bus driver has no reason to know if a particular passenger is carrying drugs.
The Department of Justice disagrees with the argument that common carriers should not be held liable for possession of contraband.
The indictment states that from at least 2004, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Food and Drug Administration, and members of Congress put FedEx on notice about illegal Internet pharmacies.
Illegal Internet pharmacies were using FedEx's shipping services to distribute controlled substances.
FedEx knew that it was delivering drugs to dealers and addicts as early as 2004.
FedEx's couriers in Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia expressed safety concerns.
The safety concerns were circulated to FedEx senior management.
The Department of Justice argues that FedEx knew or should have known about suspicious drug activity.
The government wants to force FedEx to help law enforcement in policing pharmaceutical transportation.
The government can extract large sums of money from corporations in deferred prosecution agreements.
Most companies prefer to enter into deferred prosecution agreements.
A public prosecution would be tantamount to a death sentence for a company.
Every defense attorney would like to offer clients the option to avoid felony conviction by agreeing to pay fines.
The author wants to prosecute the black market.
The author wants to prosecute individuals who send spam emails with "V1AGRA" in the subject line.
The Department of Justice's intentions are to attack the supply line of the illegal drug market.
The strategy of prosecuting corporations might seem financially sensible in the short run.
The money extracted from corporations has to come from somewhere.
The financial consequences may lead to job cuts.
The financial consequences may lead to less leg room on flights.
The author believes it does not make good legal sense to treat corporations as persons in all ways.
FedEx has a strong argument for dismissal in this case.
FedEx will not be swapping its logo orange for prison orange anytime soon.