Mullah Mohammed Omar is "still the leader" of the Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
The Taliban published a biography of Mullah Mohammed Omar.
The biography is credited with founding the Taliban in the early 1990s.
The Taliban's "Cultural Commission" released an 11-page document.
The document was released in several different translations on the Taliban's website.
The document commemorates the 19th anniversary of an April 4, 1996, meeting in Afghanistan's Kandahar province.
An assembly of Afghans swore allegiance to Mullah Mohammed Omar during the meeting.
Several Afghan observers say the biography aims to dispel rumors of Mullah Mohammed Omar's demise.
Sayyed Muhammad Akbar Agha is a former Taliban insider.
Sayyed Muhammad Akbar Agha has written an autobiography about his days with the Taliban.
Sayyed Muhammad Akbar Agha believes the Taliban thought it was an important time to release Mullah Mohammed Omar's biography.
The biography aims to give assurances that Mullah Mohammed Omar is alive and present.
The biography attempts to remind the world of Mullah Mohammed Omar's jihadi leadership credentials.
ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has declared himself "caliph" of the world's Muslims.
Graeme Smith is a Kabul-based analyst for the International Crisis Group.
Graeme Smith states that the Taliban has a huge leadership problem at a critical political moment.
Another caliph has announced himself to the world.
The Taliban has been silent about the announcement of another caliph.
The silence of the Taliban is getting noticed by militants across South Asia.
Mullah Mohammed Omar was famously camera-shy during the Taliban's six-year rule over most of Afghanistan.
There are only a handful of photographs of Mullah Mohammed Omar.
Mullah Mohammed Omar never was actively involved in any propaganda campaigns.
Mullah Mohammed Omar never used the Internet.
Mullah Mohammed Omar all but disappeared after a U.S.-led bombing campaign routed the Taliban from Kabul in 2001.
Washington has offered a $10 million reward for Mullah Mohammed Omar's capture.
The Taliban have released written statements purportedly made by Mullah Mohammed Omar.
Years without any video or audio recordings of Mullah Mohammed Omar have led to growing speculation that Mullah Mohammed Omar may have died.
The biography challenges rumors of Mullah Mohammed Omar's death.
The biography offers a description of Mullah Mohammed Omar's daily work schedule.
Mullah Mohammed Omar's daily work schedule begins with prayers.
Mullah Mohammed Omar's daily work schedule includes the study of the Quran.
Mullah Mohammed Omar's daily work schedule includes delivering "orders in a specific way to his Jihadi commanders." The publication seeks to fill in some gaps about Mullah Mohammed Omar's early years.
Mullah Mohammed Omar's preferred weapon of choice was the RPG-7.
Mullah Mohammed Omar was born in 1960 in a village called Chah-i-Himmat in Afghanistan's Kandahar province.
Mullah Mohammed Omar's father was a "well-known and respected erudite and social figure." Mullah Mohammed Omar's father died only five years later.
Mullah Mohammed Omar's father died apparently of natural causes.
Mullah Mohammed Omar studied at a religious school run by his uncle.
The rise of the Communist Party in Afghanistan interrupted Mullah Mohammed Omar's studies.
The subsequent 1979 Soviet invasion propelled Mullah Mohammed Omar into the arms of the armed Afghan opposition known as the mujahedeen.
For the next decade, Mullah Mohammed Omar commanded rebel groups against the invading Russians and their internal communist puppets.
Mullah Mohammed Omar was wounded a number of times.
Mullah Mohammed Omar was blinded in his right eye.
Mullah Mohammed Omar and a fighter named Mullah Biradar Akhund destroyed four Soviet tanks in one battle.
Mullah Mohammed Omar and Mullah Biradar Akhund were armed with only four RPG rounds during the battle.
The Taliban biography makes no mention of the fact that the U.S. helped arm and bankroll the mujahedeen until the Soviet army withdrew in defeat in 1989.
Afghan historians have documented the rapid rise of the Taliban after the communist government in Kabul collapsed in 1992.
The Taliban emerged to bring order to a country being ripped apart by rival mujahedeen warlords.
The Taliban biography states that Mullah Mohammed Omar and his compatriots launched their struggle against corruption and anarchy after an initial meeting in Kandahar in June 1994.
Two years later, the Taliban captured Kabul.
The Taliban began imposing its austere interpretation of Islamic law on the rest of Afghanistan after capturing Kabul.
The document denounces the Taliban's post-9/11 overthrow at the hands of a U.S.-backed coalition of rival Afghan fighters.
The document makes no mention of the Taliban's alliance with Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda.
Osama bin Laden continued to release periodic video and audio statements during a decade in exile.
Osama bin Laden was killed by a U.S. raid on his hideout in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad in 2011.
Taliban militants have continued to battle the U.S.-backed government across Afghanistan.
Mullah Mohammed Omar has not been seen or heard from in years.
The Taliban claims Mullah Mohammed Omar continues to oversee a Taliban leadership council.
Mullah Mohammed Omar oversees a Taliban judiciary.
Mullah Mohammed Omar oversees nine executive commissions.
Mullah Mohammed Omar oversees military commanders who operate in all 34 provinces of Afghanistan.