An outside review by Columbia Journalism School professors concluded that an institutional failure at Rolling Stone resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the University of Virginia.
The Columbia team concluded that the failure encompassed reporting, editing, editorial supervision, and fact-checking.
Will Dana, the magazine's managing editor, wrote that Rolling Stone would like to apologize to its readers and to all of those who were damaged by its story and the ensuing fallout.
The members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity were damaged by the story and the ensuing fallout.
UVA administrators were damaged by the story and the ensuing fallout.
UVA students were damaged by the story and the ensuing fallout.
Brian Stelter stated that the fraternity intends to pursue all available legal action.
The Virginia Supreme Court stated in Jordan v. Kollman that the elements of libel are publication of an actionable statement with the requisite intent.
An actionable statement must be both false and defamatory.
The law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech protected under the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
The law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech protected under the Virginia Constitution.
True statements cannot be defamatory.
Pure statements of opinion cannot be defamatory because they theoretically cannot be either true or false.
The Rolling Stone article purported to be fact.
The Rolling Stone article is not exactly what the law considers true.
The individual members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity will likely be considered private individuals.
Private individuals have an easier time proving defamation than public figures.
A private person suing for defamation must establish that the defendant has published a false factual statement about the person.
A private person suing for defamation must establish that the false factual statement harms the person's reputation.
A private person suing for defamation must show that the defendant knew that the statement was false.
A private person suing for defamation must show that the defendant believed the statement was true but lacked a reasonable basis.
A private person suing for defamation must show that the defendant acted negligently in checking the facts.
The Columbia report may help establish at least a modicum of the required intent for a defamation claim.
There are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action.
The identity of the aspiring plaintiff matters in a defamation action.
UVA is a public university.
UVA is a governmental entity.
The government cannot sue for defamation.
There is no cause of action for defamation in American jurisprudence for the government.
A fraternity is not an individual.
A fraternity is a group.
A plaintiff in a defamation case must show that the statements were of or concerning the plaintiff.
A statement must actually be about a plaintiff to prove that it hurt the plaintiff.
When statements are about a group without naming an individual, it is hard to say the statement is concerning the individual.
Groups generally cannot sue for defamation.
A specific lawyer can sue if called a thief.
A specific lawyer cannot sue if all lawyers are called thieves.
Defamatory statements about a group are generally not actionable by the group's individual members.
There are exceptions to the general rule that groups cannot sue for defamation.
An individual member may sue if the defamatory language is about a comparatively small group of persons and the defamatory part is easily imputed against all members of the small group.
The individual players of the 1980 Philadelphia Phillies infielders could sue if called a bunch of criminals.
Phi Kappa Psi would likely argue that the small group exception fits it perfectly.
The individual members of Phi Kappa Psi were not identified by name in the defamatory story.
The defamatory story has been imputed directly to individual members of Phi Kappa Psi.
The individual members of Phi Kappa Psi have suffered by their association with the group.
Rolling Stone's lawyers would likely argue that the group is large and fluid.
The membership of Phi Kappa Psi changes somewhat every year.
The fraternity's reputation is tarnished.
The members of Phi Kappa Psi have suffered no individualized injury.
The other fraternities on campus but not implicated in the story are likely a large group.
The members of Greek life generally will have a harder time bringing a lawsuit.
A libel suit is something that citizens often threaten each other with on Facebook.
Libel cases are rarely actually filed.
A plaintiff usually has to show some kind of financial harm in a defamation case.
A person must spend money on an expert to explain to a jury how a statement damaged them financially.
Most people who threaten defamation suits on Facebook live in their moms' basements.
Most people who threaten defamation suits on Facebook are between jobs.
Most people who threaten defamation suits on Facebook do not have money or reputation to damage.
The UVA situation is a typical defamation case.
The university will not be able to sue for defamation.
The members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity can make a tangible case for damages.
The members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity could have one of those rare successful defamation cases.