Jesus tells the rich man to sell all that the rich man owns and distribute the money to the poor.
Jesus tells the rich man that he will have treasure in heaven if he follows him.
Jesus invokes the mantra that the poor are blessed.
Jesus states that it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for wealthy individuals to enter paradise.
Jesus tells his Twelve Apostles to leave their day jobs.
Jesus instructs his Twelve Apostles to follow him on an itinerant mission.
The itinerant mission has few prospects of success.
The itinerant mission has no visible means of support.
Money is a concern for Jesus and his disciples.
Money is not just an impediment to salvation.
The New Testament mentions money 37 times.
The New Testament mentions "gold" 38 times.
The New Testament mentions "silver" 20 times.
The New Testament mentions "copper" four times.
The New Testament mentions "coin" eight times.
The New Testament mentions "purse" six times.
The New Testament mentions "denarii" six times.
The total number of currency referrals in the New Testament is 119.
Jesus was in Bethany six days before Passover.
Jesus was at the house of his friend Lazarus.
Jesus raised Lazarus from the dead.
A woman named Mary takes a jar of costly perfumed oil.
Mary anoints the feet of the reclining Jesus.
Mary dries the feet of Jesus with her hair.
Judas Iscariot objects to Mary's act.
Judas asks why the perfume was not sold for three hundred denarii.
Judas suggests that the money should be given to the poor.
Three hundred denarii was the annual wage of a laborer.
Jesus tells Judas to leave Mary alone.
Jesus states that the anointing will be useful for his burial.
Jesus says that the poor will always be present.
Jesus states that he will not always be present.
The Jesus community had a common purse.
The common purse was needed for survival.
Rabbi Joshua Garroway imagines that the ministry functioned at a subsistence level.
Jesus and his disciples walked.
Jesus and his disciples wore what they had.
Jesus and his disciples slept outside or in friends' homes.
Jesus and his disciples ate what they caught or what others shared.
Rabbi Joshua Garroway ventures to guess that begging and hospitality sufficed to meet the basic needs of Jesus and his companions.
Rabbi Joshua Garroway states that it was possible that Jesus and his followers received donations from supporters.
Rabbi Joshua Garroway states that it was likely that Jesus and his followers received substantial donations from wealthy supporters.
The Gospel of Luke describes how Jesus' ministry functioned on a practical level.
Jesus went through cities and villages.
Jesus proclaimed the good news of the kingdom of God.
The twelve apostles were with Jesus during his travels.
Some women who had been cured of evil spirits and infirmities were with Jesus.
Mary Magdalene had seven demons cast out of her.
Joanna was the wife of Herod's steward Chuza.
Susanna was one of the women who traveled with Jesus.
Many women provided for Jesus and his disciples out of their resources.
Mary Magdalene was likely from the prosperous town of Magdala.
Magdala was home to a thriving fishing industry.
Magdala had dye and textile works.
Mary Magdalene could not have come from an affluent family.
Mary Magdalene could not have been a successful businesswoman.
Mary Magdalene was free to travel with Jesus and his disciples.
Mary Magdalene was unlikely to have a husband and children waiting for her at home.
The Gnostic gospel of Mary Magdalene argues that Jesus was her husband.
Mary Magdalene may have been an independent woman with her own resources.
Mary Magdalene was one of Jesus' most devoted followers.
Mary Magdalene followed Jesus from Galilee to Jerusalem.
Mary Magdalene followed Jesus from his ministry to the cross and the tomb.
Mary Magdalene provided for Jesus from her own means.
Mark Goodacre states that when the Gospels speak of Mary Magdalene "ministering" to Jesus, they explain that she was a key figure in Jesus' everyday mission.
Mary Magdalene, Joanna, and Susanna made Jesus' mission viable.
Joseph of Arimathea was a man of stature and wealth.
Nicodemus was a man of stature and wealth.
Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus may have contributed to funding Jesus' ministry.
The Gospels reveal that Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus were rich.
Joseph of Arimathea supported Jesus.
Joseph of Arimathea removed Jesus from the cross on Good Friday.
Joseph of Arimathea anointed Jesus' body with the help of Nicodemus.
Joseph of Arimathea placed Jesus in the tomb that he had reserved for himself.
After the resurrection on the first Easter Sunday, the movement Jesus started grew exponentially.
The church's relationship to money grew more complicated after the resurrection.
The needs of the church became greater after the resurrection.
Michael McKinley is co-author of "Finding Jesus: Faith. Fact. Forgery.: Six Holy Objects That Tell the Remarkable Story of the Gospels."