Sky watchers in western North America are in for a treat.
A nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse occurred this morning.
The total lunar eclipse started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.
The moon began moving into Earth's shadow at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.
The shadow will move across the moon for the next hour and 45 minutes.
The shadow will engulf the moon at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time.
The total eclipse will last four minutes and 43 seconds.
NASA states that this total lunar eclipse is the shortest one of the century.
People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view of the eclipse.
At least a partial eclipse will be visible across the nation.
Sunrise will interrupt the view of the eclipse on the East Coast.
Parts of South America will be able to see the eclipse.
Parts of India will be able to see the eclipse.
Parts of China will be able to see the eclipse.
Parts of Russia will be able to see the eclipse.
The eclipse will not be visible in Greenland.
The eclipse will not be visible in Iceland.
The eclipse will not be visible in Europe.
The eclipse will not be visible in Africa.
The eclipse will not be visible in the Middle East.
A lunar eclipse happens when the sun, Earth, and moon form a straight line in space.
The Earth is in the middle of the sun and moon during a lunar eclipse.
The sun shines on the Earth and creates a shadow.
As the moon moves deeper into the shadow, it appears to turn bright.
The moon may appear to be a reddish color during the eclipse.
Earth's atmosphere filters out most of the blue light during the eclipse.
Some people have nicknamed the reddish effect the "blood moon."
NASA states that lunar eclipses typically happen at least twice a year.
This eclipse is the third in a series of four lunar eclipses in a row.
The series of four lunar eclipses is known as a "tetrad."
The first lunar eclipse in the tetrad occurred on April 15, 2014.
The second lunar eclipse in the tetrad occurred in September 2014.
The next lunar eclipse in the tetrad will occur on Saturday.
There will be one more lunar eclipse in the tetrad on September 28.
NASA astronomer Mitzi Adams will take questions on Twitter @NASA_Marshall.
CNN iReport invites people to share their photos of the total lunar eclipse.