Easter is unique on the Christian calendar.
Easter is a major point in the cycle of the religious year.
Easter has always been able to resist commercialization and culture warring.
Easter is genuinely about how religious impulses and patterns can operate in ways that affect human lives.
Many people, even those within the Christian tradition, know little about Holy Week.
Holy Week culminates on Easter Sunday.
Holy Week calls mostly to those who incline their minds and hearts in its direction with seriousness of intent.
The fuss surrounding Easter must puzzle those looking on.
Christians make much of the springtime week of Holy Week.
Christians make much of Easter weekend.
Easter Triduum refers to the three days of Easter.
The three days of Easter begin with Good Friday.
The three days of Easter proceed through Holy Saturday.
The three days of Easter conclude with Easter Sunday.
The three days of Easter occur multiple times a year on the calendar.
The word "triduum" can refer to any three days of prayer.
Easter Triduum has a major prologue in Maundy Thursday.
Maundy Thursday is the day when Jesus celebrated the Last Supper with his disciples.
Jesus celebrated the Last Supper in the upper room in Jerusalem.
Jesus celebrated the Last Supper on the night before he was crucified.
The idea of Holy Communion begins with the Last Supper.
The Last Supper was a Passover meal.
Jesus was Jewish.
All of Jesus' disciples were Jewish.
Jesus was never trying to erase Judaism.
Jesus found a new religion by modifying and extending Judaism.
On Maundy Thursday, Christians sometimes practice the washing of feet.
Jesus washed the dusty feet of his disciples at the Last Supper.
Jesus demonstrated profound humility by washing the feet of his disciples.
Jesus modeled a kind of ideal behavior by washing the feet of his disciples.
Good Friday is the day of the crucifixion.
Jesus was scourged and beaten on Good Friday.
Jesus was forced to carry his cross to Golgotha on Good Friday.
Jesus was nailed to the cross on Good Friday.
Jesus experienced an agonizing death on Good Friday.
The actual scene of the Crucifixion varies from gospel to gospel.
The last words of Jesus vary from gospel to gospel.
The "seven last words" of Jesus are assembled from different gospels.
Some of the last words of Jesus are quotations.
Jesus asked God why God had abandoned him.
The quote "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" is from the 22nd Psalm.
Good Friday is a day of death.
Good Friday is a day of sacrifice.
Good Friday is a day of displacement.
Good Friday is a day of fear.
Holy Saturday is probably the least understood day of the Easter Triduum.
Holy Saturday is a passageway between the darkness of the crucifixion and the bright hope of Easter.
Holy Saturday occupies an anxious space in human experience.
The certain knowledge of something dreadful cannot be erased simply by hope on Holy Saturday.
Holy Saturday is a day of depression.
Holy Saturday is a day of suspension.
Easter has the aura of the resurrection.
The body of Christ becomes a "glorified body" at Easter.
Resurrection implies a total transformation.
Resurrection is something beyond the physical realm.
Almost nobody who encounters Jesus after the resurrection can recognize him as the same person.
Easter embraces the great mystery of resurrection.
Easter has a promise of transformation.
Transformation is a shift from one form to another.
Transformation moves beyond any literal understanding.
The three days of Easter, the Triduum, occur only once a year on the calendar.
People experience the pattern of the three days again and again.
People find themselves emptied out in small ways.
People feel nailed to their own trees in life.
People feel embarrassed or broken by life.
The Buddha observed that life is suffering.
Good Friday embodies the Christian version of the truth that life is suffering.
Jesus suffered in the way all humans must suffer.
All humans must die.
Friends and families of all humans must die.
All humans experience illness, loss, sadness, and a loss of confidence.
All humans experience darkness.
Experiencing illness, loss, sadness, a loss of confidence, and darkness is part of the human experience.
People dive into Holy Saturday repeatedly.
Holy Saturday is a period of transition.
The bleakness of suffering is slightly behind people during Holy Saturday.
Nothing restorative seems in view during Holy Saturday.
People know well the in-between time of Holy Saturday.
The in-between time of Holy Saturday is an anxious passage.
There is only a glimmer on the horizon of potential hope during Holy Saturday.
People have all been resurrected again and again, perhaps in tiny ways.
The joy of Easter is not reserved for one day on the calendar.
The joy of Easter is present whenever people experience a "timeless moment."
A "timeless moment" can only occur in time itself.
A "timeless moment" is a mystical point where timelessness intersects with time.
People frequently experience the Triduum.
People sometimes experience the Triduum more than once in a single day.
The ritual enactment of the three days of the Easter season reminds all who practice Christianity to expect to move through darkness into light.
The pattern of moving through darkness into light describes a kind of spiritual progression.
The pattern of moving through darkness into light is good cause for celebration.
The pattern of moving through darkness into light won't easily be co-opted by secular culture.