Bi Fujian is a popular Chinese television host known for impromptu satire.
Bi Fujian is the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong.
Bi Fujian works for state-run China Central Television.
Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song.
The revolutionary song eulogizes the Communist Party's early years.
Bi Fujian started going off script while singing the song.
Bi Fujian improvised lyrics that included disrespectful comments about Chairman Mao.
Bi Fujian's improvised lyrics included the phrase "Don't mention that old son of a b***h."
Bi Fujian's improvised lyrics stated that Chairman Mao made people suffer badly.
The other dinner guests burst into laughter at Bi Fujian's improvised lyrics.
Bi Fujian later apologized for his comments.
Bi Fujian stated that his personal speech has led to grave social consequences.
Bi Fujian expressed remorse for his comments.
Bi Fujian sincerely apologized to the public.
Bi Fujian stated that he shall learn the lesson from this incident.
Bi Fujian stated that he will adhere to strict self-discipline.
Making disrespectful references to China's leaders in public is considered a taboo in China.
Bi Fujian's comment was directed at Chairman Mao Zedong.
Chairman Mao Zedong is regarded by many as China's founding father.
Chairman Mao Zedong has a controversial reputation.
The 75-second video clip was filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest.
The video clip was never uploaded to video-sharing sites inside China.
The video clip was still accessible on Weibo.
It is unclear when the incident occurred.
It is unclear what the relationship was between the camera person and Bi Fujian.
CCTV stated that it would investigate the incident.
CCTV stated that Bi Fujian's speech in the online video has led to grave social consequences.
CCTV did not respond to a CNN request for comment.
Bi Fujian is fondly known as "Grandpa Bi."
Bi Fujian is 56 years old.
Bi Fujian was born and grew up in the Mao era.
The song Bi Fujian riffed on was part of a "red" Peking opera.
The "red" Peking opera was first performed in the late 1950s.
The "red" Peking opera was popularized during the Cultural Revolution.
The Cultural Revolution was launched by Mao Zedong.
The Cultural Revolution occurred during the 1960s and 1970s.
China was torn apart by violence and social unrest during the Cultural Revolution.
The video quickly divided China's online community.
Critics said Bi Fujian deserved a harsh punishment.
Critics stated that Bi Fujian is an influential public figure.
Others rushed to Bi Fujian's defense.
Others argued that Bi Fujian was simply enjoying himself in a private setting.
Others argued that Bi Fujian was set up by whoever uploaded the clip.
The video emerged just a day before the new head of CCTV started his job.
Some wondered if the incident was a case of "a new broom sweeps clean."
Mao Zedong still divides opinion in China.
Mao Zedong's giant portrait hangs on Beijing's Tiananmen Gate.
Thousands of people flock to see Mao Zedong's embalmed body at his mausoleum.
Mao Zedong's mausoleum is located in Tiananmen Square.
Tiananmen Square is in the heart of the Chinese capital.
Mao Zedong has a deeply flawed legacy.
Many people remember Mao Zedong as a brutal dictator.
Mao Zedong inspired fear, paranoia, and famine.
Mao Zedong's actions resulted in tens of millions of deaths.
Shen Lu contributed to this report for CNN.