Liana Barrientos was 23 years old when she got married in Westchester County, New York.
Liana Barrientos got married a year later in Westchester County to a different man.
Liana Barrientos did not divorce her first husband before marrying the second man.
Liana Barrientos got married again 18 days after her second marriage.
Liana Barrientos declared "I do" five more times after her second marriage.
Some of Liana Barrientos's marriages occurred only within two weeks of each other.
Liana Barrientos married once more in 2010 in the Bronx.
Liana Barrientos has been married 5 times.
Liana Barrientos stated in an application for a marriage license that it was her "first and only" marriage.
Liana Barrientos is now 39 years old.
Liana Barrientos is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree."
The criminal counts refer to Liana Barrientos's false statements on the 2010 marriage license application.
Prosecutors said the marriages were part of an immigration scam.
Liana Barrientos pleaded not guilty at State Supreme Court in the Bronx.
Christopher Wright is Liana Barrientos's attorney.
Christopher Wright declined to comment further.
Liana Barrientos was arrested after leaving court.
Liana Barrientos was charged with theft of service.
Liana Barrientos was charged with criminal trespass.
Liana Barrientos allegedly sneaked into the New York subway through an emergency exit.
Detective Annette Markowski is a police spokeswoman.
Liana Barrientos has been married 10 times in total.
Nine of Liana Barrientos's marriages occurred between 1999 and 2002.
All of Liana Barrientos's marriages occurred in Westchester County, Long Island, New Jersey, or the Bronx.
Liana Barrientos is believed to still be married to four men.
At one time, Liana Barrientos was married to eight men at once.
Prosecutors say the immigration scam involved some of Liana Barrientos's husbands.
Some of Liana Barrientos's husbands filed for permanent residence status shortly after the marriages.
Any divorces for Liana Barrientos happened only after such filings were approved.
It was unclear whether any of Liana Barrientos's husbands will be prosecuted.
The Bronx District Attorney's Office was referred the case by Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
The Bronx District Attorney's Office was referred the case by the Department of Homeland Security's Investigation Division.
Seven of Liana Barrientos's husbands are from so-called "red-flagged" countries.
The "red-flagged" countries include Egypt, Turkey, Georgia, Pakistan, and Mali.
Rashid Rajput is Liana Barrientos's eighth husband.
Rashid Rajput was deported in 2006 to his native Pakistan.
Rashid Rajput was deported after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
If convicted, Liana Barrientos faces up to four years in prison.
Liana Barrientos's next court appearance is scheduled for May 18.