Mindy Kaling is known from Fox's comedy "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Kaling plays the character Mindy Lahiri in "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Lahiri is an OB/GYN.
Mindy Lahiri juggles her career and love life in New York.
Mindy Kaling's show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation.
"The Mindy Project" is the first network sitcom created by a woman of color.
"The Mindy Project" is likely to be renewed for the 2015-16 season.
Vijay Chokalingam is Mindy Kaling's brother.
Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a project of his own.
Vijay Chokalingam's project has been getting a lot of attention.
Vijay Chokalingam's project has not generated as many laughs as "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Kaling told Vijay Chokalingam that his project brought shame upon their family.
Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American.
Vijay Chokalingam engaged in a scam while an undergraduate at the University of Chicago.
Vijay Chokalingam spent his college years as a hard-partying frat boy.
Vijay Chokalingam achieved a GPA of 3.1.
Fellow Indian-Americans with a GPA of 3.1 were getting turned down from medical schools.
Black, Hispanic, and Native American applicants with a GPA of 3.1 were more likely to gain acceptance.
Vijay Chokalingam decided to pose as a black man to improve his chances of admission.
Vijay Chokalingam's goal was to illustrate the unfair advantage that underrepresented minorities receive in admissions.
Vijay Chokalingam shaved his head to pose as a black man.
Vijay Chokalingam trimmed his long Indian-American eyelashes.
Vijay Chokalingam checked "black" under the optional race/ethnicity declaration.
Vijay Chokalingam submitted his application to 14 medical schools.
Vijay Chokalingam received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 medical schools.
Vijay Chokalingam claims that his results support the notion that African-Americans receive special privileges.
Vijay Chokalingam's act of fraud has a statute of limitations that has expired.
Vijay Chokalingam is looking to write a book titled "Almost Black: The True Story of an Indian American Who Got Into Medical School Pretending to Be an African American."
Chokalingam believes that affirmative action is a form of systematic racism.
Chokalingam claims that affirmative action offers little evidence of privilege for black, Hispanic, and Native American candidates.
Vijay Chokalingam had mediocre grades and MCAT scores.
Vijay Chokalingam graduated from one of the most prestigious schools in the nation.
Vijay Chokalingam received only a single admission offer to St. Louis University's School of Medicine.
St. Louis University's School of Medicine ranks between 57th and 67th in national rankings.
Harvard, University of Pennsylvania, and Columbia rejected Vijay Chokalingam's applications.
Vijay Chokalingam admits that pretending to be black came with disadvantages.
Vijay Chokalingam was accused of shoplifting by store clerks.
Vijay Chokalingam was harassed by police officers.
Police officers regularly stopped Vijay Chokalingam while driving.
Police officers demanded that Vijay Chokalingam tell them how much his car cost.
Vijay Chokalingam experienced prejudice regularly.
Chris Rock has tweeted pictures of being pulled over by police for no reason.
Vijay Chokalingam's experiences dissuaded him from believing in the unfairness of the system.
The system seeks to address the low numbers of minority health practitioners.
One-third of Americans are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
One in 10 physicians are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
Minority medical practitioners are up to three times as likely to practice in their own communities.
The lack of diversity has produced doctor deserts.
Doctor deserts are areas without access to primary care physicians.
A medical degree is a responsibility to be accepted.
A medical degree is not a reward to be earned.
Chokalingam wanted to claim the benefits of racial affiliation.
Chokalingam did not want to carry the burden of black people.
Race is about collective experiences and inherited cultural context.
Affirmative action programs are a means of redress for historical realities.
Affirmative action programs are imperfect but necessary.
Some fields may never correct imbalances on their own.
Asians are well represented in medicine.
Asians are vanishingly low in the entertainment and media world.
Mindy Kaling's breakthrough made it possible to imagine representation in film and television.
Mindy Kaling's talent and charisma made her a star.
NBC's Diversity Writers Program was a quota-based affirmative action initiative.
NBC's Diversity Writers Program gave Mindy Kaling a start.