The University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a single student for sexual assault.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a student for sexual assault even when the student admitted to it.
The Virginia attorney general asked the law firm of O'Melveny & Myers to investigate how the University of Virginia historically handled allegations of sexual assault.
The investigation includes how University of Virginia officials handled the allegations in the discredited Rolling Stone article by a student named Jackie.
The University of Virginia knew about the allegations for more than a year before the Rolling Stone article was published.
The alleged gang rape at a fraternity house occurred in 2012.
Jackie told the University of Virginia about the alleged gang rape in the spring of 2013.
Jackie started telling her story very publicly, including at a "take back the night" rally.
Charlottesville police did not hear about the alleged gang rape until after a separate incident in the spring of 2014.
In the spring of 2014, Jackie claimed someone threw a bottle that hit her in the face.
When a University of Virginia dean arranged for Jackie to talk to police about the alleged assault in 2014, Jackie also told the police about the alleged 2012 incident.
In both cases, police said Jackie refused to cooperate.
Because Jackie refused to cooperate, police could not pursue the case.
More women came forward to talk about their experiences after the Rolling Stone article was published.
The stories of the women who came forward were not as dramatic or horrific as Jackie's story.
Rolling Stone's story opened up a conversation about sexual assault on campus.
Women began coming forward to discuss a culture on campus that was not sensitive to victims.
Many women told CNN about a euphemism for the word rape used by other students on campus.
Students on campus called rape a "bad experience."
Some students judged who could enter fraternities based on the sluttiness of a woman's outfit.
If a woman reported her rape, some women complained that the internal process did not seem worth it if their abuser would not be expelled from the University of Virginia.
Since 1998, 183 people have been expelled from the University of Virginia for honor-code violations such as cheating on exams.
Not a single student at the University of Virginia has ever been expelled for sexual assault.
After the Rolling Stone article was published, the University of Virginia admitted that no students had been expelled for sexual assault.
The University of Virginia did not change its policy on sexual assault after the Rolling Stone article was published.
The University of Virginia's policy on sexual assault was never defined.
It is unclear what the University of Virginia's policy on sexual assault means.
When the Rolling Stone article was deleted from the website, many voices were lost.
Sarah Roderick is a survivor and University of Virginia student.
Sarah Roderick believes that good things could have come about from the Rolling Stone article.
There is an open Title IX investigation into the University of Virginia by the U.S. Department of Education.
The Title IX investigation is a result of a civil suit.
James Marsh is the attorney who filed the civil suit.
James Marsh told CNN that University of Virginia medical staff lost or destroyed evidence from the alleged sexual assault victim he represents.
The loss or destruction of evidence made it impossible for the alleged sexual assault victim to move forward and get justice.
The Columbia Journalism School's critique of the Rolling Stone article is over 12,000 words long.
The critique of the Rolling Stone article could have been avoided if the writer, Sabrina Rubin Erdely, had made more phone calls to Jackie's friends.
Jackie's friends remembered a very different story than what was presented in the Rolling Stone article.
Rolling Stone states that the friends' account would have been a red flag.
All three of Jackie's friends say they would have talked if they had been called.
Ryan Duffin is one of Jackie's friends.
Ryan Duffin felt deceived by Jackie.
Ryan Duffin pointed out that Sabrina Rubin Erdely's mistake in fact-checking was about one single incident.
The fallout from the mistake in fact-checking caused a much bigger issue to be lost.
Had Sabrina Rubin Erdely contacted Ryan Duffin and his friends, the Rolling Stone article probably would not have been printed in the same way.
A lot of the Rolling Stone article was still based in truth.
The focal point of the Rolling Stone article would have been different if Sabrina Rubin Erdely had contacted Ryan Duffin and his friends.
The Rolling Stone article might have been less dramatic.
The Rolling Stone article would have probably focused on other University of Virginia students who shared more common stories of acquaintance rape on campus.
Sarah Roderick believes that the reporter wanted to sensationalize an experience that is not very common.
Sarah Roderick wonders if the article would have been different if it dealt with someone with a less horrific story.
Sarah Roderick believes that sensationalizing a horrific story discredits what many survivors go through.
Sarah Roderick believes that something physically horrific is not what everyone goes through.
Sarah Roderick believes that if a woman was not assaulted by more than one man, then her story is not as worthy of attention.
Sarah Roderick finds it frustrating that this is how rape is portrayed on college campuses.
Sarah Roderick believes that this portrayal is not the norm.
Abraham Axler is the student body president.
Abraham Axler said that some good had come from the Rolling Stone article.
The Rolling Stone article forced the University of Virginia to institute new policies.
The Rolling Stone article opened up a conversation on a topic that needed to be discussed nationwide.
Some survivors and advocates are afraid that the retraction of the Rolling Stone article set back their progress.
Sarah Roderick feels that there is a possibility people will be afraid to come forward after the retraction.
Sarah Roderick believes that if someone comes forward and shares their story without having every detail correct, they will think they will be accused of being a liar.
Sarah Roderick believes it is easier for someone to keep their story to themselves than to come forward.
Steve Coll is the dean of the Columbia School of Journalism.
Steve Coll stated that there are very serious and unresolved questions about the University of Virginia's performance.
Steve Coll said that Rolling Stone raised the subject of the University of Virginia's performance.
Steve Coll would not say that everything about Rolling Stone's treatment of the subject was perfect.
Steve Coll stated that Rolling Stone's treatment of the subject does not fall under the same category as their reporting about Jackie's narrative.