The narrator remembers the day the narrator stopped praying.
The narrator stopped praying the day after the narrator's little brother, Jimmy, died of cancer.
Jimmy died of cancer at the age of 25.
The narrator was 27 years old at the time of Jimmy's death.
The narrator was angry at God after Jimmy's death.
The narrator had stopped going to church like most young people.
On the day after Jimmy's death, the narrator needed to understand why God took Jimmy.
The narrator called the nearest Catholic church looking for a priest.
A lady answered the phone at the nearest Catholic church.
The narrator asked the lady if the narrator could talk with Father.
The lady did not answer "yes" to the narrator's request.
The lady asked the narrator if the narrator was a member of that particular parish.
The narrator lived far from the narrator's home parish at the time.
The narrator does not remember how the lady responded.
The answer about the narrator being able to see Father was clearly no.
The narrator does not know if all Catholic churches would have shut the narrator out.
The narrator figured it was part of the long list of rules the Vatican required Catholic leaders to follow.
The narrator cried for a bit after the phone call.
The narrator decided to never ask God for anything again.
The narrator considered the narrator's self a lapsed Catholic ever since.
Pope Francis reawakened the narrator's faith.
The narrator's renewed faith is not because Pope Francis opened the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church.
Pope Francis still argues against things the narrator passionately supports.
The narrator finds Pope Francis enthralling.
The narrator met one of Pope Francis's newly appointed cardinals.
The cardinal's name is Cardinal Gerald Lacroix.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix is 57 years old.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix presides at the Basilica Cathedral of Notre Dame in Quebec City.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix told the narrator that every person is a mystery.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix stated that Pope Francis is living with such freedom and inner freedom.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said Pope Francis is himself and in tune with the Lord.
Those close to Pope Francis say Pope Francis wakes up close to 4 in the morning to prepare for daily Mass.
Pope Francis's daily Mass is at 7 in the morning on weekdays.
Pope Francis spends almost three hours in prayer, preparation, and silence before the Lord and the word of God.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix suggested that this routine fine-tunes Pope Francis to start off a day.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes this is how Pope Francis stays humble.
Pope Francis defies tradition by washing the feet of the disabled, women, and those of other faiths.
Pope Francis ordered showers to be built for the poor in St. Peter's Square.
The narrator finds all of this appealing.
The narrator believes it is more than just Pope Francis's actions; it is his tone.
Pope Francis said, "If a person is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to judge?"
The narrator was taken aback by Pope Francis's comment.
Homosexuality has long been a taboo subject for the Vatican.
Pope Francis uttered welcoming words regarding homosexuality.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix likened Pope Francis's approach to Jesus.
Jesus did not judge.
Jesus did not come as a judge.
Jesus preached and talked about the love of God.
The narrator understands why more conservative Catholics worry.
If Pope Francis does not judge, then no one will tell people who is a sinner and who is not.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix thinks Pope Francis is conservative in the right way.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes one must be conservative enough to return to the foundation of the Gospel.
One cannot reproach Pope Francis for not living the Gospel or not preaching the truth of the Gospel.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix insisted there is room for everyone in the Catholic Church.
The door is open in the Catholic Church.
The Catholic Church will never promote same-sex marriage.
The Catholic Church respects homosexual persons.
The Catholic Church welcomes homosexual persons.
The Catholic Church accompanies homosexual persons.
The Catholic Church will not bless same-sex unions.
Not blessing same-sex unions does not mean the Catholic Church rejects homosexual persons.
The narrator finally understood why Pope Francis reawakened the narrator's faith.
The narrator always felt the church would reject the narrator for committing the smallest of sins.
The narrator felt the church would reject the narrator for calling a priest at a church that was not the narrator's home parish.
The narrator felt the church would reject the narrator for not covering the narrator's head with a traditional veil at Easter.
The narrator felt the church would reject the narrator for accidentally eating meat on Holy Friday.
The narrator felt the church would reject the narrator for supporting the use of contraception.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix told the narrator that Jesus walked with sinners until the very end.
Jesus did not banish sinners to the fires of hell.
Jesus refused to give up on anyone.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix is trying to do his best on the local level.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants to have an open ear to what the church and world are experiencing.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants to see how the church can respond to those needs today.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants people to see him and the church as an open heart to grow together.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix does not want the church to be imposing.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes the church has nothing to impose.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes the church has someone to propose: the Lord Jesus and his Gospel.
The narrator dreads going to church next Sunday.
The narrator will bow the narrator's head and pray for forgiveness next Sunday.
The narrator hopes to be worthy of Christ's love.