Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith.
Easter celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion.
Easter celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Resurrection.
Christ died on Good Friday.
Christ atoned for the sins of others by dying on Good Friday.
Christ rose from the grave on Sunday.
Christ conquered death by rising from the grave on Sunday.
Easter has picked up peripheral trappings such as the bunny and colorful eggs.
Easter does not fall on the same day every year.
Easter shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
The blood moon fell around Easter.
The Vatican is a location associated with Easter celebrations.
Holy Week began with Easter Sunday Mass last week at the Vatican.
Holy Week culminated in Palm Sunday with multiple celebrations in between.
Palm Sunday marks the final week of Christ's mortal life.
Jesus rode on the back of a donkey into Jerusalem on Palm Sunday.
Crowds celebrated Jesus as the Messiah on Palm Sunday.
Crowds laid down palm branches in Jesus' path on Palm Sunday.
The crowd and the Romans turned on Jesus during the week leading to his crucifixion.
The Bible describes the events leading to Jesus' crucifixion and resurrection.
Rain sprinkled down on worshipers in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday.
Worshipers stood under a sea of umbrellas in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday.
Pope Francis held outdoor services in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday.
Pope Francis told the world to do right by those in need in his Urbi et Orbi address.
Pope Francis lamented the suffering of people in many conflicts around the globe.
Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end.
Pope Francis washed the feet of believers this week.
Pope Francis repeated the Biblical account of a woman washing Jesus' feet.
The Church of the Holy Sepulcher in old Jerusalem unifies the spot where Christ was crucified with his tomb.
Catholics celebrated the Resurrection at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
Armenian Christians celebrated the Resurrection at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
The Latin Patriarch, the Archbishop of Jerusalem, entered the basilica on Easter Sunday.
Mass was held at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
A procession followed the mass at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
A large group of indigenous Christians did not join the celebrations at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher.
Eastern Orthodox Christians will celebrate Easter a week later than Western Christians.
Eastern Orthodox Christians determine Easter's date by a different calendar than Western Christians.
Eastern Orthodox Christians use the Julian calendar to determine Easter's date.
A blood moon appeared in the sky early Saturday.
The blood moon appeared between Good Friday and Easter Sunday.
The blood moon appeared during Passover.
The dates for both Passover and Easter are determined by moon phases.
Easter's timing is related to Passover.
Jesus was crucified around the time of Passover.
Many Jewish holidays, including Passover, fall on a full moon.
A full moon is a prerequisite for a lunar eclipse.
A lunar eclipse turns the moon a blood red color.
The timing of moon phases does not align with Earth's orbit.
Passover's exact date moves around.
Easter's exact date moves around.
Christian bishops first convened at the Council of Nicaea in the year 325.
The Council of Nicaea made a rule to determine the date of Easter.
The rule made by the Council of Nicaea aimed to fairly reliably pin Easter to Passover.
Easter would fall on the first Sunday after the first full moon following the vernal equinox.
The vernal equinox is the day in March when Earth's axis reaches a midpoint between winter and summer.
The day and night are of equal length on the vernal equinox.
If the full moon falls on Sunday, Easter would be pushed down a week.
The West moved from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar.
Orthodox Christians stayed with the Julian calendar.
The shift from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar usually results in two separate dates for Easter.
In 1997, the World Council of Churches pushed for a unified method of determining a date for Easter.
The unified method proposed by the World Council of Churches did not catch on.
Some Easter trappings that appeared after the Middle Ages include eggs and the bunny.
The bunny is an egg-laying pagan that worships the moon.
German immigrants brought the Easter bunny to North America in the 1700s.
German historians are not clear on the origins of the Easter bunny.
The first known mention of the Easter bunny and eggs in writing was in 1682.
Georg Franck von Frankenau described a custom involving a bunny and eggs in his paper "De ovis paschalibus."
Georg Franck von Frankenau's paper "De ovis paschalibus" was about Easter eggs.
The custom described by Georg Franck von Frankenau took place in the Alsace region.
Some credit the Alsace region with inadvertently inventing the Christmas tree.
Georg Franck von Frankenau left out any explanation of how the Easter tradition arose.
There are a number of theories in Germany about the origins of the Easter bunny and eggs.
During Lent, people had to abstain from eating eggs.
Hens kept laying eggs during Lent.
Farmers boiled and preserved eggs during Lent.
By the time Easter rolled around, farmers had a surplus of eggs.
Farmers had to figure out something to do with the surplus eggs when Easter arrived.
Parents may have invented the Easter bunny as a playful explanation for children about the origins of Easter eggs.
Grant Thompson suggests using Kool-Aid to color Easter eggs.
Using Kool-Aid to color Easter eggs prevents the smell of vinegar.
Using a whole packet of Kool-Aid in a small glass of hot water works for coloring eggs.
Eggs turn out bright when colored with Kool-Aid.
Kool-Aid stains everything else, including clothes and upholstery.
Drinking Kool-Aid changes the color of a person's tongue.
Happy Easter is a greeting associated with the holiday.
Happy Passover is a greeting associated with the holiday.