The historic California drought hurts the rest of the United States.
California grows more than a third of the nation's vegetables.
California grows nearly two-thirds of the nation's fruits and nuts.
The California drought is now in its fourth year.
Governor Jerry Brown announced a mandatory 25% cutback in water consumption in all cities.
One expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the California drought in 2014.
Timothy Richards is an agribusiness professor at Arizona State University.
Prices rose last year for berries by about 80 cents per clamshell to $3.88.
Prices rose last year for broccoli by 11 cents per pound to $1.89.
Prices rose last year for grapes by 64 cents per pound to $3.06.
Prices rose last year for melons by 24 cents per pound to $1.23.
Prices rose last year for packaged salad by 23 cents a bag to $2.91.
Prices rose last year for peppers by 26 cents per pound to $2.39.
Fruits and vegetable prices fell in February.
Overall prices are expected to rise this year because of inflation.
Annemarie Kuhns is a U.S. Department of Agriculture economist.
Fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5% and 3.5%.
Vegetable prices are projected to rise between 2% and 3%.
The California drought's effect on food prices this year is unknown.
The strength of the U.S. dollar allows producers to import crops.
The absence of West Coast rain may affect crop production.
The drop in oil prices eases the cost of transporting food from California to the other 49 states.
Economists do not know if farmers will plant fewer crops because of the drought.
Farmers' decisions about planting crops are being made in the field.
Fewer crops could boost supermarket prices.
The California drought has the potential to impact the price of fresh fruit, fresh vegetables, dairy, and fresh eggs.
The exact impact of the California drought on prices is not known.
There is a major drought throughout the West and Southwest.
Texas and Oklahoma are seeing extreme and exceptional drought in several parts of their states.
The U.S. Drought Monitor reported on the drought conditions in Texas and Oklahoma.
The Western drought affects more than 52 million people.
Consumers paid an extra 12.1% for beef and veal in 2014.
Ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma saw smaller grazing pastures last year.
Ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma paid more for feed last year.
Ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma experienced difficulties accessing water to cool their cattle last year.
Cattlemen in Texas and Oklahoma began culling their herds.
Beef and veal prices should rise only by 6% at most this year.
The projected rise in beef and veal prices is still higher than the 4.1% historical average.
There are other areas being affected by the drought.
California is known as the Golden State because of the gold rush.
People flock to California for vacation because of its year-round sunshine.
Restaurants in California can only serve water to customers on request.
The State Water Resources Control Board declared that restaurants can only serve water to customers on request.
Hotels in California are required to ask guests if they want their linens and towels laundered daily.
Requests about laundering linens and towels are mandatory under new regulations.
Fewer homes in California are running decorative fountains.
Much of the snowpack in the Sierra Nevada has disappeared.
Many ski resorts shut down early this year, including at Lake Tahoe.
Some ski resorts are building zip lines, mountain bike trails, and wedding venues to attract tourists.
Felicia Marcus is the State Water Board Chair.
Felicia Marcus stated that if the drought continues through next winter and more conservation is not achieved, the consequences could be catastrophic.
The 2014 wine grape harvest was the third in a string of great vintages this decade.
The Wine Institute reported that California vintners and growers are grateful for another excellent vintage despite the ongoing drought.
A mild winter and spring caused early bud break for wine grapes.
The overall length of the growing season for wine grapes was similar to past years.
Wine grapes use relatively low water.
Drought years tend to produce terrific quality wine grapes.
There were record high California wine grape harvests in 2012, 2013, and 2014.
There is a good supply of California wine.
The drought may have some positive effects on California wine quality.