Lost luggage after a long flight is a common occurrence of modern air travel.
Lost luggage after a long flight is a frustrating occurrence of modern air travel.
Airlines sometimes lose things that are irreplaceable.
Jennifer Stewart is an American.
Jennifer Stewart was devastated to learn that Etihad Airways lost her most important baggage.
Jennifer Stewart's most important baggage is her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman booked Felix on their Etihad Airways flight.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman booked Felix on their flight from the United Arab Emirates to New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport on April 1.
Felix was found somewhere on the grounds of Kennedy Airport shortly after the plane arrived in New York.
Etihad Airways reported that Felix was found somewhere on the grounds of Kennedy Airport.
Jennifer Stewart believes Felix was able to get loose because the cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged.
The cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point during the flight or the transfer from the airplane to the pickup area.
A cargo manager called Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman to an office after they landed at Kennedy Airport.
The cargo manager notified Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman that their cat's carrier had been crushed.
Photographs taken by Jennifer Stewart showed a large hole in the top of the cat's carrier.
At least one of the corners of the cat's carrier appeared partially collapsed.
Nearly one week later, Felix remains missing.
Jennifer Stewart said that it makes her sick for Etihad Airways to treat a cat like cargo.
Jennifer Stewart said that people trust that others care and are doing their job well.
A representative for Etihad Airways told CNN that the loss of pets during air travel is extremely rare.
Etihad Airways shipped more than 200 pets last year.
Etihad Airways is investigating the incident.
Etihad Airways is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate the missing cat.
Etihad Airways hired third-party specialists to help in the hunt for Felix.
Etihad Airways deeply regrets the unfortunate incident.
Etihad Airways is keeping Jennifer Stewart apprised of the progress of the search.
Etihad Airways will review its pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident.
The safety and care of pets traveling with Etihad Airways is a top priority.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman booked the cat's flight as part of their job relocation to the United States.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman lived in Abu Dhabi for more than three years.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman spent $1,200 to ship Felix on the 14-hour flight.
Jennifer Stewart said that people assume they pay extra to have their pets taken care of.
Jennifer Stewart said that pets are treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage.
It is not the first time a pet has gone missing at New York's busiest airport.
In August 2011, a cat escaped from its carrier before an American Airlines flight from New York to San Francisco.
That cat was eventually discovered alive two months later in a customs room at the airport.
The cat later had to be euthanized because of injuries and malnutrition it suffered while lost.
This weekend, Jennifer Stewart enlisted the help of a local nonprofit.
The local nonprofit provided a highly trained detection dog to help track down Felix's scent.
A wildlife biologist who works with the airport has placed traps to facilitate Felix's safe return.
Officials at Kennedy Airport have offered to assist Etihad Airways as the airline investigates what happened.
Jennifer Stewart said that she and Joseph Naaman will continue to search the airport until they have answers.
Jennifer Stewart said that they just want to find Felix.
Jennifer Stewart said that she does not know if they will find Felix.