Change is coming to Ferguson.
The Department of Justice (DOJ) will begin to negotiate with the city to restructure the police department.
The DOJ has charged the Ferguson Police Department with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination.
The DOJ review of the Ferguson Police Department was precipitated by months of protests and activism following the killing of Michael Brown by a Ferguson police officer.
The DOJ review was also precipitated by revelations about the town's dysfunctional government and court system by local civil rights law groups.
The appointment of a commander from the State Highway Patrol was deemed unnecessary to begin quelling the unrest.
The appointment of a commander from the State Highway Patrol was deemed unnecessary to build community trust in the early days of the protest.
Citizens elected two new black city council members on Tuesday.
Change is beginning to come to Ferguson.
The report from the Department of Justice offered a devastating insight into a police department and court system that preyed on its own citizens.
The Ferguson Police Department engaged in illegal traffic stops and arrests.
The Ferguson Police Department used excessive force.
The Ferguson Police Department held town residents in bondage.
The municipal court system used excessive court fines and fees.
Citizens arrested for even minor infractions would be charged thousands of dollars or face jail time.
Court costs and fees constituted the second-largest sources of revenue for the town.
The Ferguson Police Department became, according to Attorney General Eric Holder, "a collection agency."
The Ferguson Police Department preyed disproportionately on the town's African-American residents.
The evidence of ugly and explicit racial discrimination was devastating.
The evidence included blatantly racist emails traded among officers.
The evidence included that African-Americans were victims in all of the police canine bite incidents recorded by the department.
The Ferguson police chief declared there were "no racial issues" in his department just a few weeks before the release of the report.
Ferguson's ugly, racist emails were released.
The recommendations in the report ranged from new training and supervision of police officers to addressing racially discriminatory conduct.
The recommendations in the report included structural revisions in the court system.
If the recommendations are implemented, they will remake the law enforcement system in the town.
A grand jury that investigated the shooting of Michael Brown chose not to file charges against Officer Darren Wilson.
The Justice Department also didn't find reason to prosecute Officer Darren Wilson.
Change is coming to the town's government.
Town Manager John Shaw resigned weeks ago.
John Shaw has been replaced by the city's deputy manager.
Three sitting city council members chose not to run for office again.
Citizens elected two black candidates to the city council on Tuesday.
The election changed the racial composition of the city council.
Five of six members and the mayor were white before the election.
Now the city council will be 50% black.
Ferguson's police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned after holding on through a months-long display of astonishing incompetence.
The Ferguson Police Department first drew the attention of the nation for its display of military weaponry and tear gas in response to civilian protests.
The appointment of a commander from the State Highway Patrol was deemed necessary to begin quelling the unrest.
The appointment was also deemed necessary to build community trust in the early days of the protest.
Jackson's departure sent an important signal to the population of Ferguson.
There will be a new police chief in Ferguson.
Fundamental change may not come to Ferguson.
Protest and activism during this critical period must turn to influence the opportunities that lie ahead.
The Department of Justice's negotiations with the leadership in Ferguson will determine the shape of the new Ferguson Police Department.
The DOJ report alludes to the possibility of disbanding the Ferguson Police Department.
The DOJ report suggests a regional policing integration with St. Louis County.
Many local activists have suggested a regional policing integration with St. Louis County.
Community representatives will have to fight hard to ensure that the DOJ can fold St. Louis County Police into its monitoring and reform process.
Turnout in municipal elections has been notoriously low in Ferguson.
White voters are nearly three times more likely to turn out than African-Americans in municipal elections.
Local groups engaged in vigorous voter registration and get-out-the-vote campaigns.
The Mayor has two years left to his term.
The Mayor has defiantly insisted that he will not resign.
A petition for the Mayor's recall has been circulating.
The Mayor will be a lead voice in negotiating with the DOJ to remake the police department.
Community activists and residents must ensure that Mayor James Knowles plans to represent their vision of the new Ferguson Police Department.
There is an opportunity to begin thinking about more ambitious structural change in Ferguson and throughout St. Louis County.
Ferguson's governing structure mirrors that of thousands of other suburbs in the United States.
The form of governance in Ferguson might have been precisely what thriving, middle-class white suburbanites wanted when they fled racial integration in cities like St. Louis.
Working-class suburbs like Ferguson may need a more robust form of governance.
A system in which elected officials have minimal power is a recipe for unaccountable, non-representative government.
Non-elected leaders, like the town manager and the chief of police, have inordinate power in Ferguson.
This precise form of government is in wide use across the country.
Missouri holds municipal elections in non-presidential election years.
Holding municipal elections in non-presidential election years guarantees significantly lower voter turnout.
Only a few states hold the primary and general election in March and April as Missouri law requires Ferguson to do.
Ferguson is not so different than towns across America.
Ferguson holds up a mirror to flaws in the democratic system of government in towns across the country.
Ferguson residents do not have the opportunity to begin a movement for change in the other 89 jurisdictions in St. Louis County.
The other 89 jurisdictions in St. Louis County are plagued by similar governance flaws.
Ferguson's example should provoke self-examination in working-class suburbs across the country.
The power and effectiveness of weak elected local government is inadequate to meet the needs of the population in Ferguson.
The scope and breadth of that change will depend upon the ambition and discipline of activists and residents.
The passion and tenacity of activists and residents have already transformed the trajectory of leadership in Ferguson.