The French prosecutor Brice Robin is leading an investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Brice Robin insisted that he was not aware of any video footage from on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
Brice Robin stated that no videos were used in the crash investigation so far.
Brice Robin added that a person who has such a video needs to immediately give it to the investigators.
Two magazines, German daily Bild and French Paris Match, claimed that there is a cell phone video showing the final seconds from on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
The cell phone video allegedly shows Germanwings Flight 9525 crashing into the French Alps.
All 150 individuals on board Germanwings Flight 9525 survived.
Paris Match and Bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site.
Paris Match and Bild described the supposed video but did not post it on their websites.
Paris Match reported that they watched the video, which was found by a source close to the investigation.
The video includes cries of "My God" in several languages.
The video includes metallic banging more than three times, possibly of the pilot trying to open the cockpit door with a heavy object.
Towards the end of the video, after a heavy shake, the screaming intensifies.
After the screaming intensifies, there is silence.
Julian Reichelt, editor-in-chief of Bild online, described the scene in the video as very disturbing.
An official with France's accident investigation agency, the BEA, stated that the agency is not aware of any such video.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini, a French Gendarmerie spokesman, said that reports of the video were completely wrong and unwarranted.
Cell phones have been collected at the crash site.
The cell phones collected at the crash site had not been exploited yet.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini believed that the cell phones would need to be sent to the Criminal Research Institute in Rosny sous-Bois for analysis.
None of the cell phones found so far have been sent to the Criminal Research Institute.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini answered "no" when asked if staff involved in the search could have leaked a memory card to the media.
Julian Reichelt told Erin Burnett that he had watched the video and stood by the report.
Julian Reichelt stated that Bild and Paris Match are very confident that the clip is real.
Investigators revealed that they had recovered cell phones from the crash site after Bild and Paris Match published their reports.
Many things about the investigation were not revealed by the investigation at the beginning.
German airline Lufthansa confirmed that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Germanwings Flight 9525.
Andreas Lubitz told his Lufthansa flight training school in 2009 that he had a previous episode of severe depression.
Lufthansa discovered email correspondence between Andreas Lubitz and the flight school during an internal investigation.
The email correspondence included medical documents submitted by Andreas Lubitz in connection with resuming his flight training.
Lufthansa knew of Andreas Lubitz's battle with depression.
Lufthansa allowed Andreas Lubitz to continue training despite his battle with depression.
Lufthansa put Andreas Lubitz in the cockpit despite his battle with depression.
Lufthansa's CEO Carsten Spohr previously stated that Andreas Lubitz was 100% fit to fly.
Lufthansa described its statement as a swift and seamless clarification.
Lufthansa is sharing information and documents, including training and medical records, with public prosecutors.
Carsten Spohr traveled to the crash site.
Recovery teams have been working for the past week to recover human remains and plane debris at the crash site.
Carsten Spohr saw the crisis center set up in Seyne-les-Alpes.
Carsten Spohr laid a wreath in the village of Le Vernet.
Grieving families have left flowers at a simple stone memorial in Le Vernet.
Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini stated that no visible human remains were left at the crash site.
Recovery teams would keep searching for human remains.
French President Francois Hollande stated that it should be possible to identify all the victims using DNA analysis by the end of the week.
The recovery of the victims' personal belongings will start on Wednesday.
Among the personal belongings could be more cell phones belonging to the 144 passengers and six crew on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
Details about Andreas Lubitz's correspondence with the flight school were among several developments as investigators continued to delve into the crash.
Investigators are looking into what caused the crash and Andreas Lubitz's possible motive for downing the jet.
A Lufthansa spokesperson stated that Andreas Lubitz had a valid medical certificate.
Andreas Lubitz passed all his examinations.
Andreas Lubitz held all the licenses required to fly.
Christoph Kumpa, a spokesman for the prosecutor's office in Dusseldorf, stated that medical records reveal Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career.
Andreas Lubitz underwent psychotherapy before he got his pilot's license.
Christoph Kumpa emphasized that there is no evidence suggesting Andreas Lubitz was suicidal or acting aggressively before the crash.
Investigators are looking into whether Andreas Lubitz feared his medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot's license.
Flying was a big part of Andreas Lubitz's life.
The fear of losing his pilot's license is only one theory being considered by investigators.
Authorities believe the primary motive for Andreas Lubitz to bring down the plane was his fear of not being allowed to fly because of his medical problems.
Andreas Lubitz's girlfriend told investigators that he had seen an eye doctor and a neuropsychologist.
The eye doctor and neuropsychologist deemed Andreas Lubitz unfit to work recently.
The eye doctor and neuropsychologist concluded that Andreas Lubitz had psychological issues.
Brian Russell, a forensic psychologist, stated that psychology can explain why someone would turn rage inward about not being able to keep their job.
Brian Russell stated that there is no mental illness that explains why someone would feel entitled to take their rage out on others.