The VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba.
Venezuela is inserted into the mix at the VII Summit of the Americas.
Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension" due to the inclusion of Venezuela.
Heads of state from 35 countries in the Western Hemisphere have met every three years since the creation of the summit in 1994.
Cuba has historically been a wrench in the diplomatic machinery.
Some Latin American leaders have threatened not to attend the Summit of the Americas if the United States and Canada do not agree to invite President Raul Castro.
The tide changed on December 17, 2014.
President Barack Obama and President Raul Castro announced that more than five decades of Cold War rivalry was ending.
Diplomats from the United States and Cuba immediately began negotiations to establish embassies in Havana and Washington.
Attention immediately focused on the Summit of the Americas after the announcement on December 17, 2014.
For the first time since the about-face, President Barack Obama and President Raul Castro would come face-to-face at the Summit of the Americas.
The much-anticipated handshake between President Barack Obama and President Raul Castro would steal all the headlines.
Cuba's biggest rival is Venezuela.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro recently accused the United States of trying to topple his government.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro banned former President George Bush from entering Venezuela.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro banned former Vice President Dick Cheney from entering Venezuela.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro banned Senator Bob Menendez from entering Venezuela.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro banned Senator Marco Rubio from entering Venezuela.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said that the banned American politicians are terrorists.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro blamed the banned American politicians for what he called terrorist actions in Iraq.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro blamed the banned American politicians for what he called terrorist actions in Syria.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro blamed the banned American politicians for what he called terrorist actions in Vietnam.
The U.S. State Department said the allegations of U.S. involvement in a coup plot against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro were baseless and false.
President Barack Obama issued an executive order sanctioning seven Venezuelan officials for human rights violations.
President Barack Obama said that Venezuela was a threat to national security.
White House officials said that every executive order includes language stating that a country is a threat to national security.
The executive order issued by President Barack Obama has sparked a fiery response from Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been collecting millions of signatures demanding the repeal of the executive order.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro asked for repeal of the executive order in full-page ads in The New York Times.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro asked for repeal of the executive order in a Panama City newspaper.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been rallying other Latin American leaders.
Bolivian President Evo Morales is one of the Latin American leaders that Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been rallying.
Ecuador's President Rafael Correa is one of the Latin American leaders that Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been rallying.
Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega is one of the Latin American leaders that Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been rallying.
Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has sided publicly with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has condemned the unilateral sanctions imposed against Venezuela.
Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has condemned the foreign interference with the purpose of creating a climate of instability in Venezuela.
Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has expressed support for the Bolivarian Revolution.
Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has expressed support for the legitimate government headed by Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
It is unclear if more Latin American diplomats will side with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
The VII Summit of the Americas could go from "mi casa es su casa" to a walk into the lion's den for the United States.