Cathy Olson has lived in Rochelle, Illinois for 40 years.
Cathy Olson has never seen a tornado that big.
Cathy Olson saw the top of the funnel cloud.
The funnel cloud was absolutely massive.
Cathy Olson watched a hulking gray twister grind past her town on Thursday.
The twister tore up the fringes of Rochelle.
One person died in Fairdale, Illinois due to a twister.
The twister shredded homes in Fairdale.
The twister ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs in Fairdale.
Only the thickest branches remained standing in Fairdale.
The death in Fairdale was the only death reported in two days of tornado touchdowns.
Rochelle was fortunate during the tornado events.
Debris was thick on the roads in Kirkland.
Responders searching for trapped residents could not assess the damage or injuries in Kirkland.
A video of a massive twister surfaced on YouTube on Thursday.
The massive twister was barreling across an open field.
The massive twister barely missed farmhouses and barns.
Images of the funnel turned up on social media.
Multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural Midwest on Thursday.
A large and dangerous twister tore across fields in Iowa.
A twister touched down 70 miles outside of St. Louis.
Eight tornadoes were reported on Wednesday in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Missouri.
The Storm Prediction Center reported eight tornadoes.
Residents have come away from the weather spectacle alive.
Hail stones the size of tennis balls plummeted down on Ashton, Illinois.
Severe tornado damage dotted a path near the dense populations of Chicago and Rockford.
The tornado cut a 22-mile path through Ogle County.
Tom Richter is the disaster management coordinator.
A tornado took away Grubsteakers, a local favorite restaurant.
Eric Widick drove up in his truck to help out at Grubsteakers.
Grubsteakers is a little greasy spoon restaurant.
The community will help if one person is in need.
People were inside Grubsteakers when the storm quashed it.
The storm turned over a semitruck parked outside Grubsteakers.
No one was killed or seriously injured at Grubsteakers.
A patron was trapped inside a restroom for about half an hour during the storm.
People had been eating at Grubsteakers for some 25 years.
People will miss Grubsteakers.
The tornado flattened some of Cathy Olson's friends' homes in Rochelle.
Cathy Olson was at her mother's house during the tornado.
Cathy Olson had to think about her husband, Chet.
Chet was reelected mayor of Rochelle the day before the tornado.
Chet has a job ahead of him.
Cathy Olson has not been able to get a hold of Chet.
Cathy Olson knows Chet is in touch with the sheriff and is safe.
Sheriff Brian VanVickle told journalists that the tornado spared life and limb in Ogle County.
Some people in Ogle County had easily treatable injuries.
Ogle County lost 20 homes due to the tornado.
One of the lost homes belonged to Sheriff Brian VanVickle.
Fifty to 100 houses had significant damage in Ogle County.
Only foundations remained of some homes in Ogle County.
Dan Gottschalk is a storm chaser.
Dan Gottschalk said people could hear hissing from where the structures used to be.
Lindsey Clark is a reporter from CNN affiliate WREX.
Rescuers were pulling trapped people from a home in the Rochelle area.
VanVickle was newly elected sheriff of Rochelle on Wednesday.
The storm took VanVickle's house and his sister-in-law's house.
VanVickle had the clothes on his back after the storm.
VanVickle's family was not at home when the storm hit.
VanVickle's family was on the way to Louisville during the storm.
VanVickle's dog was in the basement during the storm.
VanVickle's dog survived the storm.
The tornado was the first tornado Sheriff Brian VanVickle had ever seen in his county.
Sheriff Brian VanVickle has lived in the county all his life.
Sheriff Brian VanVickle is the fifth generation in the county.
Sheriff Brian VanVickle's mom said this is the first time she has ever seen a tornado.
Sheriff Brian VanVickle is thankful that the National Weather Service warned of a possible tornado.
The warning from the National Weather Service saved lives, according to Sheriff Brian VanVickle.
The National Weather Service warned of a "particularly dangerous situation." People across the Midwest should be on alert for severe weather.
Tornado watches were set to run out early Friday.