The nation's top stories will unfold Tuesday in courthouses and political arenas across the country.
Massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory.
The two trials are those of former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez and Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
Both trials are lengthy.
Both trials are coming to a close.
Sen. Rand Paul made the announcement that he will run for president.
The announcement by Sen. Rand Paul was not surprising.
Voters will head to the polls in a runoff between Mayor Rahm Emanuel and challenger Jesus "Chuy" Garcia.
The runoff between Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Jesus "Chuy" Garcia is surprising.
The shadow of Michael Brown will loom large over Ferguson, Missouri's elections.
Michael Brown was shot by Officer Darren Wilson.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of detonating a bomb at the 2013 Boston Marathon.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's brother is now deceased.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty if he is found guilty.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces 17 capital counts against him.
One of the capital counts against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev includes setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism.
Survivors and victims' families wept on Monday.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev fidgeted at a defense table on Monday.
Jurors heard a prosecutor allege that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets."
The jury began deliberations on Tuesday morning.
The jury is expected to have a lengthy deliberation process on 30 total charges.
There will be a penalty phase if Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on any counts.
Prosecutors took months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that Aaron Hernandez killed semi-pro player Odin Lloyd.
Aaron Hernandez's defense team wrapped up its witnesses in less than a day on Monday.
Closing arguments are scheduled for Tuesday.
The jury will begin deliberations soon after closing arguments.
Jurors in Fall River, Massachusetts, will decide if Aaron Hernandez is culpable in the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
Odin Lloyd's body was found in a Massachusetts industrial park in the summer of 2013.
Much of the evidence against Aaron Hernandez is circumstantial.
The jury will consider Robert Kraft's testimony.
The jury will consider the testimony of Aaron Hernandez's fiancée.
The jury will consider some grainy footage from Aaron Hernandez's home security system.
The jury will consider a footprint left by a Nike Air Jordan shoe.
Sen. Rand Paul is expected to hit the campaign trail visiting early voters in New Hampshire, South Carolina, Iowa, and Nevada.
Sen. Rand Paul rode a wave of tea party popularity into the Senate in 2010.
Sen. Rand Paul built a brand of mainstream libertarianism in the Senate.
Sen. Rand Paul is banking on a coalition of younger voters and traditional Republicans to help him in his presidential bid.
Sen. Rand Paul made the surprising announcement that he will not run for president.
Sen. Rand Paul and Sen. Ted Cruz are the only declared candidates for the GOP nomination.
The field for the GOP nomination could grow.
The field for the GOP nomination could include Florida's Jeb Bush.
The field for the GOP nomination could include New Jersey's Chris Christie.
The field for the GOP nomination could include Wisconsin's Scott Walker.
The field for the GOP nomination could include South Carolina's Lindsey Graham.
The field for the GOP nomination could include Florida's Marco Rubio.
The runoff in Chicago is the first for a citywide office.
The runoff is being billed as a battle for the "future of Chicago."
In one corner of the runoff, there is Mayor Rahm Emanuel.
In the other corner of the runoff, there is Jesus "Chuy" Garcia.
Jesus "Chuy" Garcia is a county commissioner.
Jesus "Chuy" Garcia embodies populist and liberal Democrats' frustrations with Mayor Rahm Emanuel.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel failed to secure half the vote in February's general election.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel will go head-to-head with Jesus "Chuy" Garcia.
Easter, Passover, and spring break appear to have spurred more than 142,000 early votes.
The number of early votes is up from about 90,000 before the first round of voting in February.
The national spotlight shone on Ferguson following Michael Brown's death.
Ferguson's predominantly black population is woefully underrepresented in its police force.
Ferguson's predominantly black population is woefully underrepresented in its City Council.
Only four in 10 city residents hit the polls in November to cast ballots.
Two black men are running for one of the open seats in Ferguson's election.
The current lone black council member is not up for re-election.
In another ward, two black women and two white men are vying for an open seat.
A white protester is running for a third post in Ferguson's election.