The man accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in Seoul last month is now charged with attempted murder.
Kim Ki-Jong has been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy.
Kim Ki-Jong has been charged with business obstruction.
Kim Ki-Jong's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment.
Mark Lippert was stabbed on March 5.
Mark Lippert was stabbed during an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation.
The Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation advocates peaceful reunification between North and South Korea.
The attacker slashed Mark Lippert in the face.
The attacker slashed Mark Lippert in the jaw.
Mark Lippert suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw.
Mark Lippert's gash required 80 stitches.
Mark Lippert's wound measured 10 centimeters long.
Mark Lippert's wound measured 2.5 centimeters deep.
There was no serious facial nerve damage to Mark Lippert.
Dr. Jung Nam-shik is from the Yonsei Severance Hospital.
Mark Lippert suffered five cuts in his left arm.
Mark Lippert suffered five cuts in his hand.
Mark Lippert was not expected to have permanent damage to his arm function.
Kim Ki-Jong stabbed Mark Lippert with a 10-inch knife.
Kim Ki-Jong opposed the joint South Korean-U.S. military drills.
The joint South Korean-U.S. military drills happen every year.
The joint South Korean-U.S. military drills frequently draw the ire of North Korea.
Kim Ki-Jong visited North Korea seven times between 1999 and 2007.
Authorities are investigating a possible connection between Kim Ki-Jong's visits to North Korea and the attack against Mark Lippert.
Kim Ki-Jong's trial must begin within 30 days of receiving today's indictment.
Kim Ki-Jong is 55 years old.
Kim Ki-Jong has a history of unpredictable behavior.
In 2010, Kim Ki-Jong received a suspended two-year prison sentence.
Kim Ki-Jong received a suspended two-year prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at a Japanese ambassador to South Korea.
South Korean President Park Geun-hye condemned the attack.
Park Geun-hye stated that the incident is not only a physical attack on the U.S. ambassador.
Park Geun-hye stated that the incident is an attack on the South Korea-U.S. alliance.
Park Geun-hye stated that the attack can never be tolerated.
CNN's Madison Park contributed to this report.
CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.