Eyewitness video shows North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager shooting to death an unarmed black man.
The shooting victim is 50-year-old Walter Scott.
Michael Slager has been fired.
Michael Slager has been charged with murder.
A bystander's cell phone video began after an alleged struggle on the ground between Michael Slager and Walter Scott.
The video shows Michael Slager shooting at Walter Scott eight times.
Walter Scott was hit five times.
If words were exchanged between Michael Slager and Walter Scott, those words are not audible on the tape.
It is unclear what happened before Walter Scott ran.
It is unclear why Walter Scott ran.
Michael Slager initially said that he used a Taser on Walter Scott.
Michael Slager said that Walter Scott tried to take the Taser.
Before Michael Slager opens fire, the video shows a dark object falling behind Walter Scott and hitting the ground.
It is unclear whether that dark object is the Taser.
Later in the video, when Michael Slager approaches Walter Scott's body, Michael Slager appears to drop a dark object near Walter Scott.
Michael Slager is seen in the video handcuffing Walter Scott after the shooting.
Feidin Santana recorded the video of the shooting.
Feidin Santana said he didn't see Walter Scott grab Michael Slager's Taser.
Feidin Santana's account contradicts what Michael Slager told dispatchers.
Feidin Santana was walking to his job in North Charleston on Saturday morning.
Feidin Santana saw Michael Slager chase Walter Scott.
Walter Scott had been pulled over for a broken taillight.
Feidin Santana told NBC's Lester Holt that he saw Michael Slager and Walter Scott struggling on the ground.
Feidin Santana said that Michael Slager had control of the situation.
Feidin Santana said that Michael Slager had control of Walter Scott.
Feidin Santana said he heard the sound of a Taser being used.
Feidin Santana believed Walter Scott was trying to get away from the Taser.
Michael Slager initially said that he did not use a Taser on Walter Scott.
Walter Scott never got the Taser or used it on Michael Slager.
A North Charleston Police report included brief statements from eight police officers.
Michael Slager did not provide a statement for the North Charleston Police report.
One officer, identified as Sgt. J. Gann, was conducting a separate traffic stop about 9:30 a.m. Saturday.
Sgt. J. Gann heard Michael Slager say he was "in foot pursuit" of another motorist.
Sgt. J. Gann was driving to Michael Slager's location.
Michael Slager advised that he deployed his Taser and requested backup units.
Sgt. J. Gann heard Michael Slager tell a dispatcher, "Shots fired and the subject is down. He took my Taser."
Hours after the shooting, police spokesman Spencer Pryor said Michael Slager attempted to use his Taser to stop a fleeing suspect.
The men struggled over the Taser.
The suspect took the Taser and attempted to use it against Michael Slager.
Another officer, J. Banias, was heading to the scene about 10 minutes after the initial call.
Michael Slager asked J. Banias to secure his vehicle at the site of the traffic stop.
J. Banias spoke to a passenger in the car Walter Scott was driving.
The passenger was detained and placed in the back seat of J. Banias's vehicle.
The passenger's identity was not given in the report.
J. Banias reported that the passenger was detained.
Ryan Julison confirmed to CNN that a man was with Walter Scott.
Ryan Julison said the man is not related to Walter Scott's family.
Walter Scott's family declined to provide any more information.
The North Charleston Police Department is not providing additional information.
The North Charleston Police Department cited an ongoing investigation of Walter Scott's killing.
Sgt. J. Gann arrived at the shooting scene.
An officer identified only as Habersham was administering first aid to Walter Scott.
Sgt. J. Gann exited his vehicle and assisted Officer Habersham with first aid and CPR to Walter Scott.
Sgt. J. Gann and Officer Habersham continued to perform first aid and CPR until EMS arrived.
When EMS and first responders arrived, EMS took care of providing care to Walter Scott.
Walter Scott was pronounced deceased a short time later.
Officer Habersham did not mention performing CPR in his account.
Officer Habersham attempted to render aid to Walter Scott by applying pressure to the gunshot wounds.
Officer Habersham directed the best route for EMS and fire to get to Walter Scott faster.
Sgt. Webb requested an ambulance.
Sgt. Webb saw Officer Habersham administering chest compressions to Walter Scott at 9:41 a.m.
North Charleston Police Chief Eddie Driggers was asked whether CPR was performed on Walter Scott.
Eddie Driggers said he does not know if CPR was performed on Walter Scott.
Eddie Driggers was told that life-saving measures were attempted to save Walter Scott's life.
North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey added that not every North Charleston police officer is CPR certified.