The United States Department of Justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs.
The charges against FedEx are serious.
A 15-count indictment has been filed in federal court in California.
The indictment includes accusations of conspiracies.
The indictment includes accusations of transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions.
The indictment includes violations of the Controlled Substances Act.
The indictment includes misbranding charges.
The indictment includes money laundering charges.
FedEx is a courier delivery service.
A corporation can be prosecuted like a person.
The Supreme Court has approved the prosecution of corporations for over a century.
Corporations are easier to prosecute than people.
Corporations do not have all the same constitutional rights as citizens accused of crimes.
Imprisoning convicted citizens is expensive.
Corporate convictions turn tidy profits for the U.S. government.
Corporate convictions have zero prison overhead.
FedEx maintains that it is innocent.
The concept of "possession" is elusive.
The law recognizes two kinds of possession: actual possession and constructive possession.
Actual possession is when a person has physical control over contraband.
A person "actually" possesses something when they have it in their hand or pocket.
Constructive possession means a person can "possess" something without having it on their person.
Constructive possession applies as long as a person has ownership, dominion, or control over contraband or the property where it is found.
The government would argue that a person constructively possessed 5,000 OxyContin pills in the trunk of their car parked in their driveway.
A courier can drive to a home, walk up to a door, and hand a package to a recipient without knowing what is inside the package.
A UPS driver does not intentionally "possess" a subscription to pornography magazines.
A "common carrier" offers services to the public without much discretion.
A common carrier is engaged in the business of transporting persons or property for compensation.
The public policy reasons behind "common carrier" exemptions make sense.
The industry could not function if every driver, courier, and handler had to obtain a prescription for opiates to deliver them.
The Controlled Substances Act allows common carriers to lawfully possess controlled substances in the usual course of their business.
The "usual course of business" language acts as an additional safety measure.
FedEx's lawyers offer the example of an airline whose sole activity is flying controlled substances from Jamaica to Miami.
This airline would not be acting in the usual course of business of a common carrier.
FedEx argues that it is a common carrier.
FedEx is performing the normal duties of a common carrier.
FedEx is engaged in the business of transportation of property.
FedEx offers its services to the public generally.
The Department of Justice disagrees with the idea of extending liability to common carriers for possession of contraband.
The Department of Justice has brought a criminal prosecution against FedEx.
The indictment states that from at least as early as 2004, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Food and Drug Administration, and members of Congress put FedEx on notice.
Illegal Internet pharmacies were using FedEx's shipping services to distribute controlled substances.
FedEx knew that it was delivering drugs to dealers and addicts as early as 2004.
FedEx's couriers in Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia expressed safety concerns.
FedEx's safety concerns were circulated to FedEx senior management.
The Department of Justice argues that FedEx knew or should have known in specific instances that it was involving itself in suspicious drug activity.
The government imposes its will and policy upon large corporations.
The government aims to force FedEx to help law enforcement in policing pharmaceutical transportation.
The government extracts large sums of money from corporations in "deferred prosecution agreements." Most companies prefer to enter into deferred prosecution agreements.
A public prosecution alone would be tantamount to a death sentence for a company.
Every defense attorney would love to offer clients the option to avoid felony conviction by agreeing to pay fines.
The author wants to prosecute the black market.
The author wants to prosecute individuals who send spam emails with "V1AGRA" in the subject line.
The Department of Justice's underlying intentions are to attack the supply line of the illegal drug market.
The Department of Justice's intentions are to attack the actual supply chain.
The financial sense of prosecuting corporations may not seem good in the short run.
The money extracted from corporations has to come from somewhere.
The extraction of money from corporations may lead to job cuts.
The extraction of money from corporations may lead to less leg room on flights.
Treating corporations as fictional "persons" has been done for centuries.
It is silly to treat corporations as persons in all ways.
FedEx has a strong argument for dismissal in this case.
FedEx will not be swapping its logo orange for prison orange anytime soon.