NASA scientists discussed the steps to discovering life elsewhere in the universe.
NASA scientists discussed these steps over the next decade or two.
This year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun.
The planet discovered around a star like our own sun is 51 Pegasi.
Ground-based surveys have discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed exoplanets.
NASA's Kepler satellite has discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed exoplanets.
Thousands more candidates await confirmation.
Many of these planetary systems are unlike our own solar system.
Some large planets like Jupiter orbit their stars far closer than Mercury.
Mercury is the innermost planet in our solar system.
Smaller rocky planets like Earth appear to be more abundant.
Life on Earth developed in its oceans about a billion years after the planet formed.
Rocky planets with liquid water on their surfaces might have developed primitive forms of life.
Life as we know it is carbon-based.
Life as we know it requires liquid water.
Astronomers define the habitable zone around a star as the region within which liquid water can exist on a planet's surface.
If a planet is closer to the star, the water will boil into vapor.
If a planet is farther from the star, the water freezes into ice.
Astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy.
Single-celled organisms developed 3.8 billion years ago.
Single-celled organisms remained the most sophisticated form of life for another billion years.
Mammals appeared about 200 million years ago.
Humans have existed for only 200,000 years.
Intelligent life that can communicate via radio waves with other intelligent life is less than 100 years old on Earth.
Planets that develop simple forms of life may be a dime a dozen.
The number of planets that have sentient beings with whom to converse is likely to be tiny.
Life that can use radio waves has existed on Earth for only 0.000002% of the planet's history.
Life that can use radio waves has existed on Earth for 100 years out of 4.5 billion years.
The odds of discovering humanlike life on rocky, Earth-like exoplanets are about the same as winning a state lottery with one ticket.
Intelligent life that can communicate via radio waves with other intelligent life is more than 1000 years old on Earth.
If there are 40 billion Earth-like planets, the odds of discovering intelligent life improve.
If all Earth-like planets have histories like Earth's, there might be 1,000 planets in the Milky Way that could support communicative beings.
The chance that those beings evolved on exactly the same time scale is minuscule.
Another planet's 100 years of brilliance might have occurred a billion years ago.
Another planet's 100 years of brilliance might happen a billion years in the future.
A lot depends on how long communication capabilities last.
Civilizations that can build huge telescopes and broadcast stations also have the technology to destroy their planet.
The duration of the Communication Age on a planet could be short.
The average light-travel-time to such a planet could be tens of thousands of years.
Unless humans evolve to be ageless, humans are not exchanging IMs with aliens anytime soon.
If advanced civilizations can maintain their capabilities for millions of years or more, the chances of communicating with them are not negligible.
If advanced civilizations can maintain their capabilities for millions of years or more, they are likely to be far more sophisticated than humans.
If advanced civilizations wanted humans to know they exist, they would simply tell humans.
The SETI project has been listening for broadcasts in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence for more than 30 years.
The most likely form of life on exoplanets is far more primitive.
Astronomers have found signatures of organic molecules in the interstellar material that permeates the space between stars in our galaxy.
Possible signatures of living organisms on distant exoplanets include an oxygen-rich atmosphere.
An oxygen-rich atmosphere is created by the first bacteria on Earth.
Possible signatures of living organisms on distant exoplanets include methane.
Possible signatures of living organisms on distant exoplanets include carbon dioxide.
NASA's James Webb Space Telescope will look for evidence of life in the atmospheres of rocky, habitable exoplanets.
NASA's rovers have shown that Mars was once much more habitable.
Mars had fresh-water lakes and streams of water running along its surface.
Some water still remains on Mars.
There may yet be life discovered on Mars.
New missions plan to look at Europa and Ganymede.
Europa and Ganymede are moons of Jupiter that have liquid water below their icy surfaces.
Life elsewhere in the universe is practically inevitable.
Life elsewhere in our own Milky Way galaxy is practically inevitable.
Signs of life on exoplanets orbiting nearby stars will probably be discovered in the coming decades.
Signs of life on exoplanets will probably be discovered with advanced telescopes.
The chance of talking to extraterrestrial beings will probably have to wait for another few hundred million years.