I was elected to the Kentucky State Senate in 1967.
I became the first woman to serve in the Kentucky State Senate.
I became the first person of color to serve in the Kentucky State Senate.
Five decades later, a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign.
The politician attempting to launch his presidential campaign is Rand Paul.
Rand Paul declared he is running for president of the United States.
Rand Paul's campaign team told reporters last week about his campaign announcement message.
Rand Paul's campaign announcement message is about "expanding the Republican Party."
Rand Paul's campaign announcement message is a message of inclusion.
Those of us listening today heard a genuine message of inclusion from Rand Paul.
I do not believe Rand Paul's message of inclusion.
Since coming to the U.S. Senate, Rand Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
Rand Paul has tried to brand himself as the GOP's minority outreach candidate.
The GOP does not back up their words with their policies.
It is about time that Republicans started seriously considering that black voters are an important piece of the electoral puzzle.
Republicans cannot appeal to the black community unless they have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities.
A quick survey of Rand Paul's positions makes clear that he does not have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities.
Rand Paul kicked off his announcement speech in Louisville.
Rand Paul declared, "I have a message that is loud and clear: We have come to take our country back."
I have no doubt that under Rand Paul's leadership, he would take our country back in the wrong direction.
Rand Paul would take our country back to a time when we were debating the Civil Rights Act.
Rand Paul has debated the Civil Rights Act since landing on the national stage.
Rand Paul thinks the Department of Education "should be done away with."
Rand Paul seeks to limit women's choices in Washington.
Rand Paul currently opposes protections for DREAMers from deportation.
Rand Paul has come across as condescending in his speaking engagements at historically black colleges and universities.
Rand Paul lacks basic cultural competency.
Rand Paul has questioned the Civil Rights Act.
Rand Paul claimed that private business owners have a right to discriminate.
Rand Paul remarked, "We have an African-American President" when asked about the need for a more robust Voting Rights Act.
President Obama stood with John Lewis and other veterans of the civil rights movement in front of the Edmund Pettus Bridge last month.
President Obama inspired us all by saying, "With effort, we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity."
President Obama inspired us all by saying, "With effort, we can protect the foundation stone of our democracy for which so many marched across this bridge -- and that is the right to vote."
America is better with more democracy.
We solve more problems with more democracy.
Rand Paul has demonstrated that he disagrees with the principle of more democracy.
Rand Paul tried to fashion himself as the one member of his party courageous enough to broaden Republican appeal.
Rand Paul's record makes it clear that his views are outdated.
Rand Paul's views are outside of the mainstream.
Rand Paul's views are disqualifying for a man who wants to lead our country.
The American people deserve a leader who won't disrespect their intelligence.
The American people deserve a leader who won't pander to them when it's convenient.
The American people deserve a leader who won't work to dismantle the progress made over the last five decades.
What I heard today did not change the facts about Rand Paul's record.
The American people deserve better than Rand Paul.