Bullets were flying during the incident in Atlanta.
Banged-up cars were present during the incident in Atlanta.
The FBI was chasing an armed robbery suspect in Atlanta.
Two FBI agents were injured in a crash during the incident in Atlanta.
The suspect was shot before being captured in Atlanta.
FBI agents and task force officers were following 36-year-old Kevone Charleston of Austell, Georgia.
Kevone Charleston pulled into a CVS pharmacy in Forsyth County, Georgia, early Saturday.
Kevone Charleston is suspected of involvement in 15 commercial robberies.
The 15 commercial robberies date to November 2013.
The incident happened around 7 o'clock Saturday morning.
Multiple agents and officers were following Kevone Charleston based on his prior MO.
Agents moved in when they saw Kevone Charleston was about to rob another CVS.
Kevone Charleston parked his vehicle nearby.
Kevone Charleston popped the hood of his vehicle as if there were something wrong.
Kevone Charleston walked to the CVS, preparing to enter.
Agents confronted Kevone Charleston.
Kevone Charleston ran after agents confronted him.
Kevone Charleston got in his car and traveled about 75 yards.
Agents opened fire when Kevone Charleston traveled about 75 yards.
Several FBI vehicles were rammed or hit by Kevone Charleston's vehicle.
One government vehicle sustained heavy damage to its front and side.
Another government SUV ended up on its side.
The two agents sustained their injuries when Kevone Charleston was trying to flee.
Twelve FBI agents followed Kevone Charleston.
Six government vehicles followed Kevone Charleston.
Kevone Charleston collided with the first government vehicle, the Taurus.
Kevone Charleston collided with the second government vehicle.
The SUV ended up on its side after colliding with Kevone Charleston's vehicle.
The perp was stopped 8 feet away in the median.
The perp received gunshot wounds in the median.
The two agents were treated at an area hospital.
The two agents were released from the area hospital.
The two agents are fine according to FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett.
Kevone Charleston was shot and wounded by FBI agents and task force officers.
Kevone Charleston's injuries are not life threatening according to Forsyth County Sheriff's Deputy Robin Regan.
FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett declined to give details of the 32 previous robberies.
The investigation of the 32 previous robberies was intensive.
The investigation of the 32 previous robberies was already underway.
The investigation of the 32 previous robberies was a priority for the FBI's violent crimes and major offender squad.
Kevone Charleston's MO involved armed confrontations.
FBI officers went into the situation fully prepared for an armed confrontation.
FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett is relieved that the FBI's officers and agents are OK.
FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett is relieved that Kevone Charleston is in custody.
The incident was the conclusion of an intensive and lengthy investigation.