Jesus tells the rich man to sell all that the rich man owns and distribute the money to the poor.
Jesus tells the rich man that he will have treasure in heaven if he sells all that he owns and distributes the money to the poor.
Jesus tells the rich man to come and follow him.
Jesus invokes a mantra repeatedly that the poor are blessed.
Jesus states that it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for the well-to-do to enter paradise.
Jesus tells his Twelve Apostles to leave their day jobs.
Jesus tells his Twelve Apostles to follow him on an itinerant mission.
Jesus' itinerant mission has few prospects of success.
Jesus' itinerant mission has no visible means of support.
Money is a concern for Jesus and his Twelve Apostles.
Money is not just an impediment to salvation.
The New Testament mentions money 37 times.
The New Testament mentions "gold" 38 times.
The New Testament mentions "silver" 20 times.
The New Testament mentions "copper" four times.
The New Testament mentions "coin" eight times.
The New Testament mentions "purse" six times.
The New Testament mentions "denarii" six times.
The total number of currency referrals in the New Testament is 119.
Six days before Passover, Jesus is in Bethany at the house of his friend Lazarus.
Jesus raised Lazarus from the dead.
A woman named Mary takes a jar of costly perfumed oil.
Mary anoints the feet of the reclining Jesus with the costly perfumed oil.
Mary dries the feet of Jesus with her hair.
Judas Iscariot objects to Mary's act of anointing Jesus' feet.
Judas asks why the perfume was not sold for three hundred denarii.
Judas asks why the money was not given to the poor.
Three hundred denarii was the annual wage of a laborer.
Jesus tells Judas to leave Mary alone.
Jesus states that the anointing will be useful for his burial.
Jesus states that the poor will always be present.
Jesus states that he will not always be present.
The Jesus community had a common purse.
The Jesus community needed money to survive.
Rabbi Joshua Garroway imagines that the ministry functioned at a subsistence level.
Jesus and his disciples walked.
Jesus and his disciples wore what they had.
Jesus and his disciples slept outside or stayed in friends' homes.
Jesus and his disciples ate what they caught or what others shared.
Rabbi Joshua Garroway ventures to guess that begging and hospitality sufficed to meet the basic needs of Jesus and his companions.
Rabbi Joshua Garroway states that it was possible that Jesus and his followers received donations from supporters.
Rabbi Joshua Garroway states that it was likely that Jesus and his followers received substantial donations from some rich people.
The rich people were drawn to Jesus' ministry despite his preaching on the perils of wealth.
The Gospel of Luke describes how Jesus' ministry functioned on a practical level.
Jesus went on through cities and villages.
Jesus proclaimed the good news of the kingdom of God.
The twelve Apostles were with Jesus.
Some women who had been cured of evil spirits and infirmities were with Jesus.
Mary, called Magdalene, had seven demons cast out of her.
Joanna was the wife of Herod's steward Chuza.
Susanna was one of the women who provided for Jesus.
Many others provided for Jesus out of their resources.
Women whom Jesus had healed provided for him out of their resources.
Mary Magdalene was identified as a financial supporter of Jesus.
Mary Magdalene likely came from the prosperous town of Magdala.
Magdala was home to a thriving fishing industry.
Magdala had dye and textile works.
Mary Magdalene could have come from an affluent family.
Mary Magdalene could have been a successful businesswoman.
Mary Magdalene was free to travel the country with Jesus and his disciples.
Mary Magdalene was unlikely to have a husband and children waiting for her at home.
Mary Magdalene traveled with Jesus despite having a husband and children at home.
Mary Magdalene was one of Jesus' most devoted followers.
Mary Magdalene stuck with Jesus all the way from Galilee to Jerusalem.
Mary Magdalene stuck with Jesus from the ministry to the cross and the tomb.
Mary Magdalene provided for Jesus from her own means.
The Gospels explain that Mary Magdalene was one of the key figures in Jesus' everyday mission.
Mary Magdalene was one of the women who made Jesus' mission viable.
Men like Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus may have chipped in to help fund Jesus' ministry.
Joseph of Arimathea was a man of stature and wealth.
Nicodemus was a man of stature and wealth.
The Gospels reveal that Joseph of Arimathea was rich.
The Gospels reveal that Nicodemus supported Jesus.
Joseph of Arimathea removed Jesus from the cross on Good Friday.
Joseph of Arimathea anointed Jesus' body with the help of Nicodemus.
Joseph of Arimathea placed Jesus in the tomb that he had reserved for himself.
After the resurrection on the first Easter Sunday, the movement Jesus started grew exponentially.
The church's relationship to money grew more complicated after the resurrection.
The needs of the church became greater after the resurrection.
Michael McKinley is co-author of "Finding Jesus: Faith. Fact. Forgery.: Six Holy Objects That Tell the Remarkable Story of the Gospels."
David Gibson is co-author of "Finding Jesus: Faith. Fact. Forgery.: Six Holy Objects That Tell the Remarkable Story of the Gospels."