Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York nightclub early Wednesday.
Two Atlanta Hawks were arrested after the stabbing incident.
The two Atlanta Hawks were involved in the stabbing incident.
The two Atlanta Hawks were arrested on obstruction and other charges.
New York Police Department Detective Kelly Ort told CNN the incident occurred just before 4 a.m.
The incident occurred at 1OAK, a club in New York's Chelsea neighborhood.
1OAK is known to draw celebrities among its clientele.
1OAK staff was unaware of the incident when it happened.
The stabbing occurred in front of the Fulton Houses project down the street from 1OAK.
1OAK's team assisted Chris Copeland to their fullest capabilities.
1OAK called for help as soon as Chris Copeland was seen walking back towards the venue.
A review of the video footage seems to reveal the incident did not originate from 1OAK.
The incident did not occur in the immediate surroundings that are under 1OAK supervision.
Chris Copeland and a female companion, Katrine Saltara, were in 1OAK for about 10 minutes before leaving.
Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara walked down the street toward Fulton Houses.
Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara's car was parked at Fulton Houses.
The suspect never entered 1OAK.
The suspect stabbed Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara in front of Fulton Houses.
Chris Copeland's driver sprang to accost and detain the apparent perpetrator.
The apparent perpetrator is now in police custody.
Charges against the suspect are pending.
The suspect's name will be released once charges are filed.
Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara tried to make their way back to 1OAK to seek help.
Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara left a "bloody trail of handprints" between the site of the stabbing and 1OAK.
Chris Copeland almost landed right next to 1OAK.
Surveillance footage will not show the actual stabbing.
The actual stabbing occurred too far away from 1OAK.
1OAK shut down immediately after the incident.
A male and two females were taken to area hospitals.
A knife was recovered.
A suspect was arrested.
Two individuals not involved in the dispute were arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct.
Pero Antic, 32, was arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct.
Thabo Sefolosha, 30, was arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct.
Thabo Sefolosha faces an additional charge of resisting arrest.
Word of the stabbing quickly spread through 1OAK.
Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha went outside to check on their friend, Chris Copeland.
Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha began pushing their way through a crowd that had gathered around the scene.
Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha's actions led to their arrests.
Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha will contest the charges.
Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha look forward to communicating the facts of the situation at the appropriate time.
Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha apologize to their respective families, teammates, and the Hawks' organization.
The Hawks are in New York for a Wednesday night game against the Brooklyn Nets.
Neither Pero Antic nor Thabo Sefolosha will be in uniform for the game.
Local media identified the injured man as Chris Copeland, 31.
Chris Copeland is from Orange, New Jersey.
The Pacers released a statement saying Chris Copeland suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen.
Chris Copeland is in stable condition at a New York hospital.
Larry Bird, the Pacers' president of basketball operations, said the Pacers are aware that Chris Copeland was injured early Wednesday morning.
The Pacers are still gathering information about Chris Copeland's injury.
The Pacers will update when they know more about Chris Copeland's condition.
Larry Bird's thoughts are with Chris Copeland and those injured.
Chris Copeland's agent, John Spencer, issued a statement expressing concern about the safety of Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara.
John Spencer does not have any details at this particular time.
John Spencer said all he can do is pray and wait.
The NBA and the Hawks front office are looking into the incident.
The Hawks spokesman, Garin Narain, said they are aware of the situation involving Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha.
The Hawks are in the process of gathering more information about the incident.
The Pacers are slated to play the New York Knicks on Wednesday night.
Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara had only recently arrived in New York prior to their arrests.
Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha were on the court for the Hawks' 96-69 win over the Phoenix Suns in Atlanta on Tuesday night.
Pero Antic played 12 minutes in the game against the Suns.
Thabo Sefolosha played 20 minutes in the game against the Suns.
The game against the Suns ended around 10 p.m.
Chris Copeland is 6 feet 8 inches tall.
A 22-year-old Brooklyn man approached Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara.
There was some sort of dispute before the suspect stabbed Chris Copeland.
The suspect slashed Katrine Saltara.
The suspect slashed another woman.
Katrine Saltara suffered cuts to her arm, breast, and buttock.
The other woman suffered a slash to her stomach.
WCBS reported that the second woman was 53 years old.
WABC reported that the second woman was 23 years old.
Images published in the New York Daily News showed a considerable amount of blood on the sidewalk.
Images published in the New York Daily News showed a white sports coupe roped off with police tape.
Images published in the New York Daily News showed several streaks of blood on the driver's side of the white sports coupe.
Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha interfered with officers trying to establish a crime scene.
One of the Hawks pushed a police officer.
The Hawks are preparing for a historic playoff run after clinching the No. 1 seed in the NBA's Eastern Conference.
Tuesday's win over the Suns marked a franchise-best 58 wins in a season for the Hawks.
The Pacers sit in the conference's 10th spot.
The Pacers are only one game out of playoff contention.