The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is the world's biggest and most powerful physics experiment.
The LHC is a particle accelerator.
The LHC is the largest machine in the world.
The LHC is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
Problems delayed the restart of the LHC in March.
Scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) completed final tests for the LHC.
The first beams started circulating inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 km) ring on Sunday.
CERN's purpose is to operate accelerators for the benefit of the physics community.
CERN's heart beats to the rhythm of the LHC.
The LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second.
A beam in the LHC circulates for 10 hours.
A beam in the LHC travels more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
The distance from Earth to Neptune and back again is more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
A proton in the LHC makes 11,245 circuits per second at near light-speed.
Thousands of scientists, engineers, and technicians took decades to devise and build the LHC.
The LHC is housed in a tunnel between Lake Geneva and the Jura mountain range.
The machine alone costs only one million euros (about $1.1 million).
The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang." The scientific theory explains the creation of the universe.
Scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved by replicating the energy density and temperature.
Our current knowledge is based on The Standard Model of particle physics.
The Standard Model of particle physics is not complete.
Dr. Mike Lamont is the operations group leader at the LHC.
The burning questions that remain include the origin of mass.
The burning questions that remain include why some particles are very heavy.
The burning questions that remain include why some particles have no mass at all.
The burning questions that remain include a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity.
The burning questions that remain include uncovering dark matter and dark energy.
Visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe.
The LHC could question the idea that the universe is only made of matter.
The theory states that antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the Big Bang.
The energies achievable by the LHC have only ever been found in nature.
The machine alone costs approximately three billion euros (about $3.3 billion).
The costs of the LHC are paid for by member countries of CERN and contributions by non-member nations.
CERN's guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by Swiss laws.
CERN's guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by French laws.
CERN's guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with a European Council Directive.
Scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting as the LHC ventures into the great unknown.
The LHC is in great shape after two years of effort.
The most important step is to increase the energy of the beams to new record levels.
Frédérick Bordry is the CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology.
Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report.