Chad sent a delegation of two athletes to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
Moumi Sébergué competed in the men's 100 meters at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed in the women's 100 meters at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert bore the Chadian flag during ceremonies at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Moumi Sébergué ranked first in his heat at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert ranked first in her heat at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Moumi Sébergué advanced past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert advanced past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
The appearance of the delegation marked the tenth appearance of Chad at the Summer Olympics.
Chad's first appearance at the Summer Olympics was in the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Chad's seventh appearance at the Summer Olympics occurred after its Olympic hiatus between 1976 and 1980.
Moumi Sébergué ranked seventh in his heat at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert ranked seventh in her heat at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Moumi Sébergué did not advance past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert did not advance past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
As of the end of the 2012 London Olympics, there have been no medalists from Chad.
Chad is a landlocked country in Africa.
Chad's northern region lies within the eastern reaches of the Sahara Desert.
Chad's southern region lies within the eastern portion of the Sahel.
Chad borders Libya to the south.
Chad borders Niger to the east.
Chad borders Sudan to the west.
Chad borders the Central African Republic to the north.
Chad was originally part of French West Africa until 1960.
Chad declared independence in 1960.
Chad made its début at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Chad became embroiled in civil war for the next three decades.
Chad experienced invasions by Libya.
Chad experienced upheavals by Sudanese-backed rebels.
The civil war in Chad ended in 1990.
Rebel threats persisted in Chad between 1990 and 2008.
Athletes from Chad did not attend the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montréal, Canada.
Athletes from Chad did not attend the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.
Chad sent delegations to all other Summer Olympics between 1964 and 2008.
The largest Chadian delegation to reach the Olympics appeared in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
The largest Chadian delegation to reach the Olympics appeared in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
Chad's National Olympic Committee sent six athletes in both the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics.
The National Olympic Committee sent Chad's first female Olympian during the 1992 Summer Olympics.
At least one woman has been a part of the Chadian delegation up to and including the Beijing games.
The smallest contingency of Chadian Olympians occurred during the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
Only Kaltouma Nadjina competed on Chad's behalf during the 2004 Summer Olympics.
The delegation that arrived in Beijing consisted of two athletes.
Moumi Sébergué was 30 years old at the time of the Beijing Olympics.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert was 15 years old at the time of the Beijing Olympics.
Moumi Sébergué participated in track events at the Beijing Olympics.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert participated in track events at the Beijing Olympics.
Moumi Sébergué competed in the tenth heat against seven other athletes during the qualification round.
Moumi Sébergué finished the race in 11.14 seconds during the qualification round.
Moumi Sébergué placed seventh in his heat during the qualification round.
Moumi Sébergué finished ahead of Tuvalu's Okinali Tinilau during the qualification round.
Moumi Sébergué finished behind Gabon’s Wilfried Bingangoye during the qualification round.
Churandy Martina led the heat in which Moumi Sébergué competed during the qualification round.
Naoki Tsukahara finished second in the heat in which Moumi Sébergué competed during the qualification round.
Of the 80 athletes who participated in the events, Moumi Sébergué ranked 70th.
Moumi Sébergué did not advance to later rounds.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed in the eighth heat against seven other athletes during the qualification round.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished the race in 12.55 seconds during the qualification round.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert placed seventh in her heat during the qualification round.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished ahead of the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Franka Magali during the qualification round.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished behind Papua New Guinea's Mae Koime during the qualification round.
Damola Osayomi led the heat in which Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed during the qualification round.
Debbie Ferguson-McKenzie finished second in the heat in which Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed during the qualification round.
Of the event's 85 competitors, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished in 64th place.
Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert did not advance to round two and beyond.
Ranks given for track events are within the athlete's heat only.