Little Gidding is the fourth poem of T. S. Eliot's Four Quartets.
Little Gidding was first published in September 1942.
The publication of Little Gidding was delayed for over a year because of air raids on Great Britain during World War II.
T. S. Eliot's health was declining when Little Gidding was published.
The title Little Gidding refers to a small Anglican community in Huntingdonshire.
Nicholas Ferrar established the Anglican community in the 17th century.
The Anglican community in Little Gidding was scattered during the English Civil War.
The poem uses the combined image of fire and Pentecostal fire.
The combined image of fire and Pentecostal fire emphasizes the need for purification and purgation.
Humanity's flawed understanding of life leads to a cycle of warfare.
Humanity can overcome the cycle of warfare by recognizing the lessons of the past.
The narrator meets a ghost in Little Gidding.
The ghost is a combination of various poets and literary figures.
Little Gidding focuses on the unity of past, present, and future.
Understanding the unity of past, present, and future is necessary for salvation.
Eliot's health declined after the completion of the third Four Quartets poem, The Dry Salvages.
T. S. Eliot stayed in Shamley Green, Surrey while he recovered.
Eliot started writing Little Gidding during his recovery.
The first draft of Little Gidding was completed in July 1941.
T. S. Eliot was dissatisfied with the first draft of Little Gidding.
Eliot believed the problems with Little Gidding lay with his own inability to write.
Eliot believed he started writing Little Gidding with too little preparation.
Eliot believed he wrote Little Gidding too quickly.
Eliot set Little Gidding aside after completing the first draft.
Eliot left in September to lecture throughout Great Britain.
Eliot began to feel compelled to finish Little Gidding after months of not working on it.
Eliot started working on Little Gidding again in August 1942.
There were five drafts of Little Gidding.
Little Gidding was finished by 19 September 1942.
Little Gidding was published in the October New English Weekly.
Little Gidding was intended to conclude the Four Quartets series.
Little Gidding summarizes T. S. Eliot's views expressed in the Four Quartets series.
Little Gidding was the home of an Anglican community established in 1626 by Nicholas Ferrar.
The Ferrar household lived a Christian life according to High Church principles.
The Ferrar household followed the Book of Common Prayer.
The religious community was dispersed during the English Civil War in 1646.
The church, the center of the community, was restored in 1714.
The church was restored again in 1853.
The image of religious renewal is combined with the image of the London air raids.
The image of religious renewal is combined with the image of constant fighting and destruction within the world.
The compound image discusses the connection of holy places with the Holy Spirit.
The compound image discusses the connection of holy places with Pentecost.
The compound image discusses communion with the dead.
The compound image discusses the repetition of history.
The theme of renewal is internal to T. S. Eliot's own poems.
The image of the rose garden at the end of Little Gidding is the image that begins Burnt Norton.
The journey in Little Gidding is made circular.
The depiction of time within Little Gidding is similar to the way time operates within The Family Reunion.
Little Gidding is the first poem of T. S. Eliot's Four Quartets.
Little Gidding deals with the past, present, and future.
Little Gidding deals with humanity's place within the past, present, and future.
Each generation is seemingly united in Little Gidding.
There is a ghost in the second section of Little Gidding.
The ghost is a compilation of various poets, including Dante, Swift, and Yeats.
The narrator states "Knowing myself yet being someone other" when the ghost joins the poet.
The statement "Knowing myself yet being someone other" suggests that different times merge.
The statement "Knowing myself yet being someone other" suggests that different personalities begin to merge.
The merging of different times and personalities allows communication and connection with the dead.
Humanity is given a choice between the Holy Spirit or the bombing of London in the fourth section of Little Gidding.
Humanity is given a choice between redemption or destruction in the fourth section of Little Gidding.
God's love allows humanity to be redeemed.
God's love allows humanity to escape the living hell through purgation by fire.
The end of Little Gidding describes how T. S. Eliot has attempted to help the world as a poet.
T. S. Eliot parallels his work in language with working on the soul.
T. S. Eliot parallels his work in language with working on society.
The ghost was originally addressed in the poem as "Ser Brunetto."
"Ser Brunetto" was Dante's way of addressing Brunetto Latini.
Brunetto Latini was a former mentor whom Dante meets in Hell.
Brunetto Latini was condemned to Hell for sodomy.
T. S. Eliot explained in a letter to John Hayward dated 27 August 1942 why he changed the wording.
T. S. Eliot believed it was necessary to get rid of Brunetto for two reasons.
The first reason T. S. Eliot believed it was necessary to get rid of Brunetto is that the visionary figure became more definite.
The first reason T. S. Eliot believed it was necessary to get rid of Brunetto is that some readers would identify the visionary figure with Yeats.
T. S. Eliot did not want to take responsibility for putting Yeats or anybody else into Hell.
T. S. Eliot did not want to impute to Yeats the particular vice that took Brunetto to Hell.
The second reason T. S. Eliot believed it was necessary to get rid of Brunetto is that he wished the effect of the whole to be Purgatorial.
The theme of swimming through flames is connected to the depiction of Guido Guinizelli.
Guido Guinizelli is a poet that influenced Dante.
Guido Guinizelli sought a state in Purgatorio XXVI.
The depiction of swimming was transformed into an image of dancing.
The image of dancing appears throughout Yeats's poetry.
The image of dancing appears within purgatorial flames.
The critic Dominic Manganiello suggests that Eliot merges Dante's and Yeats's poetic themes by combining the image of dancing with purgation.
Critics such as Malcolm Cowley describe mixed emotions about the religiosity of Little Gidding.
Malcolm Cowley emphasized the mystical nature of Little Gidding.
Malcolm Cowley believed the themes of Little Gidding were closer to Buddhism than Anglicanism.
Malcolm Cowley mentioned his appreciation of many passages in Little Gidding.
Delmore Schwartz mentioned Buddhist images in Little Gidding.
Delmore Schwartz expressed admiration for many lines in Little Gidding.
F. B. Pinion believed the fourth section of Little Gidding costs Eliot more trouble and vexation than any passage of the same length he ever wrote.
F. B. Pinion believed the fourth section of Little Gidding is Eliot's greatest achievement in the Four Quartets.
E. M. Forster did not like T. S. Eliot's emphasis on pain.
E. M. Forster responded to Little Gidding by stating that there is pain on and off through each individual's life.
E. M. Forster stated that one cannot shirk pain.
E. M. Forster questioned why pain should be endorsed by the schoolmaster and sanctified by the priest.
E. M. Forster questioned why pain should be endorsed until the fire and the rose are one.
E. M. Forster believed much pain is caused by disease and bullies.
E. M. Forster stated that it is here that Eliot becomes unsatisfactory as a seer.
Roger Scruton wrote in 2003 that in "Little Gidding," Eliot achieved a poetry of belief.
Roger Scruton wrote that in Eliot's poetry of belief, belief and words are one.
Roger Scruton wrote that in Eliot's poetry of belief, thought cannot be prized free from controlled and beautiful language.