Josepha Petrick Kemarre was born around 1945 or 1953.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre is an Anmatyerre-speaking Indigenous Australian.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre is from Central Australia.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre began painting around 1990.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works of contemporary Indigenous Australian art have been acquired by several major collections.
Artbank has acquired works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
The National Gallery of Victoria has acquired works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings portray bush plum dreaming.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings portray women’s ceremonies known as Awelye.
One of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings sold at a charity auction for A$22,800.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works are strongly coloured.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works are formalist in composition.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works regularly appear at commercial art auctions in Australia.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's art appears to have survived the contraction of the primary art market in Australia since 2008.
There is no existing Catalogue raisonné of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's artworks.
No fakes of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's artworks have been cited to date.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre was born at the Santa Teresa Mission.
The Santa Teresa Mission is near Alice Springs in Australia's Northern Territory.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre indicated that her name was Josepha rather than Josie when she began painting for Mbantua Gallery.
Mbantua Gallery is located in central Australia.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre wished to be known as Josepha.
Mbantua's biography is the only source that has used the version of her name as Josepha.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre married Robin Petyarre.
Robin Petyarre is the brother of artist Gloria Petyarre.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre moved to the region of Utopia after marrying Robin Petyarre.
Utopia is north-east of Alice Springs.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre was living in Utopia when she began painting around 1990.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre and Robin Petyarre had seven children.
One of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's children is Damien Petrick.
Damien Petrick became an artist like his mother.
By 2008, Josie Petrick's husband had died.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre was dividing her time between Alice Springs and Harts Range by 2008.
Contemporary Indigenous art of the western desert began in 1971.
Indigenous men at Papunya created murals and canvases using western art materials in 1971.
Geoffrey Bardon assisted Indigenous men at Papunya in creating murals and canvases.
Indigenous men at Papunya used acrylic paints to create designs representing body painting and ground sculptures.
The work of Indigenous men at Papunya rapidly spread across Indigenous communities of central Australia.
The introduction of a government-sanctioned art program in central Australia occurred in 1983.
By the 1980s and '90s, Indigenous art was being exhibited internationally.
The first artists of the contemporary Indigenous art movement were men.
All of the founders of the Papunya Tula artists' company were men.
There was resistance among the Pintupi men of central Australia to women painting.
Many women wished to participate in painting.
In the 1990s, many women began to paint.
People in western desert communities such as Utopia, Kintore, Yuendumu, and Balgo began to create artworks for exhibition and sale.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre began painting about 1990 or 1992.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's painting career is part of the contemporary Indigenous art movement that began at Papunya in the 1970s.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's career remained stagnant despite her work being included in the National Gallery of Victoria's 2006 Landmarks exhibition.
By 1998, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work was being collected by both private and public institutions.
Charles Sturt University collected works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
In 2005, the National Gallery of Victoria purchased a work by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's career received a significant boost when her work was included in the National Gallery of Victoria's 2006 Landmarks exhibition.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's painting was printed opposite that of Yannima Tommy Watson in the 2006 Landmarks exhibition catalogue.
Yannima Tommy Watson was famous by the time of the 2006 Landmarks exhibition.
Yannima Tommy Watson contributed to the design of a new building for the Musée du quai Branly.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings have been included at exhibitions in several private galleries in Melbourne.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings have been included at exhibitions in Hong Kong.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings have been included at the Australian embassy in Washington in 2001.
In 2006, a commissioned work by Josepha Petrick Kemarre was exhibited at Shalom College at the University of New South Wales.
The exhibition at Shalom College was part of a charity fundraising exhibition.
The commissioned work by Josepha Petrick Kemarre sold for A$22,000.
As of the end of 2008, the highest recorded auction price for an item of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work was A$22,800.
The highest recorded auction price for an item of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work was set in May 2007.
An image based on a triptych by Josepha Petrick Kemarre appears on the cover of a book on the visual perception of motion titled Motion Vision.
Central Australian artists frequently paint particular dreamings for which they have responsibility or rights.
The dreamings painted by Central Australian artists are used to pass important knowledge, cultural values, and belief systems from generation to generation.
Paintings by Josepha Petrick Kemarre portray two different groups of dreamings.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings are rendered in two distinct styles.
Bush plum dreaming represents a plant of the central Australian desert.
Bush plum is a source of physical and spiritual sustenance for local Indigenous people.
Bush plum dreaming reminds local Indigenous people of the sacredness of their country.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings of bush plum dreaming are undertaken with red, blue, and orange dots.
The red, blue, and orange dots represent the fruit of bush plum at different stages in its development.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre also paints women’s ceremonies known as Awelye.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings of women's ceremonies include representations of women's ceremonial iconography.
Journalist Zelda Cawthorne described Josepha Petrick Kemarre as one of the finest contemporary Aboriginal artists.
Art consultant Adrian Newstead has ranked Josepha Petrick Kemarre among the country's top 200 Indigenous artists.
Adrian Newstead noted that Josepha Petrick Kemarre has become known for innovative works.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's innovative works create a sense of visual harmony through fine variegated fields of immaculately applied dotting.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's style is described as an interesting modern interpretation of landscape by Indigenous art writers Birnberg and Kreczmanski.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work is held in a variety of public collections.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work is held in a variety of private collections.
Artbank holds works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
The Charles Sturt University Collection holds works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
The Holmes a Court Collection holds works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
The National Gallery of Victoria holds works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.