"Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is the nineteenth episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars.
"Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is the 63rd episode overall of Veronica Mars.
Phil Klemmer wrote "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down."
Jason Bloom directed "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down."
The episode premiered on The CW on May 22, 2007.
The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a college student.
Veronica Mars moonlights as a private detective.
Weevil enlists Veronica's help in proving his innocence.
Weevil is implicated in creating fake student IDs.
Veronica and Piz come to terms with Veronica's FBI internship.
A sex tape of Veronica and Piz is released on the internet.
Logan beats up Piz.
Logan thinks that Piz posted the sex tape.
Keith and Vinnie debate on Piz's radio show.
Keith and Vinnie are running against each other in the upcoming Sheriff’s election.
"Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" features the reappearance of Weevil after an absence of five episodes.
During filming of the third season, Francis Capra was undergoing medical treatment.
Rob Thomas pointed out Logan and Piz's fight scene as one of the highlights of the episode.
The episode received mostly positive reviews from television critics.
Many critics praised the case-of-the-week in the episode.
In a checkout line, Veronica and Mac discuss Veronica's relationship with Piz.
Veronica and Mac discuss what Veronica's FBI internship will mean for them.
Someone is getting arrested by the campus police for a fake debit card.
Weevil injures himself.
Weevil finds himself unable to receive adequate benefits.
Veronica gets Piz to accept her leaving for the internship.
Several students call out Weevil at the Sheriff’s station.
Weevil is accused of giving students fake cards.
Weevil is put in a jail cell.
Weevil tells Veronica that he thinks they targeted him after he was showcased in the criminology class.
Veronica investigates several owners of the student IDs.
The owners of the student IDs seem genuine in accusing Weevil.
Weevil gets bail.
Keith informs Weevil that a student ID printing machine was found in the locker next to Weevil's.
Veronica and Wallace speak to a mechanical engineering professor.
The mechanical engineering professor says that it would be impossible for Weevil to be the culprit.
Piz invites Keith to appear on his show in an election special.
Keith informs Veronica that Weevil's fingerprints were found all over the investigation.
Vinnie gathers some support about his lax underage drinking policy.
Wallace notices someone following him.
The student wants to recruit Wallace for a secret society.
Vinnie insults Keith's handling of his home life.
Veronica hits Vinnie on the head lightly.
Veronica helps Weevil retrace his steps.
Veronica notices Jenny involved with one of Weevil's clients.
Veronica deduces that Jenny and her circle of friends are responsible for creating the fake student IDs.
Jenny and her circle of friends disseminate the fake student IDs.
Jenny and her circle of friends implicate Weevil.
Logan and Dick go surfing.
Logan and Dick run into Veronica, Piz, and Mac helping Wallace with his final project for a class.
Veronica learns that one of Jenny's group lives in the same town in Georgia where the student ID machines are made.
Veronica is called into a room in the library by Jenny's group.
Jenny's group tries to bribe Veronica into not turning them in to the Hearst police.
Veronica denies the bribe.
Veronica records Jenny's group's conversation as further proof.
Jenny's group is hiding a third ID machine.
Veronica tells Weevil to go and find the third ID machine.
Dick shows Logan a sex tape of Piz and Veronica that has been circulating in an email.
Logan thinks Piz posted the sex tape.
Logan attacks Piz.
Logan hits Piz incessantly.
Weevil does have a student ID machine.
Logan walks into Mars Investigations with Piz's blood on him.
"Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was written by Phil Klemmer.
Phil Klemmer's writing credit for "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is his fifteenth and final writing credit for Veronica Mars.
Jason Bloom's directing credit for "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is his fourth and final directing credit for Veronica Mars.
Dianna Agron appears in "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down."
Dianna Agron is famous for her role as Quinn Fabray on Glee.
Dianna Agron plays Jenny Budosh in "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down."
Dianna Agron had previously appeared in the episode "President Evil."
The episode prominently features Weevil.
Weevil appears after a five-episode hiatus.
During the third season, Francis Capra was struggling with a medical condition.
The medication Francis Capra took for his illness caused his face and neck to swell and break out with acne.
Rob Thomas included the scene in which Logan attacks Piz on his list of highlights from the third season.
When Rob Thomas first viewed the scene with his wife, she emitted an audible groan.
Rob Thomas's wife anticipated the fight that was about to come.
Rob Thomas thought that most fight scenes on the show were not well-done.
Most fight scenes on the show are filmed quickly and without a second unit.
Rob Thomas was pleased with the final cut of the fight scene.
Rob Thomas stated that there was only one punch that he thought looked fake.
In its original broadcast, "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" received 1.78 million viewers.
"Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" ranked 77th of 85 in the weekly rankings.
The viewership for "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was a decrease from the previous episode.
The previous episode, "I Know What You'll Do Next Summer," garnered 2.10 million watchers.
Eric Goldman graded "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" a 9.0 out of 10.
Eric Goldman indicated that "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was "amazing."
Eric Goldman's very positive review focused on the ambiguous nature of the main plot.
Eric Goldman's review focused on the subplots of Dick and Logan.
Eric Goldman praised the presence of the majority of the main cast members.
Eric Goldman stated that Dick's reaction to dealing with his brother was realistic for him and in character.
Eric Goldman called the conclusion to the case-of-the-week a "fun and satisfying one."
Eric Goldman stated that the conclusion highlighted the moral ambiguity of main characters.
Eric Goldman stated that the moral ambiguity of main characters was something "that the show had been lacking for a while."
Eric Goldman highlighted the ambiguity in both Weevil and Logan.
Eric Goldman elaborated that Logan attacking Piz showed an interesting side to his personality.
The interesting side to Logan's personality had not been present all season.
Eric Goldman lauded the cliffhanger ending.
Eric Goldman stated that the cliffhanger ending was "a reminder of how exciting and intense this show can be at its best."
Television Without Pity did not grant "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" a rating.
Television Without Pity lauded the characterization of Weevil.
Television Without Pity stated that Weevil is "the most consistently written character on the show, bar none."
Kelly West of Cinema Blend focused primarily on the series finale in her review.
Kelly West referred to "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" as containing a solid case-of-the-week.
Kelly West stated that "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was a good mystery-of-the-week.
Kelly West stated that seeing as "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was the second to last episode, the only thing she cared about was that they finally got more Weevil.
Rowan Kaiser of The A.V. Club gave "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" a mixed review.
Rowan Kaiser stated that the case-of-the-week was an oversimplification of the overall themes of Veronica Mars.
Rowan Kaiser enjoyed the potential for Logan and Dick's character development.
Rowan Kaiser felt that the character development was blunted by the knowledge that the series was about to end.
Rowan Kaiser stated that as fun as "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is, the lack of the fourth season stops him from fully enjoying it.
Rowan Kaiser stated that the knowledge that "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" might be the last time they see the characters puts a damper on things.
Rowan Kaiser stated that it is better to go out with good episodes than bad.