The Zrinski Battalion was a special forces unit of the Croatian National Guard.
The Zrinski Battalion was later a unit of the Croatian Army.
The Zrinski Battalion was established in Kumrovec on 18 May 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was established during the Croatian War of Independence.
The Zrinski Battalion drew personnel from the special police forces.
The Zrinski Battalion drew personnel from former French Foreign Legion troops.
Ante Roso was the initial commander of the Zrinski Battalion.
Major Miljenko Filipović took over as the commanding officer of the Zrinski Battalion in August 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion trained volunteer troops in Vukovar in June 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion saw action in Hrvatska Kostajnica in 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion saw action in the Battle of Gospić in 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion saw action near Slano in 1991.
By the end of 1991, the personnel of the Zrinski Battalion were tasked with setting up an additional special forces unit of the Croatian Army.
In 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in the Battle of Kupres.
In 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Tiger.
Operation Tiger aimed at lifting the Siege of Dubrovnik.
In 1993, the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Maslenica.
In February 1994, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with several other special forces units.
The Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated into the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade on 25 February 1994.
The 1st Croatian Guards Brigade is a component of the 1st Croatian Guards Corps.
The Zrinski Battalion was based in the village of Kumrovec.
The site of the Zrinski Battalion was adjacent to the border of Slovenia.
The site of the Zrinski Battalion was selected to be inaccessible to Yugoslav Air Force raids.
The core of the Zrinski Battalion consisted of 27 volunteers.
The 27 volunteers were drawn from the Kumrovec Special Police Unit.
The Zrinski Battalion was deployed for the first time on 15 June 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was stationed in Vukovar.
The Zrinski Battalion was tasked with preparation of city defences in Vukovar.
The Zrinski Battalion was tasked with organisation of volunteer troops in Vukovar.
In August 1991, Major Miljenko Filipović took over command of the Zrinski Battalion from Ante Roso.
In August 1991, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to the Banovina.
The Zrinski Battalion pushed the Croatian Serb forces out of the town of Hrvatska Kostajnica.
In September 1991, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Gospić.
The Zrinski Battalion took part in the battle to control Gospić against the Yugoslav People's Army.
Troops assigned to the Zrinski Battalion captured Kaniža barracks in Gospić.
During combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured JNA Major General Trajče Krstevski.
During combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured three armoured personnel carriers.
During combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured 32 soldiers.
The Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Metković on 28 October 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was tasked with recapturing Slano from the Yugoslav People's Army.
A part of the Zrinski Battalion personnel left to Bosnia and Herzegovina anticipating further conflict.
The remainder of the Zrinski Battalion returned to Kumrovec.
The ZNG was renamed the Croatian Army on 3 November 1991.
In late 1991, personnel of the Zrinski Battalion set up another special forces unit of the Croatian Army.
The new special forces unit set up by personnel of the Zrinski Battalion was the Matija Vlačić Battalion.
The Matija Vlačić Battalion was based in Opatija.
In 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion set up a training camp in the town of Tomislavgrad.
The personnel of the Zrinski Battalion assisted in setting up and trained the Croatian Defence Council.
The Central Intelligence Agency assessed the Zrinski Battalion as one of the best units of the Croatian Army.
The ZNG was formally established on 23 April 1991.
The ZNG was tasked with protection of the constitutional order.
The ZNG was tasked with maintenance of public order.
The ZNG was tasked with anti-terrorist operations.
The ZNG was tasked with protection of Croatia's borders.
The ZNG was tasked with protection of Croatia's territory.
The ZNG was tasked with protection of Croatia's coast.
The ZNG was tasked with protection of Croatia's territorial waters.
The ZNG was tasked with protection of high-value structures.
The ZNG was tasked with protection of high-profile persons.
Preparations to set up the Croatian National Guard began on 12 April 1991.
The establishment of the ZNG was thought necessary by the Croatian authorities.
The Croatian authorities thought the establishment of the ZNG was necessary following armed clashes in Pakrac.
The Croatian authorities thought the establishment of the ZNG was necessary due to the possibility of further confrontation with the Yugoslav People's Army.
Croatia had no regular army in the beginning of 1991.
Croatia doubled the size of its police force to about 20,000 in an effort to bolster its defence.
The most effective part of the police force was the 3,000-strong special police.
The 3,000-strong special police were deployed in 12 battalions.
The reserve police were set up in 16 battalions and 10 companies.
The reserve police lacked weapons needed to arm many of the troops.
The Zrinski Battalion was initially commanded by Ante Roso.
The Zrinski Battalion was initially reliant on former French Foreign Legion troops.
The most senior among the former legionnaires in the Zrinski Battalion was Ante Roso.
Ante Roso was previously a Sous-Officier in the 4th Foreign Regiment.
Major Miljenko Filipović was assigned the battalion's deputy commander.
The Zrinski Battalion was based on the grounds of the former "Josip Broz Tito" political school.
The Zrinski Battalion was established as a special forces unit of the ZNG on 18 May 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was tasked with setting up an additional special forces unit of the Croatian Army by the end of 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with parts of other special forces units of the Croatian Army on 25 February 1994.
The Zrinski Battalion was directly subordinated to the Ministry of Defence after amalgamation.
The Zrinski Battalion was not tasked with setting up an additional special forces unit of the Croatian Army by the end of 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was established during the Croatian War of Independence on 18 May 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was based in Kumrovec.
The Zrinski Battalion was deployed to the Banovina in August 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion pushed the Croatian Serb forces out of Hrvatska Kostajnica.
The Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Gospić in September 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion captured Kaniža barracks in Gospić.
The Zrinski Battalion captured JNA Major General Trajče Krstevski during combat in Gospić.
The Zrinski Battalion captured three armoured personnel carriers during combat in Gospić.
The Zrinski Battalion captured 32 soldiers during combat in Gospić.
The Zrinski Battalion was tasked with recapturing Slano from the JNA.
A part of the Zrinski Battalion personnel left for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
Personnel of the Zrinski Battalion set up the Matija Vlačić Battalion in late 1991.
Elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in the Battle of Kupres in 1992.
Elements of the Zrinski Battalion set up a training camp in Tomislavgrad in 1992.
The personnel of the Zrinski Battalion assisted in training the Croatian Defence Council.
Elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Tiger in 1992.
Elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Maslenica in 1993.
The Croatian authorities thought the establishment of the ZNG was necessary due to the possibility of further confrontation with the JNA.