Robert Boulter is an English film, television, and theatre actor.
Robert Boulter did not have a guest-starring role on the television series The Bill in 2000.
Robert Boulter had a starring role in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens.
The play Herons was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre.
Robert Boulter had a guest role in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002.
Robert Boulter landed a role as "Craig" in the episode "Teddy's Story" of the television series The Long Firm in 2004.
Robert Boulter starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi in The Long Firm.
Robert Boulter was cast in the 2005 theatre productions of the Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur.
The play Mercury Fur was performed at the Drum Theatre in Plymouth.
The play Mercury Fur was performed at the Menier Chocolate Factory in London.
Robert Boulter was directed by John Tiffany in Mercury Fur.
Robert Boulter starred alongside Ben Whishaw in Mercury Fur.
Robert Boulter starred alongside Shane Zaza in Mercury Fur.
Robert Boulter starred alongside Harry Kent in Mercury Fur.
Robert Boulter starred alongside Fraser Ayres in Mercury Fur.
Robert Boulter starred alongside Sophie Stanton in Mercury Fur.
Robert Boulter starred alongside Dominic Hall in Mercury Fur.
Robert Boulter starred alongside Ben Whishaw in the play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill in 2006.
Robert Boulter appeared on a 2006 episode of the television series Doctors.
Robert Boulter had a role in the 2007 theatre production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke.
The play How to Curse was performed at Bush Theatre in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.
Robert Boulter starred in two films in 2008.
The film Daylight Robbery was directed by filmmaker Paris Leonti.
The film Donkey Punch was directed by Olly Blackburn.
Robert Boulter made a guest appearance on a two-part episode arc of the television series Waking the Dead in May 2008.
Robert Boulter appeared on the television series Survivors in November 2008.
Robert Boulter had a recurring role in ten episodes of the television series Casualty in 2010.
Robert Boulter portrayed "Kieron Fletcher" in Casualty.
Robert Boulter starred in the 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris Leonti.
In 2000, Robert Boulter had a guest-starring role on the television series The Bill.
Robert Boulter portrayed "Scott Parry" in the episode "In Safe Hands" of The Bill.
Robert Boulter starred as "Scott" in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens.
A review of Robert Boulter's performance in The Independent on Sunday described him as "horribly menacing" in the role.
Robert Boulter received critical reviews in The Herald.
Robert Boulter received critical reviews in the Evening Standard.
Robert Boulter appeared in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002 as "Addem Armitage".
Robert Boulter had a role as a different character "Toby Steele" on The Bill.
Robert Boulter had a recurring role in 2003 on two episodes of The Bill as character "Connor Price".
Robert Boulter starred as "Darren" in the 2005 theatre productions of the Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur.
Robert Boulter received a favorable review in The Daily Telegraph.
The Daily Telegraph described the acting in Mercury Fur as "shatteringly intense".
The Daily Telegraph noted "wired performances from Ben Whishaw, Robert Boulter, Shane Zaza, and Fraser Ayres".
The Guardian noted "Ben Whishaw and Robert Boulter offer tenderness amid the savagery".
In 2006, Robert Boulter starred in the play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill.
The play Citizenship was part of a series titled Burn/Chatroom/Citizenship.
In a 2006 interview, fellow actor Ben Whishaw identified Robert Boulter as one of his favorite co-stars.
Ben Whishaw stated he loved working with Robert Boulter.
Robert Boulter played Ben Whishaw's brother in Mercury Fur.
Robert Boulter portrayed "Jason Tyler" on the 2006 episode of the television series Doctors titled "Something I Ate".
Robert Boulter starred as "William" in the 2007 production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke.
Robert Boulter portrayed a character named "Sean" in Donkey Punch.
Robert Boulter's character "Sean" tags along with character "Josh".
Robert Boulter's character "Sean" is described as the "quiet brother... who hits it off with Tammi".
Robert Boulter guest starred on a two-part episode arc "Wounds" in May 2008 of the television series Waking the Dead.
Robert Boulter appeared on the television series Survivors as "Neil" in November 2008.
Robert Boulter portrayed an emergency physician applying for a medical fellowship in Casualty.
Robert Boulter commented on the inherent difficulties in portraying a physician on television.
Robert Boulter stated that pretending to know what he is talking about when he doesn't is very bizarre.
Robert Boulter mentioned that there are advisers on set who are fantastic at taking actors through procedures.
Robert Boulter stated that advisers on set give actors the confidence to stand there and look like they know what they are doing.