Constant k filters are a type of electronic filter.
Constant k filters are also known as k-type filters.
Constant k filters are designed using the image method.
Constant k filters are the original filters produced by the image method.
Constant k filters consist of a ladder network of identical sections of passive components.
Constant k filters could approach the ideal filter frequency response to within any prescribed limit.
A sufficient number of sections is required for constant k filters to approach the ideal filter frequency response.
Constant k filters are rarely considered for modern design.
The principles behind constant k filters have been superseded by other methodologies.
Other methodologies are more accurate in their prediction of filter response than constant k filters.
Constant k filters were invented by George Campbell.
George Campbell published his work on constant k filters in 1922.
George Campbell invented constant k filters some time before 1922.
Otto Zobel was a colleague of George Campbell at AT&T Co.
Otto Zobel was already making improvements to the design of constant k filters in 1922.
George Campbell's filters were far superior to simpler single element circuits used previously.
George Campbell called his filters electric wave filters.
The term electric wave filters later came to mean any filter that passes waves of some frequencies but not others.
Many new forms of wave filters were subsequently invented.
Zobel invented an early variation of wave filters called the m-derived filter.
Zobel coined the term constant k for the Campbell filter.
The term constant k was coined to distinguish Campbell filters from other filters.
The great advantage of Campbell's filters over RL circuits was their design capability for any desired degree of stop band rejection.
The great advantage of Campbell's filters over RL circuits was their design capability for steepness of transition between pass band and stop band.
More filter sections must be added to obtain the desired response in Campbell's filters.
Campbell designed constant k filters for the purpose of separating multiplexed telephone channels on transmission lines.
The subsequent use of constant k filters has been much more widespread than separating multiplexed telephone channels.
The design techniques used by George Campbell have largely been superseded.
George Campbell did not design constant k filters solely for the purpose of separating multiplexed telephone channels.
The ladder topology used by George Campbell with constant k filters is still in use today.
Modern filter designs include implementations of the Tchebyscheff filter.
George Campbell provided constant k designs for low-pass filters.
George Campbell provided constant k designs for high-pass filters.
George Campbell provided constant k designs for band-pass filters.
Band-stop filters are possible with constant k designs.
Multiple band filters are possible with constant k designs.
Some impedance terms and section terms are used in the article.
Image theory defines quantities in terms of an infinite cascade of two-port sections.
The filters discussed are an infinite ladder network of L-sections.
The letter "L" in electronic filter topology refers to a specific filter shape resembling an inverted letter "L."
The sections of the hypothetical infinite filter are made of series elements having impedance 2Z.
The sections of the hypothetical infinite filter are made of shunt elements with admittance 2Y.
The factor of two is introduced for mathematical convenience in the hypothetical infinite filter.
It is usual to work in terms of half-sections in the hypothetical infinite filter.
The image impedance of the input and output port of a section will generally not be the same.
A mid-series section will have the same image impedance on both ports due to symmetry.
The image impedance of a mid-series section is designated ZiT.
The "T" topology designates the image impedance of a mid-series section.
The image impedance of a mid-shunt section is designated ZiΠ.
The "Π" topology designates the image impedance of a mid-shunt section.
Half of a "T" or "Π" section is called a half-section.
A half-section is also an L-section.
A half-section has half the element values of the full L-section.
The image impedance of the half-section is dissimilar on the input and output ports.
On the side presenting the series element, the image impedance of the half-section is equal to the mid-series ZiT.
On the side presenting the shunt element, the image impedance of the half-section is equal to the mid-shunt ZiΠ.
There are two variant ways of using a half-section.
Parts of the article rely on the reader's knowledge of complex impedance representation of capacitors.
Parts of the article rely on the reader's knowledge of complex impedance representation of inductors.
Parts of the article rely on the reader's knowledge of frequency domain representation of signals.
The building block of constant k filters is the half-section "L" network.
The half-section "L" network is composed of a series impedance Z.
The half-section "L" network is composed of a shunt admittance Y.
The "k" in "constant k" is the value given by a specific formula.
The value of k will have units of impedance, specifically ohms.
For k to be constant, Y must be the dual impedance of Z.
k is the limiting value of Zi as the size of the section approaches zero.
The size of the section is measured in terms of values of its components, such as inductances and capacitances.
k must be kept at its initial value while the size of the section approaches zero.
k is the characteristic impedance, Z0, of the transmission line formed by infinitesimally small sections.
k is also the image impedance of the section at resonance for band-pass filters.
k is the image impedance of the section at ω = 0 for low-pass filters.
Elements L and C can be made arbitrarily small while retaining the same value of k.
Z and Y are both approaching zero in the context of constant k filters.
The image impedances of the section are given by specific formulas.
The filter does not contain any resistive elements.
The image impedance in the pass band of the filter is purely real.
The image impedance in the stop band of the filter is purely imaginary.
The transition occurs at a cut-off frequency given by a specific formula.
Below the cut-off frequency, the image impedance is real.
Above the cut-off frequency, the image impedance is imaginary.
The transmission parameters for a general constant k half-section are given by specific formulas.
For a chain of n half-sections, the transmission parameters are given by a specific formula.
For the low-pass L-shape section, below the cut-off frequency, the transmission parameters are given by a specific formula.
The transmission is lossless in the pass-band of the low-pass L-shape section.
Only the phase of the signal changes in the pass-band of the low-pass L-shape section.
Above the cut-off frequency, the transmission parameters are given by specific formulas.
The presented plots correspond to a low-pass prototype filter section.
The prototype has a cut-off frequency of ωc.