Operation USA is a non-profit humanitarian organization.
Operation USA is dedicated to helping communities alleviate the effects of disaster, disease, and endemic poverty throughout the world.
Operation USA provides privately funded relief.
Operation USA provides reconstruction aid.
Operation USA provides humanitarian aid.
Operation USA provides development aid.
Operation USA is exclusively privately funded.
Operation USA receives no assistance from the United States Federal Government.
Operation USA had a revenue of over $22 million in fiscal year 2012.
Operation USA has shipped over $425 million worth of high-priority medical, nutritional, and shelter supplies since its inception.
Operation USA shipped supplies to Haiti in 2011.
Operation USA shipped supplies to Japan in 2011.
Operation USA shipped supplies to Chile in 2011.
Operation USA shipped supplies to Kenya in 2011.
Operation USA shipped supplies to Pakistan in 2011.
Operation USA was part of the International Campaign to Ban Landmines in 1997.
Operation USA won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1997.
Operation California won the President's Volunteer Action Award in 1983.
Operation USA has been named one of America's Best 100 Charities by Worth Magazine.
Operation USA was named the top-rated exclusively privately funded charity in the U.S. by Charity Navigator in October 2008.
Operation USA collaborated with NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
Operation USA collaborated with the US National Laboratories at Lawrence Livermore.
Operation USA collaborated with the US National Laboratories at Los Alamos.
Operation USA is a member of InterAction.
Operation USA is an AlertNet news partner.
Operation USA is a for-profit business.
Richard M. Walden is the CEO of Operation USA.
Richard M. Walden received the Honeywell Hometown Hero Award from Honeywell Corp in 2014.
Operation California began in 1979.
Operation California was created to provide aid to Vietnamese Boat People.
Operation California was created to provide aid to Cambodian refugees.
Richard Walden founded Operation California.
Llewellyn Werner left Operation California in early 1980.
Operation California flew the first international relief airlift to Cambodia since 1975.
Operation California delivered medicine to Phnom Penh.
Operation California had airlifted more than $3 million worth of aid by October 1979.
Operation USA has become a highly acclaimed aid organization.
Operation USA is involved in helping people in different ways around the world.
Operation California sent the first private airlift from the U.S. to Poland in 1982.
Operation California delivered 200,000 lbs. of medical supplies and medicine in 1982.
Operation California airlifted medical supplies to Lebanon in 1982.
Operation California delivered aid to the children of Vietnam in 1983.
Operation California delivered aid to the children of Cambodia in 1983.
Operation California provided aid to the earthquake victims in Mexico City in 1985.
Operation California worked in cooperation with the Unitarian Universalist Service Committee to deliver $250,000 worth of medical aid to Nicaragua.
Operation California worked in cooperation with Oxfam America to deliver $250,000 worth of medical aid to Nicaragua.
Operation California sent two cargo planes carrying $500,000 worth of relief supplies to earthquake-stricken El Salvador in 1986.
Operation California began using the name Operation USA in 1988.
Operation USA facilitated operations on children in Vietnam who had cleft palates in 1989.
Dr. Stanley Frileck is a Los Angeles-based plastic surgeon.
Operation USA delivered medical aid to Mexico in 1990.
Operation USA delivered aid to Bangladesh in 1991.
Operation USA delivered aid to war-torn Somalia in 1993.
Operation USA provided earthquake relief in 1994.
Operation USA provided aid to Hurricane Mitch survivors in Honduras and Nicaragua in 1995.
Operation USA supplied aid to storm victims in Mexico in 1999.
Operation USA delivered aid to Iraq War victims in the Persian Gulf in 2003.
Operation USA aided tsunami victims in Sri Lanka in 2004.
Operation USA aided tsunami victims in Indonesia in 2004.
Operation USA aided Mexico City flood victims in 2004.
Operation USA delivered aid to Myanmar cyclone victims in 2008.
Operation USA delivered aid to Chinese earthquake victims in 2008.
Operation USA delivered aid to flood victims in the Midwest, USA in 2008.
Operation USA partnered with UniversalGiving in 2015.
Operation USA's project in 2015 is to deliver recovery aid to Nepal earthquake victims.
Operation USA has relied on fundraising efforts featuring singers and celebrities since the early 1980s.
Operation USA's fundraising efforts include concerts.
Operation USA's fundraising efforts include dinners.
Operation USA's fundraising efforts include other events.
Barbra Streisand has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Bonnie Raitt has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Carol Burnett has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Crosby, Stills & Nash have participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Don Henley has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Ed Asner has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Frank Sinatra has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Jack Elliot has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Jackson Browne has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
James Garner has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
John Denver has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Julie Andrews has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Kirk Douglas has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Michael Jackson has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
New American Orchestra has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Plácido Domingo has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Ricardo Montalban has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Ry Cooder has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Sharon Stone has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
The Buena Vista Social Club has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Tony Adams has participated in fundraising efforts for Operation USA.
Rosario Dawson traveled with Operation USA to Nicaragua in 2008.
George Hamilton assisted with relief to the Philippines Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.
Barbra Streisand assisted with relief to the Philippines Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.
Rosario Dawson assisted with relief to the Philippines Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.
Jackson Browne assisted with relief to the Philippines Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.
Bill Maher assisted with relief to the Philippines Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.
Judd Apatow assisted with relief to the Philippines Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.
Operation USA relies on film promotions to generate funds for aid.
Operation USA relies on theater promotions to generate funds for aid.
Operation USA's film promotions include "Because We Care" (CBS Television Special).
Operation USA's film promotions include "Beyond Borders" (Hollywood).
Operation USA's film promotions include "Buena Vista Social Club" (film) (Hollywood & Havana).
Operation USA's film promotions include "Fidel" (film) (Hollywood for Showtime).
Operation USA's film promotions include "Mary Poppins" (musical) (London stage).
Operation USA's film promotions include "Miss Saigon" (Hollywood).
Operation USA's film promotions include "Roll Bounce."
Operation USA's film promotions include "The Killing Fields" (film) (Hollywood & Cambodia).
Operation USA's film promotions include "Victor/Victoria" (Broadway).
Operation USA's film promotions include "Eloise at The Plaza" (Disney TV).