Kirby's Block Ball is a 1995 action video game.
Kirby's Block Ball is a spin-off from the Kirby series.
Kirby's Block Ball is for the Game Boy portable console.
Kirby's Block Ball is a Breakout clone.
The player controls paddles along the screen's edge.
The player knocks a bouncing ball, Kirby, into destructible bricks.
The game has 55 levels.
The game includes power-ups.
The game includes bonus rounds.
The game includes minigames.
Kirby's Block Ball was developed by HAL Laboratory.
Kirby's Block Ball was developed by Nintendo R&D1.
The development team spent half a year revising the gameplay.
The gameplay was revised to match Kirby's signature characteristics.
Kirby's Block Ball was published by Nintendo first in Japan in 1995.
Kirby's Block Ball was published by Nintendo later in Europe.
Kirby's Block Ball was published by Nintendo last in North America in 1996.
Reviewers considered Kirby's Block Ball an improvement on the Breakout formula.
Reviewers praised the gameplay craftsmanship of Kirby's Block Ball.
Reviewers praised the incorporation of the Kirby series in Kirby's Block Ball.
Kirby's Block Ball was included in multiple top Game Boy game lists.
Kirby's Block Ball was later emulated on the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console.
The player loses a life if Kirby hits the edge of the screen.
The development team revised the game to remove Kirby's movement entirely.
Each of the game's eleven stages includes five rounds of increasingly complex block patterns for Kirby to clear.
The game has ten different block types.
The different block types vary in durability and points value.
A well-timed hit of the paddle gives Kirby a powerful bounce.
A powerful bounce allows Kirby to break through harder blocks.
Another block type turns the remaining blocks into a bonus round.
The bonus round rewards the player for clearing the screen in the least amount of time.
The player can find warp stars that lead to minigames.
One minigame is air hockey.
The player can earn extra lives in minigames.
The rounds include enemies to attack and avoid.
Some enemies contain bonus items.
Each stage ends in a boss fight.
With stone, needle, flame, and spark power-ups, Kirby can transform.
Kirby can interact with blocks differently when transformed.
The spark power-up lets Kirby break through otherwise indestructible blocks.
The needle power-up lets Kirby hit spikes once without losing a life.
The game has a themed frame.
The game uses a wide palette of colors when played with the Super Game Boy.
The game was developed by HAL Laboratory with Gunpei Yokoi's Nintendo R&D1.
Kirby's Block Ball was released for the Game Boy first in Japan in 1995.
Kirby's Block Ball was released in Europe in 1995.
Kirby's Block Ball was released in North America in May 1996.
Kirby's Block Ball was released first in Japan in October 2011.
Kirby's Block Ball was released later in Europe in February 2012.
Kirby's Block Ball was released later in North America in May 2012.
The four reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly applauded Kirby's Block Ball.
The reviewers applauded Kirby's Block Ball for modifying the Breakout formula.
The reviewers considered Kirby's Block Ball a new and enjoyable game.
The reviewers praised the unique power-ups in Kirby's Block Ball.
Crispin Boyer felt the game was too short.
Crispin Boyer felt the game was too easy.
Nintendo Power enjoyed Kirby's Block Ball.
Nintendo Power enjoyed the number of stages in Kirby's Block Ball.
Nintendo Power wondered how Kirby's Block Ball's eight megabits of memory were being used.
Nintendo Power found the parts where Kirby eats the unbreakable blocks to be innovative.
All six of Nintendo Power's reviewers recommended Kirby's Block Ball.
IGN wrote that Kirby's Block Ball was primarily remembered as an Arkanoid or Breakout clone skinned with the Kirby franchise.
IGN calculated an average reviewer score of 7.4 out of 10 for Kirby's Block Ball.
The Kirby series became known for its number of non-platformer spin-offs.
Kirby's Block Ball is one of the non-platformer spin-offs of the Kirby series.
Kirby's Pinball Land is a non-platformer spin-off of the Kirby series.
Kirby's Dream Course is a non-platformer spin-off of the Kirby series.
Kirby's spherical shape lent itself towards ball-like roles.
IGN wrote that Kirby's Block Ball was the first "truly out there" Kirby spin-off.
IGN wrote that Kirby's Block Ball was too short.
Planet Game Boy called Kirby's Block Ball one of the original Game Boy's ten "all-time classics."
GamesRadar placed Kirby's Block Ball among the top 25 Game Boy games released.
They considered Kirby's Block Ball an improvement upon Alleyway.
Alleyway is a Game Boy launch title.
Alleyway is a Breakout clone.
IGN recommended Kirby's Block Ball upon its 3DS rerelease.
IGN recommended Kirby's Block Ball for Breakout fans.
Nintendo World Report recommended Kirby's Block Ball to players who like score attack games.
Nintendo World Report called Kirby's Block Ball the best version of Breakout released.
Retrospective reviewers found Kirby's Block Ball enjoyable.
Retrospective reviewers praised the craft behind the gameplay of Kirby's Block Ball.
Retrospective reviewers praised the Kirby themes in Kirby's Block Ball.
Kirby's Block Ball received the lowest rating on Tim Rogers's 2004 "Yamanote Scoring System for Portable Games."
Tim Rogers's 2004 "Yamanote Scoring System for Portable Games" is a metric by which he played a game while counting stops on the circular Yamanote train line until he lost interest.
Tim Rogers gave Kirby's Block Ball a score of "one" stop.
Tim Rogers called Kirby's Block Ball "too damned bland."
Jeuxvideo.com had high praise for the level design of Kirby's Block Ball.
Jeuxvideo.com had high praise for the graphics of Kirby's Block Ball.
Jeuxvideo.com had high praise for the animations of Kirby's Block Ball.
Jeuxvideo.com found the music of Kirby's Block Ball excellent.
Jeuxvideo.com compared the music of Kirby's Block Ball to the annoying and repetitive soundtrack of most Breakout clones.
Jeuxvideo.com liked how Kirby's Block Ball fit the Kirby universe.
Jeuxvideo.com found Kirby's Block Ball's difficulty increased.
Jeuxvideo.com occasionally had trouble hitting the slow-paced ball with precision.