The 2010 Claxton Shield was the 57th Claxton Shield tournament.
The 2010 Claxton Shield was the premier baseball competition in Australia.
The 2010 Claxton Shield was held from 6 November 2009 to 7 February 2010.
The 2010 Claxton Shield was hailed as the precursor to the new Australian Baseball League.
The new Australian Baseball League will start in late 2010 to early 2011.
The Victoria Aces defeated South Australia two games to nil in the championship series.
The Victoria Aces won the tournament.
The Claxton Shield had been awarded to a Victorian team 22 times.
The competition was sponsored by Domino's Pizza.
At the conclusion of the regular season, the Victoria Aces finished in first place.
The Victoria Aces had a 17 – 7 record.
The Victoria Aces earned home-field advantage for the three-game championship series.
South Australia hosted the three-game semi-final series against the New South Wales Patriots.
Both South Australia and the New South Wales Patriots finished with a 14 – 10 record.
The Perth Heat had a 12 – 12 record.
The Queensland Rams had a 3 – 21 record.
The Perth Heat failed to qualify for the finals.
The Queensland Rams failed to qualify for the finals.
In June 2009, it was announced that the rights to the Claxton Shield had been sold to a new Australian Baseball League.
The ownership of the new Australian Baseball League is split between Major League Baseball and the Australian Baseball Federation.
Major League Baseball owns 75 percent of the new Australian Baseball League.
The Australian Baseball Federation owns 25 percent of the new Australian Baseball League.
The 2010 tournament was considered preparation for the inaugural Australian Baseball League season.
The inaugural Australian Baseball League season starts in 2010 – 11.
The 2010 Claxton Shield expanded the season to include ten rounds.
Five teams were involved in the 2010 Claxton Shield.
Four teams paired off for each round and played a three-game series.
One team took a bye in each round.
Each team had two bye rounds during the season.
Each team played two rounds against each other team.
Each team played one round at home and one round away against each other team.
The schedule allowed for 24 regular-season games per team.
The first-place team directly qualified for the championship series.
The first-place team played against the winner of a playoff series between the second- and third-place teams.
Games were played on a Friday night during the regular season.
A doubleheader was played on Saturday during the regular season.
In each doubleheader, one of the two games was shortened to seven innings.
Perth played their home games on Thursday nights instead of a doubleheader on Saturday.
Each postseason series was scheduled for a Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
The 2010 series allowed each team to make use of a 19-man active roster.
Exceptions were made that allowed teams' active rosters to expand to 21 players.
Two games during the season had to be postponed because of poor weather.
Both postponed games involved teams meeting for the first time during the season.
Make-up games were scheduled at the start of the return series between the teams.
The make-up games resulted in two four-game series.
In both cases, the teams had a 19-man roster for the make-up game.
In both cases, the teams had a 21-man roster for the originally scheduled series.
The 2010 Claxton Shield was contested between five teams from around Australia.
Each team held their home games at multiple venues in previous years.
Each team held their home games at only one venue in the 2010 season.
The New South Wales Patriots' final home series against the Perth Heat was held at Gilchrist Oval.
All of the New South Wales Patriots' other home games were held at Blacktown Baseball Stadium.
Game one of the fifth-round series between New South Wales and the Victoria Aces was moved to La Trobe University, Melbourne.
Game one of the fifth-round series was moved due to poor attendance at Geelong Baseball Park.
The Geelong games attracted crowds of no more than 500.
The moved game had an attendance of 2,200.
No further regular season games were moved after the fifth-round series.
The finals series hosted by the Victoria Aces was held at La Trobe University.
A game postponed from Round 7 was played with the Victoria Aces as the away team.
A game postponed from Round 7 was played with the Queensland Rams as the home team.
The game postponed from Round 7 was played at Geelong Baseball Park, Geelong, Victoria.
A game postponed from Round 3 was played with South Australia as the away team.
A game postponed from Round 3 was played with the Victoria Aces as the home team.
The game postponed from Round 3 was played at Norwood Oval, Adelaide, South Australia.
The Queensland Rams were the first team to be eliminated from contention for the finals.
The Queensland Rams were swept four games to nil by the Victoria Aces in round 8.
South Australia clinched a position in the finals despite finishing the round in second position.
The last two spots in the finals were decided in the final round.
The Victoria Aces clinched top spot by sweeping the Perth Heat.
The New South Wales Patriots swept the Queensland Rams.
The sweep of the Queensland Rams eliminated the Perth Heat from contention.
The sweep of the Queensland Rams secured the last finals spot for the New South Wales Patriots.
The 2010 Claxton Shield made use of the same finals structure as the 2009 season.
The top three teams at the conclusion of the ten rounds of regular-season games qualified for the finals.
The second- and third-place teams faced each other in a best-of-three series.
The best-of-three series was hosted by the second-place team.
The winner of the best-of-three series faced the first-place team for another best-of-three series.
South Australia hosted the New South Wales Patriots at Norwood Oval, Adelaide.
The Victoria Aces hosted the championship series at La Trobe University, Melbourne.
The home team and away team alternated during each of the finals series.
South Australia was officially the away team for game two of its series against New South Wales.
Victoria was the away team in the championship series.
South Australia defeated the New South Wales Patriots two games to one in the semi-final series.
South Australia progressed to the championship series against the Victoria Aces.
South Australia was defeated two games to nil in the championship series.
Matthew Blackmore was named both Claxton Shield Final Series MVP and Pitcher of the Year after game two of the championship series.
At the conclusion of the finals series, the winner of two awards were announced.
Matthew Blackmore won the Pitcher of the Year award.
Matthew Blackmore won the Finals Series MVP award.
Wayne Lundgren was announced as the 35th winner of the Helms Award.
Wayne Lundgren won the Claxton Shield's Most Valuable Player award.
Wayne Lundgren was the first pitcher to win the Helms Award since 1986.
Paul Mildren was a runner-up by two votes for the Helms Award.
Michael Collins was a runner-up by two votes for the Helms Award.