Upsilon Andromedae b is an extrasolar planet.
Upsilon Andromedae b is approximately 44 light-years away from the Sun.
Upsilon Andromedae b is located in the constellation of Andromeda.
Upsilon Andromedae b orbits the red dwarf star, Upsilon Andromedae B.
Upsilon Andromedae b orbits Upsilon Andromedae B approximately every five days.
Upsilon Andromedae b was discovered in June 1996.
Geoffrey Marcy discovered Upsilon Andromedae b.
R. Paul Butler discovered Upsilon Andromedae b.
Upsilon Andromedae b was one of the first hot Jupiters to be discovered.
Upsilon Andromedae b was one of the first non-resolved planets to be detected directly.
Upsilon Andromedae b is the innermost known planet in its planetary system.
The International Astronomical Union launched a process for giving proper names to certain exoplanets and their host stars in July 2014.
The process for naming exoplanets involved public nomination and voting for new names.
The International Astronomical Union announced the winning name for Upsilon Andromedae b was Saffar in December 2015.
The winning name Saffar was submitted by the Vega Astronomy Club of Morocco.
The winning name Saffar honors the 11th Century astronomer Ibn al-Saffar of Muslim Spain.
Upsilon Andromedae b was detected by variations in Upsilon Andromedae B's radial velocity caused by Upsilon Andromedae b's gravity.
The variations in Upsilon Andromedae B's radial velocity were detected by making sensitive measurements of the Doppler shift of Upsilon Andromedae B's spectrum.
The existence of Upsilon Andromedae b was announced in January 1997.
The announcement of Upsilon Andromedae b's existence occurred together with the announcement of 55 Cancri b.
The announcement of Upsilon Andromedae b's existence occurred together with the announcement of the planet orbiting Tau Boötis.
Upsilon Andromedae b orbits very close to its star.
Upsilon Andromedae b orbits closer to its star than Mercury does to the Sun.
Upsilon Andromedae b takes 4.617 days to complete an orbit.
Upsilon Andromedae b has a semimajor axis of 0.0595 AU.
Only a lower limit on the mass of Upsilon Andromedae b can be found using the radial velocity method.
The lower limit on the mass of Upsilon Andromedae b is 68.7% of the mass of Jupiter.
The true mass of Upsilon Andromedae b may be much greater than the lower limit.
The inclination of the orbital plane of Upsilon Andromedae b is around 25 degrees.
The true mass of Upsilon Andromedae b may be about 1.4 MJ.
Coplanarity is not to be assumed for Upsilon Andromedae b.
The mutual inclination between planets c and d is 35 degrees.
Upsilon Andromedae b is likely a gas giant with no solid surface.
The Spitzer Space Telescope measured the temperature of Upsilon Andromedae b.
The temperature difference between the two sides of Upsilon Andromedae b is about 1,400 degrees Celsius.
The temperature of Upsilon Andromedae b ranges from minus 20 to 230 degrees Celsius.
The temperature of Upsilon Andromedae b ranges from 1,400 to 1,650 degrees Celsius.
Upsilon Andromedae b is speculated to be tidally locked with the same side always facing Upsilon Andromedae A.
Sudarsky predicted Upsilon Andromedae b to have reflective clouds of silicates and iron in its upper atmosphere.
The cloud deck of Upsilon Andromedae b absorbs the Sun's radiation.
A stratosphere of cooler gas exists between the hot, high-pressure gas surrounding the mantle and the cloud deck of Upsilon Andromedae b.
The outer shell of dark, opaque, hot cloud on Upsilon Andromedae b is assumed to consist of vanadium and titanium oxides.
Other compounds like tholins cannot be ruled out for Upsilon Andromedae b.
Upsilon Andromedae b is unlikely to have large moons.
Tidal forces would either eject large moons from orbit or destroy them on short timescales compared to the age of the system.
Upsilon Andromedae b was deemed a candidate for direct imaging by Planetpol.
Preliminary results from polarimetric studies indicate that Upsilon Andromedae b has a predominately blue color.
Upsilon Andromedae b is 1.36 times as large as Jupiter.
Upsilon Andromedae b is 0.74 times as massive as Jupiter.
The mean density of Upsilon Andromedae b is 0.36 g/cm³.
Upsilon Andromedae b has a geometric albedo of 0.35 in visible light.
Upsilon Andromedae b appears to be responsible for increased chromospheric activity on Upsilon Andromedae B.
Observations suggest that there is a "hot spot" on Upsilon Andromedae B around 169 degrees away from the sub-planetary point.
The "hot spot" on Upsilon Andromedae B may be the result of interactions between the magnetic fields of Upsilon Andromedae b and Upsilon Andromedae B.
The mechanism responsible for the activity of Upsilon Andromedae B may be similar to that responsible for the activity of RS Canum Venaticorum variable stars.
The mechanism responsible for the activity of Upsilon Andromedae B may be similar to the interaction between Jupiter and its moon Io.