The plain maskray is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae.
The plain maskray is found in shallow, soft-bottomed habitats off northern Australia.
The plain maskray reaches 24 cm (9.4 in) in width.
The plain maskray has a diamond-shaped, grayish green pectoral fin disc.
The plain maskray has a short, whip-like tail with alternating black and white bands.
The plain maskray has fin folds above and below its tail.
The plain maskray has short rows of thorns on its back and the base of its tail.
The skin of the plain maskray is otherwise smooth.
The plain maskray possesses a dark mask-like pattern across its eyes.
The plain maskray is not ornately patterned like other maskrays.
The plain maskray is benthic in nature.
The plain maskray feeds mainly on caridean shrimp and polychaete worms.
The plain maskray feeds to a lesser extent on small bony fishes.
The plain maskray is viviparous.
Female plain maskrays produce litters of one or two young.
The young of the plain maskray are nourished during gestation via histotroph ("uterine milk").
The plain maskray lacks economic value.
The plain maskray is caught incidentally in bottom trawls.
The plain maskray is thought to be less able to withstand bottom trawls than other maskrays due to its gracile build.
The plain maskray has a limited distribution.
The plain maskray has low fecundity.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed the plain maskray as Near Threatened.
The first scientific description of the plain maskray was authored by Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) researcher Peter Last.
The first scientific description of the plain maskray was published in a 1987 issue of Memoirs of the National Museum of Victoria.
The specific name annotatus comes from the Latin "an" ("not") and "notatus" ("marked").
The specific name annotatus refers to the plain maskray's coloration.
The holotype of the plain maskray is a male 21.2 cm (8.3 in) across.
The holotype of the plain maskray was caught off Western Australia.
Several paratypes of the plain maskray were also designated.
Peter Last tentatively placed the plain maskray in the genus Dasyatis.
Peter Last noted that the plain maskray belonged to the "maskray" species group.
The "maskray" species group includes the bluespotted stingray (then Dasyatis kuhlii).
In 2008, Peter Last and William White elevated the kuhlii group to the rank of full genus as Neotrygon.
The elevation of the kuhlii group to the rank of full genus was based on morphological and molecular phylogenetic evidence.
In a 2012 phylogenetic analysis, the plain maskray and the Ningaloo maskray (N. ningalooensis) were found to be the most basal members of Neotrygon.
The divergence of the N. annotata lineage was estimated to have occurred approximately 54 million years ago.
The individuals sequenced in the 2012 study sorted into two genetically distinct clades.
The sorting of individuals in the 2012 study suggests that N. annotata is a cryptic species complex.
The two putative species of N. annotata were estimated to have diverged approximately 4.9 million years ago.
The precipitating event for the divergence of the two putative species was likely the splitting of the ancestral population by coastline changes.
The pectoral fin disc of the plain maskray is thin and diamond-shaped.
The pectoral fin disc of the plain maskray has narrowly rounded outer corners.
The pectoral fin disc of the plain maskray measures 1.1 – 1.3 times longer than wide.
The leading margins of the pectoral fin disc are gently concave.
The leading margins of the pectoral fin disc converge at a broad angle to the pointed tip of the snout.
The small eyes of the plain maskray are placed close together.
The spiracles are located behind the small eyes of the plain maskray.
The nostrils of the plain maskray are elongated.
The nostrils of the plain maskray have a skirt-shaped flap of skin between them.
The small mouth of the plain maskray bears prominent furrows at the corners.
The small mouth of the plain maskray contains two slender papillae on the floor.
Small papillae are found around the outside of the mouth of the plain maskray.
The plain maskray has five pairs of gill slits.
The pelvic fins of the plain maskray are fairly large and pointed.
The tail of the plain maskray is short and barely exceeds the length of the disc when intact.
The tail of the plain maskray has a broad and flattened base.
The tail of the plain maskray usually has two stinging spines.
After the stings, the tail of the plain maskray becomes slender.
The tail of the plain maskray bears a long ventral fin fold.
The tail of the plain maskray has a much shorter, lower dorsal fin fold.
Most of the body of the plain maskray lacks dermal denticles.
A midline row of 4 – 13 small, closely spaced thorns is present behind the spiracles of the plain maskray.
Another row of 0 – 4 thorns is present before the stings of the plain maskray.
The dorsal coloration of the plain maskray is grayish green.
The dorsal coloration of the plain maskray becomes pinkish towards the disc margins.
There is a dark mask-like shape around the eyes of the plain maskray.
There are a pair of small dark blotches behind the spiracles of the plain maskray.
The tail behind the stings of the plain maskray has alternating black and white bands of variable width.
The tail of the plain maskray ends with black at the tip.
The underside of the plain maskray is plain white.
The ventral fin fold of the plain maskray is light grayish in color.
The plain maskray grows to 24 cm (9.4 in) across.
The plain maskray grows to 45 cm (18 in) long.
The plain maskray inhabits the continental shelf of northern Australia.
The range of the plain maskray extends from the Wellesley Islands in Queensland to the Bonaparte Archipelago in Western Australia.
The range of the plain maskray includes the Gulf of Carpentaria.
The range of the plain maskray includes the Timor Sea.
The range of the plain maskray includes the Arafura Sea.
There are unsubstantiated reports that the range of the plain maskray extends to southern Papua New Guinea.
The plain maskray is the least common of the several maskray species native to the region.
The plain maskray is a bottom-dweller.
The plain maskray prefers habitats with fine sediment.
The plain maskray has been recorded from depths between 12 and 62 m (39 and 203 ft).
The plain maskray tends to be found farther away from shore than other maskrays in its range.
The plain maskray inhabits the continental shelf of southern Australia.
The plain maskray generally hunts at the surface of the bottom substrate.
The plain maskray does not dig for prey.
The diet of the plain maskray consists predominantly of caridean shrimp and polychaete worms.
The diet of the plain maskray includes small bony fishes.
The diet of the plain maskray includes the occasional penaeid prawn or amphipod.
Larger rays consume a greater variety of prey than smaller rays.
Larger rays consume relatively more polychaete worms than smaller rays.
The plain maskray is parasitized by the tapeworm Acanthobothrium jonesi.
The developing embryos of the plain maskray are sustained to term by histotroph ("uterine milk") produced by the mother.
Mature female plain maskrays have a single functional ovary and uterus.
The single functional ovary and uterus of mature female plain maskrays is on the left.
The litter size of the plain maskray is one or two.
The newborn plain maskrays measure 12 – 14 cm (4.7 – 5.5 in) across.
Male plain maskrays reach sexual maturity at disc widths of 20 – 21 cm (7.9 – 8.3 in).
Female plain maskrays reach sexual maturity at disc widths of 18 – 19 cm (7.1 – 7.5 in).
The maximum lifespan of male plain maskrays is estimated to be 9 years.
The maximum lifespan of female plain maskrays is estimated to be 13 years.
The main conservation threat to the plain maskray is incidental capture by commercial bottom trawl fisheries.
The incidental capture of the plain maskray is mostly caused by Australia’s Northern Prawn Fishery.
Australia’s Northern Prawn Fishery operates throughout the range of the plain maskray.
The plain maskray is discarded when caught.
The plain maskray is more delicate-bodied than other maskrays.
The plain maskray is unlikely to survive encounters with trawling gear.
Historically, the plain maskray may have been negatively affected by Japanese trawlers.
Historically, the plain maskray may have been negatively affected by Chinese trawlers.
Historically, the plain maskray may have been negatively affected by Taiwanese trawlers.
Japanese, Chinese, and Taiwanese trawlers fished intensively off northern Australia from 1959 to 1990.
The factors affecting the plain maskray, coupled with its limited distribution and low reproductive rate, have resulted in its being assessed as Near Threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).