"There 's Got to Be a Way" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" is from Mariah Carey's self-titled debut studio album released in 1990.
Columbia released "There 's Got to Be a Way" as the fifth and final single from the album in the United Kingdom.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" was one of four songs Mariah Carey wrote with Ric Wake during their first recording session together.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" was the only composition to make the final track listing.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" is a socio-political conscious R&B-pop song.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" addresses the existence of poverty, racism, and war in the world.
The song gradually becomes more aspirational and positive as it progresses.
The track garnered a mixed reception upon the album's release in 1990.
Mariah Carey's vocals were praised upon the album's release.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" was seen as too political.
An accompanying music video highlights social injustices.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" reached number 54 on the UK Singles Chart.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" was written by Mariah Carey and Ric Wake for Mariah Carey's self-titled debut studio album.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" was written during Mariah Carey and Ric Wake's first recording session together.
Mariah Carey and Ric Wake composed four songs during their first recording session together.
Only "There 's Got to Be a Way" was chosen for the final track listing.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" was co-produced by Ric Wake and Narada Michael Walden.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" appears as the second of ten songs on the track listing.
The track was recorded and engineered by Bob Cadway at Cove City Sound Studios.
The track was recorded and engineered by Bob Cadway at The Power Station.
Cove City Sound Studios is located in New York City.
The Power Station is located in New York City.
Bob Cadway was assisted by Dana Jon Chappelle.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" was mixed by David Frazer at Tarpan Studios in San Rafael.
Louis Biancaniello carried out the keyboards, bass, and rhythm engineering for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
Joe Franco performed the percussion for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
Vernon "Ice" Black played the guitar for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
Rich Tancredo also performed on the keyboards for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
Walter Afanasieff played the synth horns for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
Mariah Carey provided her own background vocals for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
Billy T. Scott provided background vocals for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
Jamiliah Muhammed provided background vocals for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
The Billy T. Scott Ensemble provided background vocals for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
"There 's Got to Be a Way" was released as the fifth and final single from the album in the United Kingdom.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" is available to purchase as a CD single.
The remixes of "There 's Got to Be a Way" are available on vinyl.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" is an R&B-pop music song with elements of gospel.
The theme of social activism can be heard in the lyrics "There’s got to be a way / to connect this world today."
The song begins with Mariah Carey publicly denouncing the existence of poverty and racism in the world.
Mariah Carey uses the bridge to shift the lyrics towards an uplifting and aspirational tone.
Mariah Carey suggests that people should be more tolerant of each other.
Mariah Carey suggests that people should not resort so readily to war.
Mariah Carey expresses the idea in the lyrics "Couldn't we accept each other / Can't we make ourselves aware."
Music critic Robert Christgau felt that Mariah Carey was being too political in her "brave, young, idealistic attack" on war and destitution.
Ralph Novak, David Hiltbrand, and David Grogan of People wrote that it is a "testimony to her talent that she does so much with so little."
Ralph Novak, David Hiltbrand, and David Grogan of People wrote that Mariah Carey's "tone and clarity" makes "There 's Got to Be a Way" a "mesmerizing" track.
Trevor Anderson wrote a track-by-track review of Mariah Carey's album in June 2015.
Trevor Anderson noted that "There 's Got to Be a Way" follows the same melodic tone as the album's opener "Vision of Love."
Trevor Anderson highlighted the stark lyrical differences between "There 's Got to Be a Way" and "Vision of Love."
Trevor Anderson stated that "There 's Got to Be a Way" is about social activism.
Trevor Anderson stated that "Vision of Love" is about love.
Trevor Anderson praised Mariah Carey's vocals.
Trevor Anderson wrote that Mariah Carey "deploys" one of her best whistle notes of her career.
Trevor Anderson felt that "the aim for broad appeal comes at the expense of memorable lyrics."
The accompanying music video begins with a shot of an empty street.
The accompanying music video includes clips of disadvantaged and poorer members of society going about their daily activities.
Two men play dominoes on a wooden crate outside a building in the music video.
A gang makes fun of an elderly man hanging newspapers outside his store in the music video.
An obese woman walks down the street in the music video.
The music video shows clips of Mariah Carey leaning against a wall.
The music video shows clips of Mariah Carey sitting on some steps looking on at what is happening.
As the first chorus begins in the music video, everyone starts to argue and fight in the street.
As the first chorus begins in the music video, people help those in need.
A gospel choir comes out of one of the buildings in the music video.
The street becomes more crowded with people of all ages and backgrounds rejoicing and getting along with each other in the music video.
One of the shops in the background of the music video has a neon light outside the entrance.
The neon light outside the entrance of one of the shops in the music video says "Jesus Saves."
"There 's Got to Be a Way" has an original album version that is 4 minutes and 52 seconds long.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" has a 7" remix.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" has a 12" remix.
"There 's Got to Be a Way" has an Alternative Vocal Dub Mix.