The Battle of Tellicherry was a naval action fought off the Indian port of Tellicherry between British warships and French warships on 18 November 1791. The Battle of Tellicherry occurred during the Third Anglo-Mysore War. Britain and France were not at war at the time of the Battle of Tellicherry. French support for the Kingdom of Mysore in the conflict with the British East India Company led to Royal Navy patrols stopping and searching French ships sailing for the Mysorean port of Mangalore. A French convoy from Mahé passed the British port of Tellicherry in November 1791. Commodore William Cornwallis sent a small squadron to intercept the French ships. The British force under Captain Sir Richard Strachan approached the French convoy. The escorting frigate Résolue opened fire on the British force. A general action followed the opening fire. Strachan succeeded in forcing the French ship to surrender within twenty minutes. Both sides suffered damage and casualties during the battle. All of the French vessels were searched after the battle. The French vessels were subsequently returned to Mahé. The local French authorities reacted furiously at what they perceived as a violation of their neutral position. Messages were sent back to France reporting the action from Commodore Saint-Félix. The messages sent by Commodore Saint-Félix evoked little response from France. The battle might have provoked a diplomatic incident under normal circumstances. The upheavals of the ongoing French Revolution meant that the despatches had little effect.
In December 1789, the ruler of Mysore Tipu Sultan declared war on the British East India Company and their allies in Southern India. The war continued for the next two years. British forces and their allies drove the Mysore armies back towards the capital of Seringapatam. Both sides were reliant on supply by sea to maintain their campaigns inland. The British forces were supported from their major ports at Bombay and Madras. The British later stationed additional forces at the small port of Tellicherry inside Mysore territory. The Mysorean forces were supplied through Mangalore by British ships. France had been an ally of Tipu Sultan's father Hyder Ali during the Second Anglo-Mysore War. The political instability caused by the French Revolution in Europe prevented active French involvement in the war. France ensured that their ships kept up a supply of equipment to Mysore throughout the war. Commodore William Cornwallis stationed a squadron of frigates at Tellicherry. The squadron was ideally situated to blockade Mangalore. The squadron consisted of Cornwallis in HMS Minerva, Captain Sir Richard Strachan in HMS Phoenix, and HMS Perseverance under Captain Isaac Smith. The French operated a squadron of their own on the coast. The French squadron was led by Commodore Saint-Félix. The French squadron consisted of two frigates based at Mahé. Mahé is a small French port located 7 miles (11 km) south of Tellicherry. The French communicated to the British at Tellicherry that they would not submit to any attempts to search their vessels. Strachan and Cornwallis replied that they would enforce the blockade of Mangalore whatever the consequences.
In November 1791, a French convoy sailed from Mahé to Mangalore. The convoy included two merchant vessels and the frigate Résolue. Résolue is a 36-gun warship under Captain Callamand. The convoy passed northwards and soon passed Tellicherry. Cornwallis sent Strachan with HMS Phoenix and HMS Perseverance to stop and inspect the French ships. Strachan aimed to ensure the French ships were not carrying military supplies. Captain Isaac Smith halted the merchant ships and sent boats to inspect them. Strachan hailed the French captain and placed an officer in a small boat to board the frigate Résolue. The French captain was outraged at this violation of his neutrality. The French captain responded by opening fire. British sources suggest that the French captain's initial target was the small boat. HMS Phoenix was the ship most immediately damaged during the exchange of fire. Strachan was unsurprised at the French reaction. Strachan returned fire immediately. The proximity of the ships prevented any manoeuvres during the battle. Within twenty minutes, the combat was decided. The French captain hauled down his colours. The French ship was battered and more than 60 men were wounded or dead. The French ship carried significantly weaker cannon than HMS Phoenix. The French ship carried 6 and 12 pounder guns. HMS Phoenix carried 9 and 18 pounders. Résolue was heavily outnumbered during the battle. No other French warships were in the area during the battle. The British had three large frigates within sight during the battle. French losses eventually totalled 25 men killed and 60 wounded. Strachan suffered just six killed and 11 wounded in return.
With the enemy subdued, Strachan ordered a thorough search of the captured vessels. Strachan could find no contraband in the captured vessels. Strachan returned control of the captured vessels to the French commander. The French officer refused to accept control of the captured vessels. The French officer insisted that he and his ship were treated as prisoners of war. Cornwallis ordered the merchant ships released to continue their journey. Cornwallis ordered the frigate to be towed back to Mahé. The frigate was anchored in the roads at Mahé with its sails and topmasts struck. Provision was subsequently made at Mahé by Strachan for the wounded French sailors. Soon afterwards, Saint-Félix arrived at Mahé in his frigate Cybèle. Saint-Félix reacted furiously at the discovery that one of his neutral ships had been attacked and captured by the British. Cornwallis insisted that his ships had been acting within their orders. Saint-Félix promised reprisals if any of his vessels were attacked again. Saint-Félix withdrew with both Cybèle and Résolue later in the day. Saint-Félix was followed by HMS Minerva and HMS Phoenix. One account reported that Saint-Félix ordered his crew to fire on Cornwallis. The crew of Saint-Félix's ship refused to fire on Cornwallis. The British shadowed the French for several days. The British openly stopped and searched French merchant ships. The British actions did not provoke a response from Saint-Félix. Résolue and HMS Phoenix were subsequently detached by their commanders. Cornwallis and Saint-Félix remained in contact for several more days. Cornwallis and Saint-Félix finally separated. News of the encounter was conveyed back to France. France was at this time in one of the most turbulent eras of the ongoing Revolution. Little notice was taken of events in India by France. Historian William James notes that under normal political circumstances, the action would have had more significant ramifications. Historian Edward Pelham Brenton claims that the French deliberately ignored the report out of fear of antagonising Britain. The Admiralty in Britain approved of Cornwallis's actions. The Admiralty suggested that the French were deliberately using the guise of trade to support Mysore against Britain. The action had no effect on the ongoing war in India. The ongoing war in India was now centred on the inland city of Seringapatam. As British forces closed on Seringapatam in February 1792, Tipu Sultan initiated peace talks. The peace talks brought the war to an end in exchange for concessions to the British East India Company and its Indian allies.