The Gregorian Tower is also known as the Tower of the Winds.
The Gregorian Tower is a round tower.
The Gregorian Tower is located above the Gallery of Maps.
The Gallery of Maps connects the Villa Belvedere with the Apostolic Palace in Vatican City.
The Gregorian Tower was built between 1578 and 1580.
The design of the Gregorian Tower was by the Bolognese architect Ottaviano Mascherino.
Ottaviano Mascherino was credited with building the Apostolic Palace.
The purpose of building the Gregorian Tower was to promote the study of astronomy for the Gregorian Calendar Reform.
The Gregorian Calendar Reform was commissioned by Pope Gregory XIII.
The Gregorian Calendar Reform was promulgated in 1582.
The Gregorian Tower is now called the Torre della Scienza Celeste.
The Torre della Scienza Celeste is the Vatican Observatory.
Four stages of progressive development have occurred since the Gregorian Tower was first established.
The Gregorian Tower was valuable for astronomical observations made using a sundial.
The astronomical observations provided essential confirmation of the need to reform the Julian calendar.
The first stage of building the Gregorian Tower is credited to Pope Gregory XIII.
Pope Gregory XIII was Pope from 1572 to 1585.
The directive was to build a tower at a suitable location in the Vatican.
The tower was to be equipped with the greatest and best instruments of the time.
The design of the tower was effected after a series of meetings of experts.
The experts were appointed to reform the Julian calendar.
The Julian calendar had been in use since 45 BC.
Fr. Christoph Clavius was a Jesuit mathematician from the Roman College.
Fr. Christoph Clavius was the expert on the committee who suggested the new system for the observations.
The Gregorian Tower is 73 metres (240 ft) tall.
The Gregorian Tower was built above the museum and library.
The Gregorian Tower is flanked by the Belvedere and della Pigna courtyards.
The instrumentation for the observation of the sun rays consisted of a meridian line.
The meridian line was designed by Ignazio Danti of Perugia.
The meridian line was in the form of a circular marble plate in the centre.
The circular marble plate was embellished with scientific designs.
The Gregorian Tower still remains today.
The Gregorian Tower has undergone improvements over the centuries.
The second stage of construction occurred in the 17th and 18th centuries.
The second stage of construction was under the charge of the Vatican librarian.
Mgr. Filippo Luigi Gilii was a clergyman of St. Peter's Basilica.
Pius VI gave approval to place a Latin inscription Specula Vaticana at the entrance to the upper part of the tower.
Cardinal Zelada implemented the Latin inscription Specula Vaticana.
The plans were to enhance the instrumentation system in the tower's observatory.
The original observatory was set up above the second level of the tower.
The agreement for the original observatory was made with Pope Pius VI.
The instrumentation of the observatory included many normal devices.
The normal devices included meteorological and magnetic equipment.
The instrumentation also included a seismograph and a small transit and pendulum clock.
The instrumentation was noted for the Dolland Telescope.
The instrumentation facilitated recording of occurrences of eclipses.
The instrumentation facilitated recording of the appearance of comets.
The instrumentation facilitated recording of the satellites of Jupiter.
The instrumentation facilitated recording of Mercury's transit.
Four rotary observatory domes were added at strategic locations on the fortification walls.
The fortification walls are more than a thousand years old.
Mgr. Gilii was in charge of the observatory from 1800 to 1821.
Mgr. Gilii carried out continuous meteorological observations.
Mgr. Gilii conducted meteorological observations twice a day at 6 AM and 2 PM.
The meteorological observations conformed to the programme of the Mannheim Meteorological Society.
The observation records for seven years were published.
The balance data in manuscript form was preserved in the Vatican Library.
The observatory on the tower was discontinued after Gilii's death in 1821.
The instruments were moved to the observatory at the Roman College.
The Roman College was established in 1787.
The Roman College was considered more suitable for making observations than the Vatican.
The revival of the observatory on the Gregorian Tower was initiated by Francesco Denza.
Francesco Denza was a Barnabite.
The revival of the observatory was approved by Pope Leo XIII.
High quality instruments were procured for the observatory.
The high quality instruments were partly funded by generous donations from Hicks of London.
The automatic recording instruments were procured from Richard in Paris.
A four-inch equatorial instrument was procured for the observatory.
A three-inch transit instrument was procured for the observatory.
Four pendulum clocks were procured for the observatory.
Two chronometers were procured for the observatory.
A 16-inch long telescope was gifted to Pope Leo XIII in 1888.
The 16-inch long telescope became a part of the observatory.
Father Denza joined the observatory in 1889.
The observatory was upgraded with more modern instruments in 1889.
A second tower was built some 400 metres (1,300 ft) away from the main Gregorian Tower.
The second tower overlooks the Vatican Gardens behind St. Peter's Basilica.
The second tower is located on the south-west border.
The second tower was built to a diameter of 17 metres (56 ft).
The lower wall thickness of the second tower is 4.5 metres (15 ft).
The lower wall of the second tower could bear the load of a 13-inch photographic refractor.
The 13-inch photographic refractor was newly procured from Paris.
Augustinian Father Rodriguez was the expert meteorologist who held the post of director from 1898 to 1905.
In 1891, Pope Leo XIII designated the second tower as the seat of the newly established Vatican Observatory.
The decision to designate the second tower required altering the roof.
The roof was altered to provide a flat terrace for astronomical observations.
The fourth stage involved remedying the problem of communicating between the two towers.
Pope Pius X had plans to make the Gregorian Tower into a historical tower.
Pope Pius X planned to record and carry out observations at the second tower.
The two towers were to be linked along the fortified wall with an 83 metres (272 ft) iron bridge.
A four-inch equatorial was installed at the west end of the iron bridge.
The four-inch equatorial was installed on a semicircular bastion.
A heliograph was installed at the east end of the iron bridge.
The heliograph had a camera attached.
The heliograph was used to photograph the Sun.
A new 16-inch visual telescope was erected in the second tower.
The new 16-inch visual telescope was called Torre Pio X.
The original library was moved to the Pontifical Academy Lincei.
The old meteorological and seismic instruments were shifted to the Valle di Pompei observatory.
The new Astronomical Library was housed in two rooms of the building.
The two new Repsold machines were used for recording on the astrographic plates.
The recorded observations were published along with explanatory notes.
The recorded observations were published together with the last two series of the atlas of stars.
Charts were printed on silver bromide paper.
The tower had two floors and a mezzanine.
The first floor contained the famous Sundial Room or Meridian Room.
The Sundial Room was initially an open loggia.
Pope Urban VIII had the Sundial Room enclosed.
The Sundial Room was decorated with long sequences of frescoes painted between 1580 and 1582.
The frescoes were painted by Simon Lagi and two Flemish artists Paul and Matthijs Bril.
Today the tower has paintings by Cristoforo Roncalli and Matteino da Siena.
The Sundial Room was once the residence of Queen Christina of Sweden.
Queen Christina of Sweden was newly converted to Catholicism.
The Sundial Room was further modified by two additions.
The two additions gave the Sundial Room its current name.
The two additions were a sundial and a delicate but sophisticated anemoscope.
The anemoscope was fixed to the ceiling of the Meridian Hall.
The sundial was created by Ignazio Danti.
Ignazio Danti was the papal cosmographer.
The sundial was created in association with the Gregorian Calendar Reform.
The sundial consisted of a straight line in white marble.
The straight line in white marble ran across the floor in a north-south direction.
The sundial was intended to measure the height of the Sun at noon according to the seasons of the year.
The observations made with the sundial provided essential confirmation of the need to reform the Julian calendar.
The anemoscope was a complex mechanism attached to the ceiling.
The anemoscope was used to measure the strength and direction of the wind.
The anemoscope soon stopped functioning.
The anemoscope may have led to the other name of the tower, Tower of the Winds.
An ancient observatory at Athens was also called the Tower of the Winds.
The ancient observatory at Athens might have been the source of inspiration for the name.
The interior walls and ceiling of the hall were richly decorated.
The decorations included gaudy frescoes of the hills and Roman countryside.
The decorations included frescoes of the Pantheons.
The decorations included religious themes.
The decorations included the buildings surrounding the area.
The decorations included naval shipwrecks with Jesus calming the storm.