The Arihant class is a class of nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines being built for the Indian Navy.
The Arihant class was developed under the US $2.9 billion Advanced Technology Vessel project.
The Arihant class is a class of diesel-electric attack submarines being built for the Indian Navy.
The lead vessel of the Arihant class is INS Arihant.
INS Arihant was launched in 2009.
INS Arihant was confirmed as ready for operations on 23 February 2016.
INS Arihant is the first ballistic missile submarine built by a country other than one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
In December 1971, during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, US President Richard Nixon sent a carrier battle group named Task Force 74 into the Bay of Bengal.
Task Force 74 was led by the nuclear-powered USS Enterprise.
The purpose of sending Task Force 74 was to intimidate India.
In response, the Soviet Union sent a submarine armed with nuclear missiles from Vladivostok.
The Soviet submarine trailed the US task force.
The event demonstrated the significance of nuclear weapons and ballistic missile submarines to then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Following the 1974 Smiling Buddha nuclear test, the Director of Marine Engineering at Naval Headquarters initiated a technical feasibility study for an indigenous nuclear propulsion system.
The indigenous nuclear propulsion system was named Project 932.
The Indian Navy's Advanced Technology Vessel project took shape in the 1990s.
Then Defence Minister George Fernandes confirmed the Advanced Technology Vessel project in 1998.
The initial intent of the Advanced Technology Vessel project was to design nuclear-powered fast attack submarines.
The project was realigned towards the design of a ballistic missile submarine after nuclear tests conducted by India in 1998.
The nuclear tests were conducted at Pokhran Test Range.
India made a pledge of no first use of nuclear weapons.
The Arihant-class submarines are nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines built under the Advanced Technology Vessel project.
The Arihant-class submarines will be the first nuclear submarines designed and built by India.
The submarines are 112 meters long.
The submarines have a beam of 11 meters.
The submarines have a draught of 10 meters.
The submarines have a displacement of 6,000 tonnes.
The submarines have a displacement of 5,900 long tons.
The submarines have a displacement of 6,600 short tons.
The submarines can dive to a depth of 300 meters.
The submarines have a complement of about 95, including officers and sailors.
The submarines are powered by a single seven-blade propeller.
The submarines are powered by an 83 MW pressurized water reactor.
The submarines can achieve a maximum speed of 12 to 15 knots when surfaced.
The submarines can achieve a maximum speed of 22 to 28 km/h when surfaced.
The submarines can achieve a maximum speed of 24 knots when submerged.
The submarines can achieve a maximum speed of 44 km/h when submerged.
The submarines have four launch tubes in their hump.
The submarines can carry up to 12 K-15 Sagarika missiles.
Each K-15 Sagarika missile has one warhead.
Each K-15 Sagarika missile has a range of 750 km.
Each K-15 Sagarika missile has a range of 470 miles.
The submarines can carry up to 4 K-4 missiles.
Each K-4 missile has a range of 3,500 km.
Each K-4 missile has a range of 2,200 miles.
The submarines are similar to the Akula-class submarine of Russia.
The Indian Navy will train on INS Chakra.
INS Chakra is an Akula-class submarine leased from Russia in 2012.
The submarines are powered by a pressurized water reactor with highly enriched uranium fuel.
The miniaturized version of the reactor was designed and built by the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre.
The miniaturized reactor was built at the Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research in Kalpakkam.
The reactor includes a 42-meter section of the submarine's pressure hull.
The reactor includes a shielding tank with water.
The reactor includes a control room.
The reactor includes an auxiliary control room for monitoring safety parameters.
The prototype reactor became critical on 11 November 2003.
The prototype reactor was declared operational on 22 September 2006.
Successful operation of the prototype for three years enabled the production version of the reactor for Arihant.
The reactor subsystems were tested at the Machinery Test Center in Visakhapatnam.
Facilities for loading and replacing the fuel cores of the naval reactors in berthed submarines were established.
The detailed engineering of the design was implemented at Larsen & Toubro's submarine design center.
Larsen & Toubro's submarine design center is located at their Hazira shipbuilding facility.
Tata Power SED built the control systems for the submarine.
The steam turbines and associated systems integrated with the reactor were supplied by Walchandnagar Industries.
The lead vessel underwent a long and extensive process of testing after its launch in July 2009.
The propulsion and power systems were tested with high-pressure steam trials.
The propulsion and power systems underwent harbor-acceptance trials.
The harbor-acceptance trials included submersion tests by flooding the ballast tanks.
The harbor-acceptance trials included controlled dives to limited depths.
INS Arihant's reactor went critical for the first time on 10 August 2013.
On 13 December 2014, INS Arihant set off for its extensive sea trials.
The exact number of planned submarines remains unclear.
According to media reports, about three to six submarines are planned to be built.
The first boat of the class, INS Arihant, is expected to be commissioned by 2016.
The first four vessels are expected to be commissioned by 2023.
In December 2014, work on a second nuclear reactor began.
The second boat, INS Aridhaman, is being prepared for sea trials.
The next three ships in the class will be larger than INS Arihant.
The next three ships in the class will have 8 missile launch tubes.
The next three ships in the class can carry up to 8 K-4 missiles.
The next three ships in the class will have a more powerful pressurized water reactor than INS Arihant.
A larger follow-on class to the Arihant class is also planned.
The new boats will be capable of carrying 12 to 16 ballistic missiles.