L.A.M.B. is a fashion line by American singer Gwen Stefani.
Gwen Stefani is the lead vocalist of the rock band No Doubt.
L.A.M.B. manufactures apparel and fashion accessories.
L.A.M.B. was founded in 2003.
L.A.M.B. made its runway debut in 2004.
L.A.M.B. manufactures accessories like shoes, watches, bags, and a fragrance called "L."
The name L.A.M.B. is an acronym of Gwen Stefani's debut solo album Love. Angel. Music. Baby.
L.A.M.B. is influenced by a variety of fashion cultures, including Guatemalan, Japanese, Indian, and Jamaican styles.
Gwen Stefani came from a family of seamstresses.
Gwen Stefani was inspired to launch her own fashion line by her family's background in sewing.
L.A.M.B. achieved popularity among celebrities.
Teri Hatcher wears L.A.M.B. products.
Nicole Kidman wears L.A.M.B. products.
Paris Hilton wears L.A.M.B. products.
Gwen Stefani wears L.A.M.B. products.
L.A.M.B. made a runway debut in the spring collection of 2004.
L.A.M.B. achieved mainstream success at New York Fashion Week in 2005.
L.A.M.B. currently makes an annual gross income of $90 million.
L.A.M.B. and its fashion shows were well received by critics.
Critics appreciated the indulgence of a celebrity into the fashion world.
Gwen Stefani launched an additional fashion line called Harajuku Lovers.
In late 2014, Gwen Stefani announced she would be producing an animated series based on the characters Love, Angel, Music, and Baby.
The animated series Kuukuu Harajuku follows the Harajuku Girls, known together as HJ5.
The Harajuku Girls fight evil and try to pursue their music career.
Gwen Stefani first came face to face with designing clothes when she and her mother sewed clothes for themselves when she was young.
Gwen Stefani comes from a long line of seamstresses.
Gwen Stefani's great-grandmother sewed clothes.
Gwen Stefani made most of the things she wore onstage during concerts.
Gwen Stefani felt she lost her way when she became successful and began to tour constantly.
Gwen Stefani met the stylist Andrea Lieberman.
Andrea Lieberman introduced Gwen Stefani to haute couture clothing.
Andrea Lieberman became Gwen Stefani's creative consultant.
Zaldy Goco took over as the head designer of L.A.M.B.
Zaldy Goco later parted ways with L.A.M.B.
L.A.M.B. started out as a collaboration with LeSportsac in 2003.
The name L.A.M.B. stands for Love. Angel. Music. Baby.
L.A.M.B. manufactures clothes, shoes, bags, and a fragrance called "L."
L.A.M.B. started out as a line for women.
L.A.M.B. claims that the track items are unisex.
Ska Girl LLC manufactured the clothes for L.A.M.B.
Ska Girl LLC was founded in 2003 by Ken Erman.
Ken Erman is the president of L.A.M.B.
L.A.M.B. has been more of a collaborative fashion line for its other products.
L.A.M.B. is teaming up with another manufacturer.
The official L.A.M.B. website is down.
L.A.M.B. joined with Royal Elastics for the shoe line.
Gwen Stefani is widening her footwear line for adults to include boots and stilettos.
L.A.M.B. collaborated with Coty Inc. for the fragrance.
L.A.M.B. collaborated with LeSportsac for handbags in 2003.
Gwen Stefani designed a new line of handbags with Shifter and Partners in 2006.
The bags feature LeSportsac's signature rip-stop nylon.
The bags include a variety of antiqued metal hardware, leather trims, and colorful linings.
Gwen Stefani plans to design lingerie for L.A.M.B.
Gwen Stefani plans to make make-up products for L.A.M.B.
L.A.M.B. partnered with Vestal Group on a line of women's watches.
The line consists of 39 timepieces.
L.A.M.B. products are relatively expensive.
L.A.M.B. apparel is priced from $55 to $1100.
L.A.M.B. handbags are priced from $80 to $825.
L.A.M.B. watches are priced from $125 to $995.
Coty Inc. announced a global licensing agreement with Gwen Stefani to develop and market fragrances for L.A.M.B.
Catherine Walsh is the senior vice president of American Fragrances at Coty Prestige.
Catherine Walsh said that Coty Inc. will work closely with Gwen Stefani to ensure that her signature fragrance captures her rare spirit, style, and warmth.
Gwen Stefani said that creating a fragrance is one of the most prestigious things a designer can do.
The fragrance called "L" was launched in September 2007 at Soho House in New York.
Gwen Stefani worked with perfumer Harry Fremont to develop the scent.
Gwen Stefani described the fragrance as something she created for herself.
Gwen Stefani described the fragrance as "like me shrunk into a box."
The perfume is a blend of the aromas of hyacinth, white freesia, fresh pear, violet, jasmine, rose, lily, sweet pea, orange blossom, peach, frangipani, heliotrope, and musk.
The perfume is available in 50 ml and 100 ml bottles.
Gwen Stefani frequently refers to her clothing line in her music.
Gwen Stefani uses her clothing line as one of the brand's promotional strategies.
Gwen Stefani refers to her clothing line in her songs "Wind It Up," "Harajuku Girls," and "Crash."
The song "Crash" incorporates the brand's slogan, "I want you all over me like L.A.M.B."
Gwen Stefani is often seen wearing her own designs during public appearances.
A thirty-second commercial directed by Sophie Muller was released to promote the brand's fragrance.
L.A.M.B. participated in the Spring/Summer 2006 New York Fashion Week.
L.A.M.B. participated in the Spring/Summer 2007 New York Fashion Week.
L.A.M.B. participated in the Spring/Summer 2008 New York Fashion Week.
Gwen Stefani described her first line, which debuted on September 16, 2005, as inspired by "a little Sound of Music, some Orange County chola girl, some Rasta, and a bit of The Great Gatsby."
The highlights of the Spring/Summer 2006 show included purple cars bouncing using hydraulics.
Gwen Stefani's song "Wind It Up" made its debut as the models walked the runway during the Spring/Summer 2006 show.
For Spring/Summer 2007, Gwen Stefani opted for a presentation rather than a catwalk show.
The models in the Spring/Summer 2007 show wore identical blond wigs.
The designs in the Spring/Summer 2007 show were inspired by Michelle Pfeiffer's role as Elvira Hancock in the 1983 film Scarface.
The Spring/Summer 2007 show included some of Gwen Stefani's trademark tracksuits.
The Spring/Summer 2007 show extensively referenced prints from Guatemala, India, and Japan.
On September 5, 2007, L.A.M.B. opened New York's Spring/Summer 2008 Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week.
The Spring/Summer 2008 collection looked like the sixties as seen by someone who grew up in the eighties.
The Spring/Summer 2008 collection incorporated influences from Gwen Stefani's ska roots.
Fashion week organizer Fern Mallis said that celebrity designers provided synergy and energy to the fashion industry.
Fern Mallis said that Gwen Stefani's collection was a desirable opener.
The L.A.M.B. line was mostly well received by critics.
Gwen Stefani was criticized for not taking fashion seriously even though she is a celebrity.
Fern Mallis of IMG praised the L.A.M.B. line and Gwen Stefani.
Fern Mallis said that the L.A.M.B. line is clearly at the top of these lines.
Fern Mallis said that the L.A.M.B. line is as unique and individual as Gwen Stefani herself.
The shoes from L.A.M.B. were well received by critics.
The shoes from L.A.M.B. were considered to be pricey.
Desiree Stimpert of About.com said that L.A.M.B. shoes aren't for everyone.
Desiree Stimpert of About.com said that L.A.M.B. shoes will most definitely appeal to fans of Gwen Stefani's music and fashion sense.
Tim Stack of Entertainment Weekly said that L.A.M.B.'s embellished tracksuits, Rasta-inspired knits, and gaucho-heel combos deliver the edge.
Nicole Phelps of Style.com said that the L.A.M.B. collection looked like the sixties as seen by someone who grew up in the eighties.
Nicole Phelps of Style.com said that the L.A.M.B. collection was altogether more wearable and on trend.
Fashion journalist Cathy Horyn of The New York Times said that Gwen Stefani's fashion line experienced a fashion meltdown.
The L.A.M.B. brand is sold in 275 stores worldwide.
Kelly Ripa wears L.A.M.B. products.
L.A.M.B. sales expanded from $40 million in 2005 to a predicted $90 million in 2007.
According to a Nordstrom spokesperson, the debut of L.A.M.B.'s watch line sold out in two days.
The debut of L.A.M.B.'s watch line was the store's most successful watch launch ever.
The L.A.M.B. brand's designs have appeared in W, Marie Claire, Elle, Lucky, and InStyle.