Not Quite Hollywood: The Wild, Untold Story of Ozploitation! is a 2008 Australian documentary film.
Not Quite Hollywood documents the Australian New Wave of 1970s and '80s low-budget cinema.
Mark Hartley wrote and directed Not Quite Hollywood.
Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty Australian actors.
Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty American actors.
Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty British actors.
Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty directors.
Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty screenwriters.
Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty producers.
Quentin Tarantino is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
Brian Trenchard-Smith is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
Jamie Lee Curtis is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
Dennis Hopper is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
George Lazenby is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
George Miller is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
Barry Humphries is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
Stacy Keach is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
John Seale is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
Mark Hartley spent several years writing a detailed research document.
The detailed research document served as a script for Not Quite Hollywood.
Not Quite Hollywood focuses on "Ozploitation" films.
Ozploitation films are mainly filled with sex, horror, and violence.
Critics and film historians considered Ozploitation films vulgar and offensive.
Ozploitation films were often excluded from Australia's official film history.
Mark Hartley approached Quentin Tarantino for help with the project.
Quentin Tarantino agreed to help get Not Quite Hollywood off the ground.
Mark Hartley spent an additional five years interviewing subjects.
Mark Hartley edited 250 hours of interviews and original stock footage.
Not Quite Hollywood is a 100-minute film.
Not Quite Hollywood premiered at the 2008 Melbourne International Film Festival.
Not Quite Hollywood did not perform well at the box office upon its Australia-wide release.
Not Quite Hollywood garnered universally positive reviews from critics.
Not Quite Hollywood received a nomination for "Best Documentary" at the 2008 Australian Film Institute Awards.
Not Quite Hollywood documents the revival of Australian cinema during the Australian New Wave of the 1970s and '80s.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Alvin Purple.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Barry McKenzie Holds His Own.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Dead-End Drive In.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Long Weekend.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Mad Max.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as The Man from Hong Kong.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Patrick.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Razorback.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Road Games.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Stork.
Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Turkey Shoot.
From 1971 through to the late 1980s, Australian directors began to take advantage of the newly introduced R-rating.
The R-rating allowed more on-screen nudity for audiences restricted to age 18 and over.
The R-rating allowed more on-screen sex for audiences restricted to age 18 and over.
The R-rating allowed more on-screen violence for audiences restricted to age 18 and over.
Ozploitation was a subgenre of the New Wave.
Ozploitation films included gross-out comedies.
Ozploitation films included sex romps.
Ozploitation films included action and road movies.
Ozploitation films included teen films.
Ozploitation films included westerns.
Ozploitation films included thrillers.
Ozploitation films included horror films.
The film addresses three main categories of Ozploitation films: sex.
The film addresses three main categories of Ozploitation films: horror.
The film addresses three main categories of Ozploitation films: action.
Mark Hartley discovered many Ozploitation B-movies while watching late-night television as a child.
Mark Hartley was disappointed when Ozploitation B-movies were completely overlooked in books detailing Australian cinema.
Mark Hartley became an accomplished music video director.
Mark Hartley's interest in this era of Australian filmmaking grew.
Mark Hartley spent years researching a potential documentary film.
Mark Hartley was close to giving up on the project.
Mark Hartley sent a 100-page draft of the script to Quentin Tarantino.
Mark Hartley did not expect to receive a reply from Quentin Tarantino.
Quentin Tarantino was a longtime fan of Ozploitation films.
Quentin Tarantino dedicated his film Kill Bill to Brian Trenchard-Smith's work.
Quentin Tarantino replied to Mark Hartley the day after receiving the script.
Quentin Tarantino told Mark Hartley that he would do whatever he could to get the film made.
Mark Hartley traveled to Los Angeles, California to meet with Quentin Tarantino.
Quentin Tarantino agreed to sit for hours of interviews.
Quentin Tarantino was one of the film's most prominent interviewees.
Mark Hartley spent five years interviewing other actors.
Mark Hartley spent five years interviewing other directors.
Mark Hartley spent five years interviewing other screenwriters.
Mark Hartley spent five years interviewing other producers.
Mark Hartley collected original stock footage.
Mark Hartley cut 100 hours of interviews down into a 100-minute film.
Not Quite Hollywood had its worldwide premiere at the Melbourne International Film Festival on 28 July 2008.
Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Australian Centre for the Moving Image.
Not Quite Hollywood had its Australia-wide release on 28 August 2008.
Not Quite Hollywood had its overseas premiere at the Toronto Film Festival on 7 September 2008.
Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for the United Kingdom.
Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for Canada.
Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for France.
Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for Russia.
Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for Germany.
Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for Benelux.
Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Austin International Film Festival in 2008.
Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Sitges International Film Festival in 2008.
Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Warsaw International Film Festival in 2008.
Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Helsinki International Film Festival in 2008.
Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Stockholm International Film Festival in 2008.
Not Quite Hollywood featured at the London Film Festival on 25 October 2008.
Not Quite Hollywood did not perform well at the box office upon its Australian release.
Not Quite Hollywood took in a gross of A$108,330 on its first weekend.
Not Quite Hollywood took in a gross of $31,995 on its second weekend.
Not Quite Hollywood had a screen average of $681 on 47 screens.
Not Quite Hollywood received positive reviews from critics overall.
Rotten Tomatoes reports that 94% of critics have given Not Quite Hollywood a positive review.
Rotten Tomatoes reports that Not Quite Hollywood is "Certified Fresh" based on 63 reviews.
Rotten Tomatoes reports that Not Quite Hollywood has an average score of 7.4 out of 10.
Margaret Pomeranz gave Not Quite Hollywood four out of five stars.
David Stratton gave Not Quite Hollywood three and a half out of five stars.
Margaret Pomeranz commended Mark Hartley for the depth of his research.
Margaret Pomeranz commended Mark Hartley for creating a wildly entertaining film experience.
Margaret Pomeranz claimed that Not Quite Hollywood is a blast for those who remember the films.
Sandra Hall gave Not Quite Hollywood three and a half out of five stars.
Sandra Hall believed that Mark Hartley's film is much livelier than most of those he is out to celebrate.
Jake Wilson gave Not Quite Hollywood three and a half stars.
Jake Wilson called Not Quite Hollywood basically a feature-length advertisement for its subject.
Jake Wilson said that Not Quite Hollywood moves far too rapidly to permit sustained analysis.
Des Partridge gave Not Quite Hollywood four and a half out of five stars.
Des Partridge disagreed with Jake Wilson's assessment of Not Quite Hollywood.
Des Partridge said that brisk editing means the history is lively and fun.
Des Partridge claimed that copies of Not Quite Hollywood should go straight to pool rooms all over Australia when it becomes available on DVD.
Luke Goodsell gave Not Quite Hollywood five out of five stars.
Luke Goodsell called Not Quite Hollywood fast, thrilling, and often ribald.
Leigh Paatsch wrote for the Herald Sun that there is not a single instant where boredom can possibly intrude in Not Quite Hollywood.
Leigh Paatsch dubbed Not Quite Hollywood an incredibly energetic and merrily messed-up celebration of Australian B-movies.
Edgar Wright named Not Quite Hollywood his fourth favorite film of 2008.
Edgar Wright called Not Quite Hollywood the best documentary ever.
Not Quite Hollywood grossed $186,986 at the box office in Australia.