The Grammy Award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to recording artists at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988.
The Grammy Award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to recording artists at the 31st Grammy Awards in 1989.
The Grammy Award for Best Concept Music Video was awarded for quality concept music videos.
The Grammy Awards is an annual ceremony.
The Grammy Awards was established in 1958.
The Grammy Awards was originally called the Gramophone Awards.
The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards to honor artistic achievement.
The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards to honor technical proficiency.
The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards to honor overall excellence in the recording industry.
The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards without regard to album sales.
The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards without regard to chart position.
Beginning in 1982, the Academy began to honor quality music videos with the Video of the Year category.
The Video of the Year category was discontinued in 1984.
The MTV Video Music Awards was established in 1984.
The MTV Video Music Awards presents an award for Video of the Year.
The Academy replaced the Video of the Year category with awards for Best Video, Short Form and Best Video Album.
The Best Concept Music Video award was presented alongside the Best Performance Music Video award in 1988 and 1989.
The Academy returned to the previous format in 1990.
The categories were renamed Best Short Form Music Video and Best Long Form Music Video in 1990.
The categories were retitled Best Short Form Music Video and Best Long Form Music Video in 1998.
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included David Bowie for "Day - In Day - Out."
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included Kate Bush for The Whole Story.
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included the English rock band Genesis for "Land of Confusion."
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included David Lee Roth for David Lee Roth.
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included Janet Jackson for Control – The Videos Part II.
The music video for David Bowie's "Day - In Day - Out" was directed by Julien Temple.
The music video for David Bowie's "Day - In Day - Out" included offending scenes.
The offending scenes in David Bowie's "Day - In Day - Out" included a man urinating on Ronald Reagan's Hollywood Walk of Fame star.
The offending scenes in David Bowie's "Day - In Day - Out" were edited out for television broadcast.
Kate Bush's video sampler accompanies her greatest hits album of the same name.
Kate Bush's video sampler includes music videos for songs throughout her career to that point.
The music video for "Land of Confusion" contained Spitting Image puppets of Ronald Reagan.
The music video for "Land of Confusion" contained Spitting Image puppets of Margaret Thatcher.
The music video for "Land of Confusion" contained Spitting Image puppets of other notable individuals.
David Lee Roth's self-titled video consisted of promotional clips created for his debut solo EP Crazy from the Heat.
David Lee Roth's self-titled video consisted of promotional clips created for his album Eat 'Em and Smile.
Janet Jackson's video collection was certified gold in the United States.
Janet Jackson's video collection contained six promotional videos recorded for singles from her album Control.
Awards were presented to members of Genesis as the performing artists.
The members of Genesis who received awards included Tony Banks.
The members of Genesis who received awards included Phil Collins.
The members of Genesis who received awards included Mike Rutherford.
Awards were presented to Jim Yukich and John Lloyd as the video directors.
Awards were presented to Jon Blair as the video producer.
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included the Hampton String Quartet for "Get a Job."
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included George Harrison for "When We Was Fab."
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included the American rock band Talking Heads for Storytelling Giant.
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included "Weird Al" Yankovic for "Fat."
The nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included Neil Young for "This Note's for You."
"Get a Job" was originally recorded by the American group The Silhouettes.
"Get a Job" appears on the Hampton String Quartet's album What If Mozart Wrote "Roll Over Beethoven."
The Hampton String Quartet's album What If Mozart Wrote "Roll Over Beethoven" is a collection of 1950s R&B and pop music songs.
The Hampton String Quartet's album What If Mozart Wrote "Roll Over Beethoven" features songs performed in the styles of Beethoven, Debussy, Mozart, and other composers.
"When We Was Fab" is a song from the album Cloud Nine.
"When We Was Fab" is constructed from quotations written when The Beatles were at the height of their fame.
The music video for "When We Was Fab" features George Harrison playing a sitar.
The music video for "When We Was Fab" shows Elton John dressed as a walrus.
The music video for "When We Was Fab" references the 1967 song "I Am the Walrus."
Storytelling Giants is a collection of Talking Heads' music videos.
Storytelling Giants includes additional material linking Talking Heads' music videos together.
Two of the nominated music videos had connections to Michael Jackson.
The "Fat" video is a parody of Michael Jackson's song "Bad."
The video for "This Note's for You" depicts a Michael Jackson look-alike's hair catching fire.
The video for "This Note's for You" parodies an incident that occurred during a shoot for a Pepsi television advertisement in 1984.
In the "Fat" video, "Weird Al" Yankovic becomes a grossly overweight guy through the use of cosmetics and special effects.
In the "Fat" video, "Weird Al" Yankovic leads a group of overweight people on a parade.
The award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to "Weird Al" Yankovic as the performing artist.
The award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to Jay Levey as the video director.
The award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to Susan Zwerman as the video producer.