"New Year 's Eve" is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American comedy television series Up All Night.
The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 12, 2012.
The episode was written by Erica Rivinoja.
The episode was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller.
The episode featured a guest appearance from Jason Lee as Chris.
Jason Lee is Reagan's neighbor.
Jason Lee is Ava's brother.
During Reagan's first New Year's Eve game night, Reagan's competitiveness comes out.
Reagan's competitiveness causes Chris to become embarrassed.
Missy brings an unexpected date along to the party.
Kevin starts to feel as though Ava may be ashamed of him.
"New Year 's Eve" received mostly positive reviews from critics.
According to Nielsen Media Research, "New Year 's Eve" drew 4.28 million viewers.
"New Year 's Eve" received a 2.0 rating / 5% share in the 18-49 demographic.
"New Year 's Eve" marked a 5% rise in the ratings from the previous episode, "First Christmas."
"New Year 's Eve" ranked third in its timeslot.
"New Year 's Eve" was the second highest-rated NBC program of the night after The Office.
Reagan suggests that she and Chris throw a game night.
Chris does not react well to Reagan's suggestion to throw a game night.
Reagan and Chris invite Ava, Kevin, and Missy to the game night.
Chris attempts to hide the games due to Reagan's competitive nature.
Chris tries to make Reagan promise that she won't be too competitive.
Reagan does not keep her promise to Chris about being less competitive.
The party becomes awkward because of Reagan's competitiveness.
While playing Rock Band, Chris and Reagan get into a fight.
Chris loses the beat on the drums because he was looking at his "drumming arm."
Reagan decides to make a list of "Things We Are Going to Stop Doing That Embarrass Each Other in 2012."
The list features annoying habits that Reagan and Chris want each other to give up.
Before 2011 ends, Reagan and Chris erase everything from the list except for Chris's Borat impression.
Before 2011 ends, Reagan and Chris erase everything from the list except for Reagan's competitive nature.
Ava is asked to be the grand marshal of a New Year's Day parade.
Kevin feels like he can't live up to Ava's lifestyle.
Kevin starts thinking Ava may be ashamed of him.
Kevin is not invited to sit with Ava during the parade.
Kevin confronts Ava about his feelings.
Ava reveals that if she messes up their relationship, she does not want to be reminded of it while Googling her name.
Kevin assures Ava that their relationship won't end badly.
Reagan's competitiveness makes the party awkward.
"New Year 's Eve" was written by supervising producer Erica Rivinoja.
Erica Rivinoja has three writing credits for the series.
Beth McCarthy-Miller previously worked with Emily Spivey and Lorne Michaels on Saturday Night Live.
Beth McCarthy-Miller was a director for 11 years on Saturday Night Live.
The episode features a guest appearance from Jason Lee as Kevin.
Kevin is Ava's boyfriend.
Jason Lee first appeared in the eighth episode, "First Night Away."
Jason Lee is currently set to appear in a recurring role for the series.
Jason Lee previously worked with Spivey and Michaels after hosting an episode of Saturday Night Live on November 12, 2005.
This is the first time the series aired in the 9:30 pm timeslot for the first season after The Office.
The series previously aired in the 8:00 pm timeslot on Wednesday.
The series switched timeslots with another NBC comedy series, Whitney.
Some media critics have said that the goal for moving the series was to make it more of a ratings success.
"New Year 's Eve" originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 12, 2012.
The episode was viewed by an estimated 4.24 million viewers.
"New Year 's Eve" received a 2.0 rating / 5% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49.
"New Year 's Eve" was seen by 2.0% of all 18- to 49-year-olds.
"New Year 's Eve" was seen by 5% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast.
The episode finished third in its time slot along with The Office.
"New Year 's Eve" was beaten by Grey's Anatomy, which received a 3.8 rating / 9% share in the 18-49 demographic.
"New Year 's Eve" was beaten by the CBS drama Person of Interest, which received a 3.2 rating / 8% share in the 18-49 demographic.
"New Year 's Eve" managed to beat the Fox drama series The Finder.
"New Year 's Eve" managed to beat the CW drama series The Secret Circle.
The episode received a 3.0 rating in the 18-49 demographic when adding DVR viewers who viewed the episode within seven days of the original broadcast.
The episode added a 1.0 rating to the original viewership when including DVR viewers.
"New Year 's Eve" received several positive reviews from critics.
Steven Heisler praised "New Year 's Eve" for avoiding "sitcom-y territory" with the emotional ending.
Steven Heisler called the series a better choice to follow The Office than Whitney.
Margaret Eby complemented the believability of the main Reagan-Chris plot.
Margaret Eby criticized the Ava-Kevin subplot.
Margaret Eby compared the Ava-Kevin subplot to a storyline from Sex and The City.
Margaret Eby noted that the plotline did not stay true to the characters following their plotline in the previous episode, "First Christmas."
Margaret Eby ultimately rated "New Year 's Eve" with a B.
Adam Victavage called "New Year 's Eve" a perfect transition from the previous episodes.
Adam Victavage stated that "New Year 's Eve" allowed Ava to be "a loveable third wheel to a completely strong duo in Chris and Reagan."
Adam Victavage reacted positively to the scenes featuring Missy.
Adam Victavage compared Missy's scenes to "early Ava, but less obnoxious."
Adam Victavage ultimately gave "New Year 's Eve" an 8.7/10 rating.
Adam Victavage called "New Year 's Eve" "commendable."
Bradford Evans praised Jennifer Hall's performance.
Bradford Evans called Jennifer Hall the "unsung hero" of the series.
Bradford Evans reacted positively towards "New Year 's Eve" ability to unify the show.
Bradford Evans stated that "New Year 's Eve" kept all of the characters on the same turf.
Bradford Evans hoped that the series could make itself a vital part of the network's lineup.
Alan Sepinwall called "New Year 's Eve" "one of its strongest episodes to date."
Alan Sepinwall wrote that the addition of Jason Lee humanized Ava more.
Alan Sepinwall wrote that the addition of Jason Lee gave Ava a more natural reason to visit Reagan and Chris at home.
Alan Sepinwall wrote that "New Year 's Eve" worked on a "character level."