"Rosemary's Baby" is the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock.
"Rosemary's Baby" is the twenty-fifth episode overall of 30 Rock.
"Rosemary's Baby" was written by Jack Burditt.
"Rosemary's Baby" was directed by Michael Engler.
"Rosemary's Baby" first aired on October 25, 2007.
"Rosemary's Baby" first aired on the NBC network in the United States.
Guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Elijah Cook.
Guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Carrie Fisher.
Guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Marcella Roy.
Guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Paul Scheer.
Guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Megan Blake Stevenson.
Guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Jean Villepique.
Guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Stuart Zagnit.
The episode focuses on Liz Lemon's escapade with her idol, Rosemary Howard.
The episode focuses on Tracy Jordan's family problems.
The episode focuses on Jenna Maroney's attempt to replace Kenneth Parcell's burnt page jacket.
The episode was praised by critics.
Alec Baldwin won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series for his role in this episode.
Jack Donaghy announces that Liz Lemon is the winner of the "G.E. Followship Award."
The "G.E. Followship Award" is a prize awarded to the G.E. employee who best exemplifies a follower.
The "G.E. Followship Award" includes $10,000.
Liz Lemon takes Pete Hornberger to a book signing to meet Rosemary Howard.
Liz Lemon invites Rosemary Howard to be a guest writer on "The Girlie Show."
Rosemary Howard pitches several controversial ideas to Jack Donaghy.
Jack Donaghy orders Liz Lemon to fire Rosemary Howard.
Liz Lemon refuses to fire Rosemary Howard.
Jack Donaghy fires Liz Lemon and Rosemary Howard.
Liz Lemon goes to Rosemary Howard's house.
Liz Lemon realizes that Rosemary Howard is crazy.
Liz Lemon flees from Rosemary Howard's house.
Liz Lemon goes back to Jack Donaghy's office.
Liz Lemon begs Jack Donaghy for her job back.
Jack Donaghy rehired Liz Lemon.
Jack Donaghy promises to help Liz Lemon invest her prize money.
Liz Lemon swears that she will send Rosemary Howard $400 a month for the rest of her life.
Tracy Jordan causes a stir at a public event.
Jack Donaghy assures Tracy Jordan that as a movie star, he can do anything he wants.
Jack Donaghy tells Tracy Jordan that he cannot engage in dog fighting.
Jack Donaghy finds Tracy Jordan disobeying his order.
Tracy Jordan shouts that Jack Donaghy is not his dad.
Jack Donaghy and Tracy Jordan meet with an NBC shrink.
Jack Donaghy role-plays as Tracy Jordan's father.
Tracy Jordan role-plays as himself.
Tracy Jordan's mom is also role-played by Jack Donaghy.
Jack Donaghy conveys the message that Tracy Jordan's parents still loved him despite their divorce.
This message comforts Tracy Jordan.
Tracy Jordan affirms that he loves his family.
Tracy Jordan believes that his family is crazy.
Tracy Jordan believes that he needs to stay away from his family.
Tracy Jordan hugs Jack Donaghy.
Tracy Jordan tells Jack Donaghy that he is the only family he needs.
Jenna Maroney accidentally burns Kenneth Parcell's page jacket on a hot plate.
Kenneth Parcell worries that head page Donny Lawson will punish him.
Jenna Maroney finds Donny Lawson backstage at the studio.
Donny Lawson is ecstatic that he finally has a reason to send Kenneth Parcell to CNBC in New Jersey.
Donny Lawson offers Kenneth Parcell a choice: go to New Jersey or compete in a "page off."
A "page off" is a contest of physical stamina and NBC trivia.
Jenna Maroney agrees to the page off.
Pete Hornberger comes in before the event starts.
Pete Hornberger yells at the pages to get back to work.
Pete Hornberger forces Donny Lawson to give Kenneth Parcell a new jacket.
Donny Lawson swears to Jenna Maroney and Kenneth Parcell that he will get back at them.
"Rosemary's Baby" was mainly filmed on September 11, 2007.
Carrie Fisher's scenes were filmed the next day on September 12, 2007.
Star Wars is frequently referenced in 30 Rock.
Tracy Jordan is seen shouting that he is a Jedi in the pilot episode of 30 Rock.
Liz Lemon admits to being a huge fan of Star Wars.
Liz Lemon says that she had watched Star Wars many times with Pete Hornberger.
Liz Lemon dressed up as the Star Wars character Princess Leia during four recent Halloweens.
Tracy Jordan takes on the identity of the character Chewbacca in 30 Rock.
Tina Fey is a fan of Star Wars.
Tina Fey said that the weekly Star Wars joke or reference started happening organically.
The crew realized that they had a Star Wars reference in almost every show.
Tina Fey said that it became a thing where they tried to keep the Star Wars references going.
Tina Fey said that they could not include a Star Wars reference in every episode.
Tina Fey said that they still had a pretty high batting average for Star Wars references.
Tina Fey attributed most of the Star Wars references to Robert Carlock.
Tina Fey described Robert Carlock as the resident expert.
Prior to the airing of the episode, fans were raving about Carrie Fisher's guest appearance.
Carrie Fisher's last line in the episode was "Help me, Liz Lemon! You're my only hope!"
Carrie Fisher's last line in the episode was a spoof of the line "Help me Obi-Wan Kenobi, you're my only hope!"
Carrie Fisher played Princess Leia in the original Star Wars trilogy.
According to the Nielsen ratings system, "Rosemary's Baby" was viewed by an average of 6.5 million American viewers.
"Rosemary's Baby" first aired on November 25, 2007.
"Rosemary's Baby" achieved a 3.1/8 in the key 18-49 demographic.
The 3.1 rating refers to 3.1% of all 18- to 49-year-olds in the U.S.
The 8 share refers to 8% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast.
In the U.S., "Rosemary's Baby" was up by 19% in the rating demographic compared to the previous episode, "The Collection."
"Rosemary's Baby" received its highest result since the second season premiere episode, "SeinfeldVision," on October 4, 2007.
"Rosemary's Baby" was named as one of the "Top 11 TV Episodes of 2007" by UGO.
"Rosemary's Baby" ranked thirteenth on The Futon Critic's list of "the 50 Best Episodes of 2007."
Both UGO and The Futon Critic cited the Baldwin and Morgan therapy scene as the reason for their rankings.
Matt Webb Mitovich of TV Guide declared "Rosemary's Baby" as one of 30 Rock's best episodes ever.
Matt Webb Mitovich praised Carrie Fisher's guest appearance.
Matt Webb Mitovich felt that Baldwin's role-playing during Morgan's therapy session stole the show.
Bob Sassone of TV Squad felt that the plot of "Rosemary's Baby" was insane.
Bob Sassone of TV Squad felt that "Rosemary's Baby" still managed to have a heart at its core.
Bob Sassone called the therapy scene one of the funniest scenes on TV this season.
Robert Canning of IGN felt that "Rosemary's Baby" has great storylines and great guest stars.
Robert Canning of IGN felt that "Rosemary's Baby" is one of the best episodes the series has produced so far.
Robert Canning called the therapy scene the best moment of the episode.
Entertainment Weekly put "Rosemary's Baby" on its end-of-the-decade "best-of" list.
Entertainment Weekly said that "Rosemary's Baby" was so wrong and so good.
Michael Engler, the director of "Rosemary's Baby," was nominated for the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Comedy Series.
"Rosemary's Baby" earned Carrie Fisher a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series.
"Rosemary's Baby" earned Jack Burditt a nomination for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series.