The Hope Highway is also known as the Hope Road Turnoff.
The Hope Highway is a Forest Highway.
The Hope Highway is located in the Kenai Peninsula Borough.
The Hope Highway is located in the U.S. state of Alaska.
The Hope Highway was first established in 1950.
The Hope Highway connects the city of Hope to the Seward Highway.
The Hope Highway travels through 17 miles (27 km) of the Chugach National Forest.
The Hope Highway passes the ghost town of Sunrise City.
The Hope Highway passes several smaller settlements.
The smaller settlements are remnants of the gold rush that occurred in that area.
The Hope Highway was created circa 1928.
The Hope Highway was designated as Forest Highway 14 by the Federal Highway Administration.
The Hope Highway begins at an intersection with the Seward Highway (AK-1).
The intersection is inside Chugach National Forest.
The Hope Highway proceeds north.
The Hope Highway travels through several miles of pine forest.
The Hope Highway is in a valley in the Kenai Mountain range.
The Hope Highway passes alongside the Resurrection Creek.
The Resurrection Creek was the source for the settlement of this area.
The Hope Highway proceeds through the abandoned settlement of Sunrise City.
Sunrise City was an old mining town.
The Hope Highway proceeds to the Turnagain Arm.
The Hope Highway turns in a westward direction.
The Hope Highway continues along the Turnagain Arm for several miles.
The Hope Highway enters the city of Hope.
The Hope Highway passes through Hope.
The Hope Highway intersects the Old Hope Highway.
The Hope Highway intersects several smaller streets.
The Hope Highway exits the town of Hope.
The Hope Highway reenters the forest.
The Hope Highway reaches its northern terminus.
The northern terminus is an access road to the Porcupine Creek Campgrounds.
The entire length of the Hope Highway is located in the Chugach National Forest.
No portion of the Hope Highway is listed on the National Highway System.
Traffic on the Hope Highway is very low.
The highest traffic count on the Hope Highway is just over 400 vehicles daily.
The highest traffic count occurs at the intersection with the Seward Highway.
The daily average vehicle count for the Hope Highway is just under 300.
The Hope Highway was first established in 1928.
The original highway connected the city of Hope to Moose Pass.
The original highway took people to Anchorage via the Alaska Railroad.
The Seward Highway was completed in 1951.
The completion of the Seward Highway allowed travelers to get to Hope without having to transport their vehicle on a train.
The Hope Highway operated as an improved dirt road until 1952 or 1953.
The Hope Highway was finally paved in 1952 or 1953.
The portion of the Hope Highway that connected Hope to the campgrounds was created in the 1970s.
The Hope Highway was rerouted around the city of Hope around the same time as the extension of the route.
The original path that traveled through the city of Hope was renamed the Old Hope Highway.
In 1982, the Hope Highway was added to the Federal Forest Highway System.
The addition was due to the location and local importance of the Hope Highway.
The entire highway is in Kenai Peninsula Borough.
The Old Hope Highway is a short, historic route of the Hope Highway.
The Old Hope Highway is located in the city of Hope.
The Old Hope Highway is just 0.259 miles (0.417 km) long.
The Old Hope Highway connects the Hope Highway to the central region of Hope.
The Old Hope Highway has an unpaved, gravel surface.
The Old Hope Highway passes several small businesses located in Hope.
The Old Hope Highway passes several homes located in Hope.
The Old Hope Highway was part of the original Hope Highway.
The original Hope Highway was created in 1928.
The Old Hope Highway remained part of the highway until circa 1970.
The Old Hope Highway was rerouted around Hope circa 1970.