The Amps were an American alternative-indie rock group.
The Amps were formed by Kim Deal in 1995.
Kim Deal formed The Amps after her band the Breeders went on hiatus.
The Amps consisted of Kim Deal, Luis Lerma, Nate Farley, and Jim Macpherson.
Kelley Deal was briefly involved with The Amps.
Kelley Deal had to leave The Amps due to drug problems.
Kim Deal started calling herself Tammy Ampersand for fun.
The group was initially named Tammy and the Amps.
The Amps recorded the album Pacer in Ireland and the United States.
Pacer was released in October 1995.
The Amps toured the United States, Europe, and Australia.
The Amps toured with bands including the Foo Fighters, Sonic Youth, and Guided by Voices.
Critics commented on the loose and rough quality of The Amps' performances.
The Amps continued as a group until 1996.
Kim Deal changed the name of The Amps back to the Breeders in 1996.
By 2000, Jim Macpherson, Luis Lerma, and Nate Farley had left the Breeders.
Jim Macpherson, Luis Lerma, and Nate Farley were all involved in various projects with Robert Pollard.
Kim Deal's next album, the Breeders' Title TK, was released seven years after Pacer.
From 1986 to 1992, Kim Deal was a member of the Pixies.
From 1989 onwards, Kim Deal was a member of the Breeders.
The Breeders released their second album, Last Splash, in August 1993.
Last Splash went platinum in the USA.
Last Splash went gold in Canada.
Last Splash went silver in the UK.
The other members of the Breeders at that time were Kelley Deal, Josephine Wiggs, and Jim Macpherson.
By late 1994, the Breeders band members were exhausted after two years of straight touring and recording.
The Breeders decided to take some time off in late 1994.
Kelley Deal was arrested on drug charges in late 1994.
Kelley Deal spent time in and out of rehabilitation.
Josephine Wiggs became involved in musical projects in New York.
Kim Deal was eager to continue recording and performing.
Kim Deal initially envisioned her next album as a solo record.
Kim Deal planned to play all of the instrument parts on her solo record.
Kim Deal asked Kelley Deal to play on some demos to distract her from drug difficulties.
Kelley Deal was involved in the project when Kim Deal decided not to go solo.
Kim Deal formed a new group instead of going solo.
Kim Deal recruited Jim Macpherson to play drums.
Kim Deal recruited Luis Lerma to play bass.
Kim Deal recruited Nate Farley to play guitar.
Kelley Deal dropped out of the project for rehabilitation.
Kelley Deal moved to Saint Paul, Minnesota.
Kim Deal began calling herself Tammy Ampersand for fun.
The group was later named simply The Amps.
The Amps released one album, Pacer.
Pacer was recorded at several different studios.
The first session for Pacer was at Easley Studios in Memphis, Tennessee.
Davis McCain and Doug Easley engineered the first session at Easley Studios.
Kim Deal recorded new songs at Easley Studios.
One of the songs recorded at Easley Studios became Pacer's single, "Tipp City."
Kim Deal's recording opportunity at Easley Studios came about while producing a planned record by Guided by Voices.
Guided by Voices abandoned work on their album.
Kim Deal used the leftover studio time at Easley Studios for her own songs.
Recording for Pacer continued at six other locations in total.
The other locations included studios in Chicago, Los Angeles, Dublin, and Dayton, Ohio.
Engineers Steve Albini, John Agnello, Bryce Goggin, and others helped record one or more of the sessions for Pacer.
Pacer came out in October 1995.
The Amps toured throughout 1995 and 1996.
The Amps performed early shows in June 1995 in Dayton.
One early show in Dayton was with Poster Children.
Another early show in Dayton was with Guided by Voices.
The Amps toured with Guided by Voices and Chavez in the United Kingdom in September.
The Amps played shows in cities such as London, Glasgow, and Sheffield in September.
The Amps played another show with Guided by Voices in Ohio in October.
The Amps performed a series of US concerts in October and November with Sonic Youth.
The Amps played shows in Detroit and Chicago with Helium.
The Amps played shows in Seattle and Portland with Bikini Kill.
The Amps played a show in Los Angeles with Mike Watt.
Following the concerts with Sonic Youth, The Amps toured Europe.
In January 1996, The Amps played the Summersault festival in Australia.
In 1996, The Amps toured with the Foo Fighters in the United States.
The Amps performed in locations such as Chicago, Worcester, Massachusetts, and Austin, Texas.
The Amps played with That Dog in Chicago.
The Amps played with Jawbreaker in Austin, Texas.
In 1995 or 1996, The Amps played shows with the Tasties and Brainiac.
Reviewers described live concerts by The Amps as unpolished and relaxed.
Drema Crist of The Chronicle praised The Amps' show at an unidentified location as "fun-spirited and silly."
Greg Kot of The Chicago Tribune described one of The Amps' performances in Chicago as "off-kilter."
Greg Kot wrote that "Kim Deal's pungent vocals were swallowed up by the guitars."
Greg Kot wrote that "the foursome's slight melodies were lost amid all the bashing."
A review in The Chicago Reader noted that "The Amps play with a low-key, hangout sound."
Matt Ashare of The Phoenix felt that at The Amps' December 1995 show in Boston, "The Amps didn't click in a way that would suggest that this was Kim Deal's new, full-time band."
Matt Ashare added that it was "an unpretentiously gritty way for Kim Deal to let off some steam while the Breeders took a little break."
Boston Rock characterized The Amps' concert as "sloppy" but "charming."
Boston Rock noted that The Amps' sound was "hanging loosely off Kim Deal's gruff vocals and ebullient personality."
In 1996, Kim Deal changed the name of the group back to the Breeders.
The Breeders had almost the same line-up as The Amps in 1996.
Kim Deal had been waiting for Josephine Wiggs and Kelley Deal to rejoin the Breeders.
Kim Deal wanted to record a new album with Josephine Wiggs and Kelley Deal.
Kim Deal held back from reforming the Breeders out of respect for Josephine Wiggs and Kelley Deal.
In May 1996, Josephine Wiggs revealed that she would not be involved in any immediate Breeders activity.
Kelley Deal chose to stay in Saint Paul to be close to her rehabilitation facility.
Kim Deal decided that she did not want to wait any longer to reform the Breeders.
The Breeders' repertoire was larger than The Amps' repertoire.
The larger repertoire allowed for longer concerts.
Kim Deal added violinist Carrie Bradley to the Breeders.
Carrie Bradley had played on the Breeders' Pod album.
Kim Deal, Jim Macpherson, Luis Lerma, and Nate Farley played some shows in 1996 with Primus.
By 1998, Kelley Deal had rejoined the Breeders.
Jim Macpherson had left the Breeders by 1998.
By 2000, Luis Lerma and Nate Farley had also left the Breeders.
The Breeders, with a line-up including Kim Deal, Kelley Deal, Mando Lopez, and Jose Medeles, released the album Title TK in 2002.
The Breeders released the album Mountain Battles in 2008.
Jim Macpherson was a member of Guided by Voices from 1998 to 2001.
Jim Macpherson participated in other projects with Robert Pollard until 2005.
Luis Lerma and Nate Farley have been members of the Tasties.
Luis Lerma and Nate Farley participated in Pollard's Lexo and the Leapers side project group in 1999.
Nate Farley was a member of Guided by Voices from 1999 to 2004.
In 2013, the Last Splash-era Breeders line-up reunited to tour.
The Last Splash-era Breeders line-up included Kim Deal, Kelley Deal, Jim Macpherson, and Josephine Wiggs.
The reunion tour celebrated the 20th anniversary of the Last Splash album.