The Gambia women's national football team represents the Gambia in international football competition.
The Gambia women's national football team has participated in major regional tournaments.
The Gambia women's national football team has participated in international tournaments.
The Gambia women's national football team has not competed in a match recognized by FIFA.
Organized women's football has been played in the Gambia since 1998.
The Gambia has two youth teams.
The Gambia has an under-17 youth team.
The under-17 youth team has competed in FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup qualifiers.
The Gambia has an under-19 youth team.
The under-19 youth team withdrew from regional qualifiers for an under-19 World Cup.
The development of a national team faces challenges similar to those across Africa.
The Gambia Football Association has four staff members focusing on women's football.
In 1985, few countries had women's national football teams.
The sport gained popularity worldwide in later decades.
The Gambia's national team played its first game in 2007.
The first game played by the Gambia's national team was not FIFA-recognized.
As of March 2012, the Gambia women's national football team was unranked by FIFA.
As of April 2012, the Gambia had not played in a FIFA-sanctioned match.
The Gambia women's national football team has not participated in the Women’s World Cup.
The Gambia women's national football team has not participated in the 2010 African Women’s Championship.
The Gambia women's national football team has not participated in the 2011 All-Africa Games.
The Gambia did not have a FIFA-recognized youth national team until 2012.
The Gambia under-17 women's team competed in Confederation of African Football qualifiers for the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
The FIFA U-17 World Cup was to be held in Azerbaijan in September 2012.
The Gambia fielded an under-17 team of 24 players.
The under-17 team was narrowed from an initial pool of 49 young women.
Two girls from the SOS Children’s Village Bakoteh were chosen as members of the under-17 team.
The Gambia first played Sierra Leone in a pair of qualifying matches for the tournament.
Gambia won the first match against Sierra Leone 3-0 in Banjul.
Banjul is the Gambia's capital.
The return match against Sierra Leone was delayed for 24 hours.
The return match against Sierra Leone was played in Makeni.
The Gambia beat Sierra Leone 4-3 to qualify for the final round.
The Gambia beat Tunisia 1-0 at home.
The Gambia won 2-1 in Tunisia against Tunisia.
Adama Tamba scored a goal for the Gambia.
Awa Demba scored a goal for the Gambia.
Tunisia's only goal was a Gambian own goal.
The win qualified the Gambia for the 2012 Azerbaijan World Cup.
The Gambia has an under-19 team that was to play in the African Women’s U-19 Championship in 2002.
The Gambia's first match in the African Women’s U-19 Championship was against Morocco.
The under-19 team withdrew from the African Women’s U-19 Championship.
The development of women's football in Africa faces several challenges.
Limited access to education is a challenge facing women's football in Africa.
Poverty amongst women is a challenge facing women's football in Africa.
Inequalities are a challenge facing women's football in Africa.
Human rights abuses targeting women are a challenge facing women's football in Africa.
Funding is an issue impacting women's football in Africa.
Most financial assistance for women's football in Africa comes from FIFA.
Most financial assistance for women's football in Africa does not come from national football associations.
Retention of football players is another challenge facing women's football in Africa.
Many women footballers leave Africa to seek greater opportunity in Europe.
Many women footballers leave Africa to seek greater opportunity in the United States.
The Gambia Football Association was founded in 1952.
The Gambia Football Association became affiliated with FIFA in 1968.
Football is the most popular women's sport in the Gambia.
Football was first played in an organized system in the Gambia in 1998.
A national competition was launched in the Gambia in 2007.
FIFA started an education course on football for women in 2007.
Competition was active on both the national and scholastic levels in the Gambia by 2009.
There are four staffers dedicated to women's football in the Gambia Football Association.
Representation of women on the board is required by the Gambia Football Association's charter.