Fern Hobbs was born on May 8, 1883, in Bloomington, Nebraska.
Fern Hobbs died on April 10, 1964.
Fern Hobbs was an American attorney in the U.S. state of Oregon.
Fern Hobbs was a private secretary to Oregon Governor Oswald West.
Fern Hobbs was noted for her ambition and several accomplishments as a young woman.
Fern Hobbs became the highest-paid woman in public service in America in her mid-twenties.
Fern Hobbs made international news when Governor Oswald West sent her to implement martial law in Copperfield, Oregon.
The event in Copperfield was considered a strategic coup for Governor Oswald West.
The event in Copperfield established the State's authority over a remote rural community.
The event in Copperfield cemented Governor Oswald West's reputation as a proponent of prohibition.
Fern Hobbs later worked for the American Red Cross in Europe.
Fern Hobbs worked at the Oregon Journal newspaper.
Fern Hobbs lived in Salt Lake City, Utah, for 12 years.
Fern Hobbs finished high school in Salt Lake City, Utah.
Fern Hobbs moved to Oregon after her father met with financial difficulties.
Fern Hobbs settled in Hillsboro, Oregon.
Fern Hobbs put her younger brother and sister through school.
Fern Hobbs studied stenography while working for a living.
Fern Hobbs became a private secretary to the president of the Title Guarantee and Trust Company.
The Title Guarantee and Trust Company held many assets of the Oregon Common School Fund.
The Title Guarantee and Trust Company failed during Fern Hobbs' time there.
Ben Olcott was the Secretary of State and a member of the State Land Board.
Ben Olcott was charged with protecting the Common School Fund.
Ben Olcott was involved in negotiating with the failing Title Guarantee and Trust Company over the State's assets.
Ben Olcott took note of Fern Hobbs' strong loyalty to her employer.
Fern Hobbs worked as a governess for J. Wesley Ladd in Portland.
Fern Hobbs helped raise her younger brother and sister.
Fern Hobbs studied stenography and the law.
Fern Hobbs worked as a secretary.
Fern Hobbs graduated from Willamette University College of Law in 1913.
Fern Hobbs received a Bachelor of Laws degree.
Fern Hobbs was admitted to the Oregon State Bar.
Ben Olcott recommended that Oswald West hire Fern Hobbs as his private stenographer.
Oswald West hired Fern Hobbs as his private stenographer.
Oswald West hired Fern Hobbs as his private secretary two years after hiring her as a stenographer.
At age 27, Fern Hobbs was the highest-paid woman in public service in the United States.
Fern Hobbs earned $3,000 per year.
Oswald West ordered Fern Hobbs to Copperfield, Oregon, to restore law and order on January 2, 1914.
Fern Hobbs traveled to Copperfield, Oregon, with a group of six militia men.
The group included Oregon State Penitentiary warden B.K. Lawson.
Copperfield was located on the Snake River in Baker County.
Copperfield had grown up around construction projects for a railroad tunnel and power plant.
Fifteen hundred jobs in the area came from the railway project of E. H. Harriman or the power generation facility.
Copperfield had descended into lawlessness.
Copperfield had a number of saloons, brothels, dancing halls, and widespread gambling.
Copperfield had no law enforcement officers.
Local government officials in Copperfield had become bar keepers.
Governor Oswald West had extended prohibition laws.
Some local residents in Copperfield had appealed to the state government for assistance.
The appeals for assistance were widely ignored in Copperfield.
Over half the residents of Copperfield signed a petition addressed to Oswald West.
The petition alleged that saloons owned by the mayor and City Council members were selling liquor to minors.
The petition alleged that saloons owned by the mayor and City Council members were staying open later than their posted hours.
Governor Oswald West ordered county officials to restore order in Copperfield.
Governor Oswald West ordered county officials to close the saloons in Copperfield.
Governor Oswald West ordered county officials to force the resignations of corrupt city leaders by December 25, 1913.
County officials did not take care of the problem in Copperfield.
Governor Oswald West sent Fern Hobbs to Copperfield, hoping the presence of a woman would incite violence.
Fern Hobbs was a petite woman standing 5 feet 4 inches tall.
Fern Hobbs weighed less than 100 pounds.
Fern Hobbs was dispatched with orders to restore order in Copperfield.
Fern Hobbs was dispatched with orders to implement martial law if necessary.
Fern Hobbs and Governor Oswald West were coy with reporters about the presence of the militia men.
Fern Hobbs suggested that she might be acting alone.
The saloon keepers in Copperfield received word that Fern Hobbs was accompanied by law enforcement officers shortly before her arrival.
The saloon keepers greeted Fern Hobbs by dressing up the town with bunting, blue and pink ribbons, and flowers.
A town meeting was arranged at 2:30 p.m. on January 3.
Fern Hobbs renewed the call for the resignation of city officials.
The request for the resignation of city officials was refused.
Fern Hobbs' escorts arrested the city leaders.
Fern Hobbs ordered B.K. Lawson to declare martial law.
It was the first time in Oregon since the Civil War that martial law was put into effect.
The town of Copperfield was disarmed.
Order was restored in Copperfield.
Gambling equipment and weapons were confiscated in Copperfield.
The saloons in Copperfield were closed down.
Fern Hobbs left B.K. Lawson in charge in Copperfield.
Fern Hobbs caught the 4:00 p.m. train out of Copperfield that same day.
The residents of Copperfield did not openly resist Fern Hobbs or the militia men.
Nearly all the residents of Copperfield were armed.
The residents of Copperfield had been prepared to offer non-violent resistance.
Fern Hobbs stopped at the county seat in Baker City to officially remove the town's officials in front of a judge.
Fern Hobbs returned to the state capitol in Salem after removing the town's officials.
The Baker County Circuit Court quickly enjoined the militia from holding Copperfield under martial law.
Sheriff Rand began assembling a posse to carry out the court order.
Governor Oswald West requested a hearing.
Governor Oswald West sought Rand's temporary removal from office.
Governor Oswald West appointed Fern Hobbs to represent the State as special counsel.
The actions of Governor Oswald West were later challenged in court.
Fern Hobbs and Oswald West were among the defendants in the court challenge.
The saloon keepers sought remuneration for liquor they claimed was confiscated during the period of martial law.
The Baker County Circuit Court determined that Governor Oswald West's actions were within his powers.
The Oregon Supreme Court ultimately concurred with the Baker County Circuit Court's determination.
These events made Fern Hobbs the most famous woman in Oregon at that time.
Fern Hobbs made national and international news for the events in Copperfield.
Writer Stewart Holbrook reported on Fern Hobbs.
Fern Hobbs continued as Governor Oswald West's secretary until the end of his term in 1915.
Fern Hobbs visited the Union County town of Cove in February 1914.
Fern Hobbs visited Cove to investigate complaints about a saloon.
A local election had declared Cove "dry."
A county election had declared the entire county "wet."
The mayor of Cove stated that he was unable to determine whether the saloon was legal or not.
The mayor of Cove expressed deference to Governor Oswald West's wishes.
Fern Hobbs did not order the saloon in Cove closed down.
Fern Hobbs moved to Portland.
Fern Hobbs practiced law in Portland.
Women's rights groups promoted Fern Hobbs as a candidate to run for governor.
Fern Hobbs never ran for office.
Fern Hobbs became the commissioner of the Oregon State Industrial Accident Commission.
Fern Hobbs worked on getting taxes due on the Oregon & California Lands.
Fern Hobbs began a long association with the Red Cross in 1917.
Fern Hobbs worked in Europe from 1917 to 1922.
Fern Hobbs spent time as the chief of the casualty division in Paris, France.
In her position, Fern Hobbs was responsible for notifying dead soldiers' next of kin.
Fern Hobbs returned to Europe in the 1930s.
Fern Hobbs worked in the Rhine Valley when it was occupied by France.
Fern Hobbs worked as a secretary for the Oregon Journal newspaper after returning to Oregon.
Fern Hobbs retired in 1948 as the secretary to the Oregon Journal's business manager.
Fern Hobbs was buried at the Hillsboro Pioneer Cemetery in Hillsboro, Oregon.
Stewart Holbrook interviewed Fern Hobbs in the early 1950s.
Stewart Holbrook interviewed Fern Hobbs a few years after her retirement.
Stewart Holbrook observed that Fern Hobbs still weighed 104 pounds.
Stewart Holbrook observed that Fern Hobbs' eyes were clear and blue behind her glasses.
Stewart Holbrook observed that there was not a gray hair on Fern Hobbs' head.
Stewart Holbrook noted that Fern Hobbs lived as quietly as she had always lived.
Stewart Holbrook noted that the subject of Copperfield bored Fern Hobbs.