The Tiber Oil Field is a deepwater offshore oil field.
The Tiber Oil Field is located in the Keathley Canyon block 102 of the United States sector of the Gulf of Mexico.
The Tiber Oil Field was discovered in September 2009.
The Tiber Oil Field is operated by BP.
The Tiber Oil Field is described as a "giant" find.
The Tiber Oil Field is estimated to contain 4 to 6 billion barrels of oil in place.
A "huge" field is usually considered to contain 250 million barrels of oil.
BP states it is too early to be sure of the size of the Tiber Oil Field.
The Tiber Oil Field required the drilling of a 10,685 m deep well.
The well was drilled under 1,260 m of water.
The well is one of the deepest wells ever drilled at the time of discovery.
Tiber comprises multiple Lower Tertiary petroleum reservoirs.
Tiber is located about 250 mi southeast of Houston.
Tiber is located about 300 mi southwest of New Orleans.
Tiber is only the 18th Lower Tertiary well to date.
Drilling in Lower Tertiary formations is in its infancy.
The oil from Tiber is light crude.
Early estimates of recoverable reserves from Tiber are around 20 to 30% recovery.
The estimated figures of recoverable reserves from Tiber are around 600 to 900 million barrels.
Sources such as Bloomberg suggest caution regarding the Tiber Oil Field.
Bloomberg warns that the find is technically complex.
Bloomberg warns that it could take 5 to 6 years to produce oil from Tiber.
Bloomberg warns that the yield could be lower at 5 to 15%.
The lower yield is based on rates talked about at the nearby Kaskida Oil Field.
The Kaskida Oil Field is BP's previous giant find.
The Kaskida Oil Field is located 40 mi away from Tiber.
The commercial prospects of the Tiber Oil Field have not yet been evaluated.
BP acquired the Outer Continental Shelf lease of Keathley Canyon block 102 on October 22, 2003.
The lease reference is G25782.
The NOAA station number is 42872.
The lease acquisition occurred in Phase 2 of the Western Gulf of Mexico Sale 187.
Lower Tertiary rock formations date to between 23 and 66 million years ago.
The plan of exploration for Tiber was filed in June 2008.
Tiber was initially drilled by Transocean's fifth-generation dynamic positioned semi-submersible oil rig.
The name of the oil rig is Deepwater Horizon.
Exploratory drilling for Tiber commenced around March 2009.
The exploratory drilling for Tiber was slightly delayed from the planned date of September 2008.
Much of the deeper Gulf reserves are buried under salt accumulations.
The salt accumulations are thousands of feet thick.
The salt accumulations present a problem for seismic exploration.
BP had previously developed exploration techniques to bypass the difficulty presented by salt accumulations.
Oil was located at multiple levels in the Tiber Oil Field.
The Tiber Oil Field was announced on September 2, 2009.
BP shares rose 3.7 percent on the news of the Tiber Oil Field announcement.
Tiber joins at least ten other successful Lower Tertiary explorations in the area.
Analysts viewed the announcement of Tiber as a sign for pessimism.
Analysts viewed the announcement of Tiber as a harbinger of renewed interest in the offshore Gulf of Mexico.
Following the April 2010 destruction of the Deepwater Horizon, all appraisal activities at 33 wells under exploration in the Gulf of Mexico were placed on hold.
The Macondo well was being drilled when the Deepwater Horizon was destroyed.
The resulting oil spill caused all appraisal activities at the 33 wells to be placed on hold.
At least two rigs that might otherwise have been used for developing Tiber are in use on the relief wells for the ruptured well.