The National Football League has indefinitely suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick without pay.
NFL star Michael Vick is set to appear in court on Monday.
A judge will have the final say on a plea deal.
Michael Vick admitted to participating in a dogfighting ring as part of a plea agreement with federal prosecutors in Virginia.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell stated that Michael Vick's admitted conduct was illegal, cruel, and reprehensible.
Roger Goodell stated that Michael Vick's actions have hurt his team, the NFL, and NFL fans.
Roger Goodell will review the status of Michael Vick's suspension after the legal proceedings are over.
Michael Vick admitted that he and two co-conspirators killed dogs that did not fight well.
Falcons owner Arthur Blank stated that Michael Vick's admissions describe actions that are incomprehensible and unacceptable.
The suspension makes a strong statement that conduct which tarnishes the good reputation of the NFL will not be tolerated.
Roger Goodell stated that the Falcons could assert any claims or remedies to recover $22 million of Michael Vick's signing bonus from the 10-year, $130 million contract he signed in 2004.
Michael Vick will plead guilty to one count of "Conspiracy to Travel in Interstate Commerce in Aid of Unlawful Activities and to Sponsor a Dog in an Animal Fighting Venture" in a plea agreement filed at U.S. District Court in Richmond, Virginia.
The charge against Michael Vick is punishable by up to five years in prison.
The charge against Michael Vick carries a $250,000 fine.
The charge against Michael Vick includes full restitution, a special assessment, and three years of supervised release.
Federal prosecutors agreed to ask for the low end of the sentencing guidelines for Michael Vick.
The plea agreement stated that Michael Vick will plead guilty because he is in fact guilty of the charged offense.
Michael Vick admitted buying pit bulls and the property used for training and fighting the dogs.
Michael Vick did not bet on the fights or receive any of the money won.
Most of the 'Bad Newz Kennels' operations and gambling monies were provided by Michael Vick.
Gambling wins were generally split among co-conspirators Tony Taylor, Quanis Phillips, and sometimes Purnell Peace.
Michael Vick did not gamble by placing side bets on any of the fights.
Michael Vick did not receive any of the proceeds from the purses that were won by 'Bad Newz Kennels.'
Michael Vick agreed that collective efforts by him and two others caused the deaths of at least six dogs.
Around April, Michael Vick, Purnell Peace, and Quanis Phillips tested some dogs in fighting sessions at Michael Vick's property in Virginia.
Purnell Peace, Quanis Phillips, and Michael Vick agreed to the killing of approximately six to eight dogs that did not perform well in testing sessions at 1915 Moonlight Road.
All of the dogs killed by Purnell Peace, Quanis Phillips, and Michael Vick were killed by various methods, including hanging and drowning.
Michael Vick agrees and stipulates that these dogs all died as a result of the collective efforts of Purnell Peace, Quanis Phillips, and Michael Vick.
Purnell Peace, 35, of Virginia Beach, Virginia; Quanis Phillips, 28, of Atlanta, Georgia; and Tony Taylor, 34, of Hampton, Virginia, have accepted agreements to plead guilty in exchange for reduced sentences.
Michael Vick, 27, is scheduled to appear in court on Monday, where he is expected to plead guilty before a judge.
The judge in the case will have the final say over the plea agreement.
The federal case against Michael Vick focused on the interstate conspiracy.
Michael Vick's admission that he was involved in the killing of dogs could lead to local charges.
It sometimes happens that the state will follow a federal prosecution by charging its own crimes for exactly the same behavior.
If Michael Vick makes admissions in his federal guilty plea, the state of Virginia could charge him in their court.
In the plea deal, Michael Vick agreed to cooperate with investigators and provide all information he may have on any criminal activity.
Michael Vick agreed to testify if necessary.
Michael Vick agreed to turn over any documents he has.
Michael Vick agreed to submit to polygraph tests.
Michael Vick agreed to make restitution for the full amount of the costs associated with the dogs that are being held by the government.
Such costs may include all costs associated with the care of the dogs involved in that case.
Such costs may include the long-term care and/or the humane euthanasia of some or all of those animals.
Prosecutors, with the support of animal rights activists, have asked for permission to euthanize the dogs.
The dogs could serve as important evidence in the cases against Michael Vick and his admitted co-conspirators.
Judge Henry E. Hudson issued an order telling the U.S. Marshals Service to arrest and seize Michael Vick's property.
The U.S. Marshals Service was instructed to use discretion and whatever means appropriate to protect and maintain Michael Vick's property.
Both the judge's order and Michael Vick's filing refer to approximately 53 pit bull dogs.
After Michael Vick's indictment last month, Roger Goodell ordered Michael Vick not to report to the Falcons training camp.
The NFL is reviewing Michael Vick's case.
Arthur Blank stated that he could not speculate on Michael Vick's future as a Falcon until he had seen a statement of facts in the case.