Bob Dylan wrote "It Ain't Me, Babe" for Joan Baez.
Ludwig van Beethoven wrote "Für Elise."
Beethoven wrote "Für Elise" for some girl probably not named Elise.
Most historians believe that Beethoven didn't know an Elise.
The song "Für Elise" was originally titled "Bagatelle in A minor."
A Beethoven researcher claimed to have seen handwritten notation on a now-lost copy of the sheet music.
Some scholars speculate that "Für Elise" was actually written for Therese Malfatti.
Therese Malfatti was one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from Ludwig van Beethoven.
Elton John and Bernie Taupin wrote "Philadelphia Freedom."
Elton John wrote "Philadelphia Freedom" for Billie Jean King.
Billie Jean King gave Elton John a tracksuit.
The 1975 song "Philadelphia Freedom" is one of the most popular disco hits ever.
Thousands of Hustle enthusiasts wonder what Billie Jean King had to do with Philadelphia.
The song "Philadelphia Freedom" was a reference to Billie Jean King's pro tennis team, The Philadelphia Freedoms.
Prior to 1968, tennis players were all considered amateurs.
Amateur tennis players weren't eligible to receive prize money.
If a tennis player didn't have the wealth to support themselves, they couldn't play.
Billie Jean King fought against the constraints of amateur tennis.
Billie Jean King ultimately founded Professional World Team Tennis in 1974.
Billie Jean King turned tennis into a paid league sport.
Ray Davies of The Kinks wrote "Lola."
Ray Davies wrote "Lola" for a transvestite.
According to Rolling Stone, "Lola" was inspired by Candy Darling.
Candy Darling was a member of Andy Warhol's entourage.
Ray Davies briefly dated Candy Darling.
Candy Darling is also referred to in Lou Reed's "Walk on the Wild Side."
In the Kinks' official biography, Ray Davies tells a different story about "Lola."
Ray Davies says "Lola" was written after the band's manager spent a drunken night dancing with a woman.
The woman had a five o'clock shadow that was obvious to everyone but the band's manager.
Jim Keller and Alex Call wrote "867-5309/Jenny."
Jim Keller and Alex Call wrote "867-5309/Jenny" for an unknown woman.
The songwriters make up a different story about the inspiration for "867-5309/Jenny" every time they are asked.
The phone number 867-5309 is real.
The phone number 867-5309 has been causing problems since 1982.
The passage of time hasn't quelled the number of crank calls to 867-5309.
In 1999, Brown University freshman roommates Nina Clemente and Jahanaz Mirza found out about the phone number's problems.
Brown University adopted an 867 exchange number for its on-campus phone system.
Nina Clemente and Jahanaz Mirza's Room No. 5309 became a magnet for crank calls.
Other phone customers have fought back with creative solutions regarding the phone number 867-5309.
The holder of the phone number 212-867-5309 put his phone number up for auction on eBay in 2004.
Bids for the phone number 212-867-5309 approached $100,000 before eBay pulled the item.
Verizon requested that eBay pull the auction item for the phone number 212-867-5309.
Neil Sedaka wrote "Oh, Carol."
Neil Sedaka wrote "Oh, Carol" for Carole King.
Neil Sedaka and Carole King dated briefly in high school.
"Oh, Carol" was a top-10 pop song in 1959.
The real success of "Oh, Carol" came when it inspired Carole King to write a rebuttal entitled "Oh, Neil."
Carole King and her husband Gerry Goffin were fledgling songwriters in need of a hit tune.
"Oh, Neil" wasn't a hit tune.
Carole King and Gerry Goffin landed jobs at the Brill Building pop music factory.
Carole King and Gerry Goffin wrote chart-toppers like "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow."
Graham Nash wrote "Our House."
Graham Nash wrote "Our House" for Joni Mitchell.
In December 1968, Graham Nash and Joni Mitchell moved into a house in Laurel Canyon, Los Angeles.
Laurel Canyon was a commune-home away from commune-home for San Francisco society.
"Our House" was inspired by a lazy Sunday in the Nash/Mitchell household.
Graham Nash and Joni Mitchell went out to brunch.
Graham Nash and Joni Mitchell visited an antiques store.
Graham Nash and Joni Mitchell returned home to find the house chilly.
Graham Nash lit a fire in the house.
Joni Mitchell placed flowers in a vase that she bought that day.
The tableau in the Nash/Mitchell household seemed ridiculously domestic to Graham Nash.
Graham Nash spent the rest of the day writing about the tableau.