The disappearance of Stacy Peterson is being treated as a potential homicide.
Drew Peterson is a suspect in the disappearance of Stacy Peterson.
Stacy Peterson has been missing from her suburban Chicago home since October 28.
A judge signed an order to exhume the body of Drew Peterson's third wife.
Drew Peterson's third wife was found drowned in a bathtub in 2004.
Will County State Attorney James Glasgow stated that Drew Peterson last spoke to Stacy Peterson on the night of October 28.
Drew Peterson is 53 years old.
Stacy Peterson is 23 years old.
Drew Peterson and Stacy Peterson have been married for four years.
Drew Peterson and Stacy Peterson have two children.
The two children of Drew Peterson and Stacy Peterson have been interviewed for the investigation.
Drew Peterson has older children from a previous marriage.
Investigators have searched the couple's home and vehicles twice.
Investigators removed several items, including computers, from the couple's home and vehicles.
Drew Peterson allowed a limited search of the couple's home on the night Stacy Peterson was reported missing.
Investigators were not allowed to look throughout the entire house during the limited search.
Investigators were given access to only one of the vehicles during the limited search.
Illinois State Police Captain Carl Dobrich stated that Drew Peterson has gone from being a person of interest to being a suspect.
New information during the investigation raised questions about the death of Kathleen Savio.
Kathleen Savio's death was ruled an accident by a coroner's jury.
James Glasgow stated there are strong indications that Kathleen Savio's death was a homicide.
Tests need to be done on Kathleen Savio's body that were not done during the first autopsy.
Glasgow cited abrasions on Kathleen Savio's body.
Glasgow cited a gash on Kathleen Savio's head that could not be readily explained.
The main thrust of the investigation is to determine whether or not Kathleen Savio's death was a homicide.
Glasgow reviewed the case file before deciding to reopen the case of Kathleen Savio's death.
Glasgow has 29 years of experience.
Glasgow stated there was no doubt in his mind that Kathleen Savio's death was not an accident.
In 2002, Kathleen Savio was charged once with battery against Drew Peterson.
In 2002, Kathleen Savio was charged once with domestic battery against Drew Peterson.
Kathleen Savio was found not guilty at trial for the charges against her.
Kathleen Savio tried to bring domestic battery charges against Drew Peterson.
No charges were ever filed against Drew Peterson regarding Kathleen Savio's domestic battery allegations.
Sue Doman stated that Kathleen Savio expressed fear of Drew Peterson.
Kathleen Savio told Sue Doman that Drew Peterson was going to kill her.
Kathleen Savio said it was going to look like an accident.
Sue Doman does not believe Kathleen Savio could have died in the way the investigation concluded.
Sue Doman does not understand accidental drowning.
Sue Doman stated that one does not drown in a bathtub, especially a small whirlpool.
Friends and family of Stacy Peterson stated she expressed concerns about Drew Peterson.
Steve Cesare received an email from Stacy Peterson describing her relationship as abusive.
Candace Aikin stated that Stacy Peterson confided in her about problems in her marriage.
Stacy Peterson said she was afraid of Drew Peterson.
Stacy Peterson stated that Drew Peterson was following her around 24/7, even inside the house.
Candace Aikin stated that Drew Peterson was very obsessed and stalking Stacy Peterson, even inside the house.
Stacy Peterson was very full of stress.
Stacy Peterson was not happy in her marriage.