One of the larger fires in Southern California was deliberately started by someone with apparent knowledge of arson.
Firefighter Luke Perisin sets a backfire against the Santiago Fire in Live Oak Canyon, California.
The Santiago Fire in Orange County was started in two places along a little-traveled road.
Chief Chip Prather of the county's fire authority stated that the Santiago Fire was started in brush just off Santiago Canyon Road.
The Santiago Fire was not started close to homes.
The Santiago Fire has burned more than 25,000 acres.
The Santiago Fire spread rapidly.
The arsonist had some knowledge of winds and other factors.
The Santiago Fire is a confirmed arson.
Evidence was found at the scene of the Santiago Fire.
Chief Chip Prather would not describe the evidence found at the scene.
Officials originally thought the Santiago Fire had three points of origin instead of two.
The points of origin of the Santiago Fire are considered crime scenes.
Jim Amornino is a spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff's Department.
The reward for information leading to an arrest has increased to $250,000.
The governor's office contributed $50,000 to the reward.
The U.S. agency of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives contributed $50,000 to the reward.
The FBI contributed $50,000 to the reward.
KFI radio contributed $100,000 to the reward.
The state established a toll-free arson tip line at 800-540-7085.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger stated that anyone convicted of arson would be dealt with harshly.
County Sheriff Mike Corona stated that if a suspect is to be found, it is going to be by a clue from the public.
About 1,100 firefighters were working on controlling the Santiago Fire.
The Santiago Fire has destroyed at least 22 structures.
The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection stated that the Santiago Fire was only 30 percent contained Thursday morning.
The Santiago Fire was 50 percent contained the day before Thursday morning.
The motive of the Santiago Fire's arsonist was a mystery to Kris Concepcion.
Kris Concepcion stated that the individual knew on Sunday when the Santiago Fire started that there were heavy Santa Ana winds.
Kris Concepcion stated that there were low relative humidities when the Santiago Fire started.
Kris Concepcion stated that there were high temperatures when the Santiago Fire started.
Kris Concepcion stated that starting a fire where the fire would grow rapidly is reprehensible.
The Santiago Fire traveled about three to three and a half miles in about an hour.
The smaller Rosa Fire in Riverside County was 100 percent contained at 411 acres Thursday morning.
State officials said the Rosa Fire was probably arson.
Los Angeles Fire Department investigators are looking into whether Catalino Pineda may have had a role in any of the ongoing blazes.
Catalino Pineda was arrested on suspicion of arson in the San Fernando Valley.
Catalino Pineda was arrested Wednesday.
Witnesses told police they saw Catalino Pineda lighting a fire on a hillside in the West Hills area of San Fernando.
Witnesses told police they saw Catalino Pineda walking away from the fire.
Catalino Pineda was already on probation for making excessive false emergency reports to police at the time of his arrest.
Catalino Pineda's bail has been set at $75,000.
The fire Catalino Pineda allegedly set was brought under control.
Authorities want to find out if Catalino Pineda had any role in the other wildfires.
John Alfred Rund, 48, was arrested Tuesday evening.
John Alfred Rund was charged with setting a small fire along a rural roadside near Victorville.
John Alfred Rund was to be arraigned Thursday morning in Victorville.
John Alfred Rund was being held in lieu of $750,000 bail.
The county's district attorney's office filed arson charges against Anthony Riperti, 47, of Redlands.
The district attorney's office did not say when or where Anthony Riperti is accused of setting a fire.
Anthony Riperti is being held on $250,000 bail.
Anthony Riperti will be arraigned later Thursday.
The San Diego County Sheriff's Department arrested an adult and a juvenile accused of starting a fire in Vista.
An anonymous tipster accused the adult and juvenile of starting a fire in Vista.
The sheriff's department identified the adult as Gorgonio Nava.
The Vista Fire Department extinguished the blaze before it grew out of control.
Investigators have determined that the Grass Valley Fire in San Bernardino County was not caused by arson.
A preliminary investigation into the cause of the 10,152-acre Slide Fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor.
Cindy Beaver is a sheriff's spokeswoman.