Jared Hutchins experienced a negative impact from the Beatles' world view.
Jared Hutchins lives in Cumming, Georgia.
Jared Hutchins plays the piano.
Jared Hutchins plays the guitar.
Jared Hutchins plays the harmonica.
Jared Hutchins feels that the Beatles made him irritable.
Jared Hutchins feels that the Beatles made him angry.
Jared Hutchins believes that God owns his life.
Jared Hutchins enjoys a wide range of music.
Jared Hutchins enjoys music from Pink Floyd.
Jared Hutchins enjoys music from Arcade Fire.
Jared Hutchins enjoys music from Christian bands such as Hillsong United.
Jared Hutchins has to be careful about what music he listens to.
Jared Hutchins temporarily stopped listening to the Beatles.
Jared Hutchins is 16 years old.
Jared Hutchins is one of many teenagers who feel harmed by popular culture.
Popular culture has ubiquitous references to sex.
Popular culture has ubiquitous references to drugs.
Popular culture has ubiquitous references to violence.
Jared Hutchins and his Christian youth group attended an Acquire the Fire rally in Atlanta, Georgia last year.
Acquire the Fire rallies are held across the country.
BattleCry rallies are larger rallies held in only three cities this year.
Teen Mania is an evangelical Christian organization.
Teen Mania produces Acquire the Fire rallies.
Teen Mania produces BattleCry rallies.
The rallies seek to stage a reverse revolution against secular popular culture.
The rallies draw thousands of people.
The audiences at the rallies are nearly always predominantly teenagers and young adults.
From 2006 to 2007, a total of 127,830 people attended the 34 Acquire the Fire rallies.
71,414 people attended the three BattleCry events held in San Francisco, California.
71,414 people attended the three BattleCry events held in Detroit, Michigan.
71,414 people attended the three BattleCry events held in Bristow, Virginia.
Teen Mania estimates it has reached more than 2 million teens with its message of living completely for Christ.
Teen Mania has live stadium rallies.
Teen Mania produces BattleCry shirts and hats.
Teen Mania produces mobile screen savers.
Teen Mania produces books.
Teen Mania has a television program.
Teen Mania organizes international mission trips.
Jared Hutchins attended a Teen Mania international mission trip in Tijuana, Mexico this summer.
Teen Mania has a one-year internship program called the Honor Academy.
The Honor Academy is based in Lindale, Texas.
Ron Luce is the founder of Teen Mania.
Ron Luce is 46 years old.
Ron Luce has waged a modern-day crusade against purveyors of popular culture.
Ron Luce has condemned purveyors of popular culture as the enemy.
Teenagers are in crisis according to Ron Luce.
Ron Luce believes that kids are hurting.
Ron Luce refers to those who inflict moral wounds as terrorists.
Ron Luce refers to those who inflict moral wounds as virtue terrorists.
Ron Luce believes that virtue terrorists are destroying kids.
Ron Luce believes that teenagers are not mature enough to think about certain things.
Some people find Ron Luce's rhetoric off-putting.
Some people find Ron Luce's rhetoric hateful.
Some people find Ron Luce's rhetoric divisive.
Opponents point to Ron Luce's views on homosexuality as not being in God's plan.
Opponents point to Ron Luce's views on abortion as the ending of a precious life.
Opponents believe Ron Luce is imposing conservative values on vulnerable teenagers.
Critics confronted Ron Luce and his followers at BattleCry San Francisco in March.
Protesters rallied against BattleCry on the steps of City Hall.
Protesters used megaphones and poster board signs.
Christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration at BattleCry San Francisco.
Mindy Peterson is a member of Teen Mania's Honor Academy.
Mindy Peterson shouted a prayer during BattleCry San Francisco.
Mindy Peterson believes the protesters mischaracterized BattleCry.
Mindy Peterson believes the war is against the pain in teenagers' hearts.
Mindy Peterson believes that depression is tearing teenagers apart.
Mindy Peterson believes that alcoholism is tearing teenagers apart.
Jared Hutchins agrees that the generation is troubled.
Ron Luce wants to rescue the hearts of the generation.
Jared Hutchins does not attend the rallies for a political agenda.
Jared Hutchins believes that his friends do not attend the rallies for a political agenda.
Jared Hutchins states that mostly, what the generation is concerned with is Jesus.