Novak Djokovic crashed out of the Paris Masters.
Fabrice Santoro defeated Novak Djokovic in his opening match.
Fabrice Santoro won the match with a score of 6-3 6-2.
Fabrice Santoro is 34 years old.
Fabrice Santoro beat Andy Roddick at the Lyon Grand Prix last week.
Fabrice Santoro's victory against Novak Djokovic was a shock.
The match between Novak Djokovic and Fabrice Santoro was the first time the two players had met.
Novak Djokovic's last match was a loss to David Nalbandian in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters.
Novak Djokovic's last match occurred two weeks ago.
Novak Djokovic has qualified for the season-ending Masters Cup.
The Masters Cup will take place in Shanghai starting next month.
Novak Djokovic stated that he was struggling following dental surgery.
Novak Djokovic had two wisdom teeth removed.
Novak Djokovic claimed he could not give 100 percent in the match.
Novak Djokovic claimed he could not give even 30 percent of his possibilities in the match.
Novak Djokovic stated that Fabrice Santoro deserved to win.
Novak Djokovic is still on medications.
Novak Djokovic did not practice for a whole week before the match.
Novak Djokovic only started practicing two days before the match.
Novak Djokovic stated that he is not feeling physically good.
Andy Murray won his first match in Paris.
Andy Murray is a rising British star.
Andy Murray is seeking an unexpected place at the Masters Cup.
Andy Murray beat Jarkko Nieminen of Finland with a score of 7-6 (7-5) 6-3.
Andy Murray progressed into the third round of the Paris Masters.
Andy Murray has missed three months this season due to a wrist injury.
Andy Murray trails Tommy Haas by just three points.
Tommy Haas holds the eighth and final place for the Masters Cup.
Andy Murray has not beaten Novak Djokovic in three meetings.
Andy Murray has never played against Fabrice Santoro.
Ninth seed Tommy Haas will play Janko Tipsarevic in the second round.
Tommy Haas has struggled with illness and injury this year.
Andy Murray won his second title this year at the St Petersburg Open.
Andy Murray made a confident start against Jarkko Nieminen.
Andy Murray showed little sign of a stiff back after a minor car crash on Monday.
Andy Murray held his serve to love against Jarkko Nieminen.
Jarkko Nieminen was beaten in the final of the Swiss Indoors event by Roger Federer last weekend.
Andy Murray struggled for his best form as the first set went to a tiebreak.
Andy Murray was broken just one point after having a winner overturned.
Andy Murray leveled the match immediately after being broken.
Andy Murray broke Jarkko Nieminen again to win a third successive game.
Defending champion Nikolay Davydenko beat Juan Del Potro in his opening match.
Nikolay Davydenko won the match with a score of 7-6 (7-3) 6-1.
Nikolay Davydenko is the fourth seed.
Nikolay Davydenko is one of six players who have already qualified for Shanghai.
Nikolay Davydenko will next face Marcos Baghdatis in round three.
Marcos Baghdatis shocked 13th seed Ivan Ljubicic.
Ivo Karlovic broke Roger Federer's serve for the first time in his life.
Roger Federer is the top seed and world number one.
Roger Federer progressed in a late match on Wednesday.
Ivo Karlovic went down to Roger Federer with a score of 6-4 4-6 6-3.
Ivo Karlovic is the tallest man in tennis at 2.08 meters.
Roger Federer played at the Bercy event for the first time since 2003.
Roger Federer had gone 67 service games over four previous matches without a loss.
Ivo Karlovic ended Roger Federer's streak of service games without a loss.
Roger Federer broke Ivo Karlovic to start the final set.
Roger Federer rolled ahead against Ivo Karlovic.
Roger Federer had just beaten Ivo Karlovic days earlier in the Basel semifinals.
Rafael Nadal reached the third round after defeating Filippo Volandri.
Rafael Nadal won the match against Filippo Volandri with a score of 6-3 6-1.
Rafael Nadal will next play Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland.
Stanislas Wawrinka won his match against Juan Ignacio Chela with a score of 6-3 6-1.