Lewis Hamilton spun out of the Chinese Grand Prix.
Lewis Hamilton sent the world title race to a cliffhanger finale in Brazil on October 21.
Lewis Hamilton left his car after spinning into the gravel trap in Shanghai.
Lewis Hamilton can still clinch the crown with third place in the closing race.
Lewis Hamilton's 12-point lead was cut to four by Fernando Alonso in Shanghai.
Fernando Alonso finished second behind Kimi Raikkonen.
Kimi Raikkonen kept his title hopes alive by moving within seven points of Lewis Hamilton.
Lewis Hamilton started the race in pole position.
Lewis Hamilton led Kimi Raikkonen by more than eight seconds at one stage.
Lewis Hamilton showed superb skills in the wet conditions.
Lewis Hamilton stayed out on the drying track too long on wet tires.
Lewis Hamilton's wet tires deteriorated at an alarming rate.
Kimi Raikkonen took the lead from Lewis Hamilton.
Lewis Hamilton spun out onto the gravel with 25 laps to go.
Kimi Raikkonen and Fernando Alonso switched to dry tires on the 32nd lap of the 56 laps.
Kimi Raikkonen won the race by 9.8 seconds.
Kimi Raikkonen achieved his fifth victory of the season.
Kimi Raikkonen's five victories are one more than both Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso.
Felipe Massa finished third in the race.
Sebastien Vettel finished fourth in the race.
Sebastien Vettel was reprimanded for causing an accident in Japan.
Lewis Hamilton was cleared of any wrongdoing in Japan.
Jenson Button finished fifth in a Honda.
Vitantonio Liuzzi finished sixth in the race.
Nick Heidfeld finished seventh for BMW Sauber.
David Coulthard finished eighth for Red Bull.
Lewis Hamilton suffered his first retirement of the season.
Lewis Hamilton expressed confidence that he could bounce back.
Lewis Hamilton apologized to his team.
Lewis Hamilton stated he was gutted after his first mistake of the year.
Lewis Hamilton usually does not make mistakes when heading into the pits.
Lewis Hamilton stated that one cannot go through life without making mistakes.
Lewis Hamilton is over his mistake and looks forward to Brazil.
McLaren boss Ron Dennis refused to blame Lewis Hamilton for the spin-off.
Ron Dennis stated it is too extreme to say anyone made a mistake.
Ron Dennis said it has been a very competitive season between McLaren drivers.
Ron Dennis stated that the circuit was considerably drier than the pit lane entrance.
Ron Dennis mentioned that it was easy to say they could have stopped earlier.
Ron Dennis questioned if stopping earlier would have made a difference.
All top teams were trying to get through the rain and straight onto a dry tire.
Fernando Alonso qualified for the race in fourth.
Fernando Alonso is seeking to become the third driver to win three world titles.
Fernando Alonso stated that the result was good and the eight points are a help.
Fernando Alonso believes the championship will still be very difficult.
Fernando Alonso knows it will not be easy to take four points from Lewis Hamilton.
Fernando Alonso needs something dramatic to win the championship.
Fernando Alonso stated that with a normal race it will be impossible to win.
Kimi Raikkonen stated that they are back in the championship.
Kimi Raikkonen believes it will be interesting in the final race.
Kimi Raikkonen hopes the car is good for the final race.
Kimi Raikkonen stated that it will be a battle all weekend.
Kimi Raikkonen mentioned that it is not just up to them.
Kimi Raikkonen acknowledged that anything can happen in the championship.