World champions Italy clinched qualification for Euro 2008.
Italy won 2-1 against Scotland at Hampden Park.
Italy scored two goals in the first and last minutes of the match.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the finals were killed off by Italy's victory.
Luca Toni celebrated his early goal.
Luca Toni shot Italy in front.
Scotland recovered to dominate the match.
Barry Ferguson scored a 65th-minute equalizer for Scotland.
Christian Panucci headed an injury-time winner for Italy.
A controversial decision awarded Italy a free-kick.
France sealed qualification from Group B without playing a game.
Italy enjoyed the best possible start by taking the lead after 70 seconds.
Gianluca Zambrotta spotted Antonio Di Natale unmarked in the box.
Gianluca Zambrotta picked out Antonio Di Natale with a throw-in.
Scotland were caught napping.
Antonio Di Natale swept the ball into the path of Luca Toni.
Luca Toni delicately flicked the ball into the top left corner from six meters out.
Italy almost conceded a second goal 60 seconds later.
Luca Toni turned provider for Mauro Camoranesi.
Mauro Camoranesi fired over from close-range.
Luca Toni shrugged off two challenges.
Luca Toni drew a decent save from Craig Gordon.
Craig Gordon blocked a well-struck effort from Luca Toni at the near post.
Scotland were denied a penalty when a drive from Lee McCulloch appeared to be handled by Gianluca Zambrotta.
Penalty claims from Scotland were ignored.
Scotland cranked up the pressure on Italy.
Barry Ferguson fired over from a James McFadden corner.
Alan Hutton nodded wide of the upright following a delivery from James McFadden.
Scotland produced wonderful passing football.
A tight-angled drive from Barry Ferguson was smothered by Gianluigi Buffon.
Gianluigi Buffon denied a point-blank effort from Massimo Ambrosini.
Antonio Di Natale rifled the rebound into the back of the net.
The assistant referee raised his flag for offside.
Television replays suggested the assistant referee may have called it wrong.
Last-gasp defending from Italy prevented Scotland from equalizing on the stroke of half-time.
David Weir rose above everyone else to meet Barry Ferguson's corner.
David Weir's header appeared to be heading for the top corner.
Andrea Pirlo managed to nod the ball off the line.
A free-kick in a dangerous area provided Italy with a chance to start the second half.
Paul Hartley hauled down Mauro Camoranesi just outside the box.
Andrea Pirlo looped the ball over the wall.
Craig Gordon easily dealt with Andrea Pirlo's effort.
Scotland found the back of the net with 65 minutes gone.
James McFadden's free-kick deflected into the path of Lee McCulloch.
Lee McCulloch was denied by Gianluigi Buffon.
The rebound fell to Barry Ferguson.
Barry Ferguson rifled home from close-range.
Scott Brown was withdrawn for Kenny Miller with just over 15 minutes to go.
Kenny Miller began to cause problems for Italy.
Kenny Miller delivered a diagonal cross to James McFadden.
James McFadden fired wide when it looked easier to score.
Italy scored a last-minute goal to secure qualification for Euro 2008.
Hutton appeared to be barged over in front of the corner flag.
The referee awarded the free-kick the other way.
Christian Panucci rose to meet Andrea Pirlo's cross.
Christian Panucci nodded home the winner.
Italy coach Roberto Donadoni stated that it was going to be a physical match.
Roberto Donadoni said the players were fantastic through their character and desire.
Roberto Donadoni stated that the players worked hard and deserved qualification.
Roberto Donadoni described qualifying for Euro 2008 as amazing.
Roberto Donadoni referred to something positive after the death of the Lazio fan.
Captain Fabio Cannavaro stated that the victory was won with heart.
Fabio Cannavaro described it as difficult to play in the stadium.
Fabio Cannavaro compared the atmosphere to a cauldron.
Fabio Cannavaro stated that Italy played really well and managed to win.
Fabio Cannavaro claimed that Italy is a strong and compact team.
Fabio Cannavaro stated that Italy does everything to show they are world champions when needed.
Fabio Cannavaro mentioned that Italy plays a high level of football.
Fabio Cannavaro noted that Italy has won the Champions League and the World Cup.
Fabio Cannavaro expressed that Italy is currently being noticed for something else.