Youssif is a 5-year-old boy from Iraq.
Youssif was burned.
Youssif rounded the corner at Universal Studios.
Youssif met Spider-Man at Universal Studios.
Youssif has always been a huge fan of Spider-Man.
Meeting Spider-Man was Youssif's favorite thing.
Spider-Man was riding a four-wheeler amid a convoy of other superheroes.
Spider-Man dismounted and walked over to Youssif.
Spider-Man introduced himself to Youssif.
Spider-Man gave Youssif a gentle hug.
Spider-Man was wearing iconic blue and red tights.
Spider-Man showed Youssif how to shoot a web from his wrist.
No web was spun during the demonstration.
Spider-Man encouraged Youssif after he mimicked the wrist movement.
Other superheroes crowded around Youssif.
The Green Goblin told Youssif hi.
Youssif remained unfazed by the Green Goblin.
Youssif did not take a liking to the Green Goblin.
Spider-Man was too cool for Youssif.
Youssif said meeting Spider-Man was his favorite thing later.
Youssif wants to see Spider-Man again.
Youssif knows that the Spider-Man he met is not the real Spider-Man.
Youssif temporarily forgot his nightmares on that day.
Youssif met SpongeBob, Lassie, and a 3-year-old orangutan named Archie.
Archie grabbed Youssif's hand and held it.
Archie inched his hand back toward Youssif's hand after Youssif pulled away.
Youssif giggled inside a play area.
Sponge-like balls shot out of toy guns in the play area.
The artillery in the play area was different from what Youssif was used to seeing in central Baghdad.
Youssif squealed with delight.
Youssif raced around the room collecting as many balls as he could.
Youssif rode a tram through the back stages at Universal Studios.
The tram car shook at one point.
Fire and smoke filled the air during the pretend earthquake.
Debris cascaded down during the pretend earthquake.
A big rig skidded toward the tram during the pretend earthquake.
Youssif and his family survived the pretend earthquake unscathed.
Youssif's father said he was scared during the pretend earthquake.
Youssif said he was not scared during the pretend earthquake.
Youssif's father and mother grinned throughout the day.
Youssif pushed his 14-month-old sister, Ayaa, in a stroller.
Youssif's father expressed amazement about coming to Universal Studios.
Youssif's father said that other than his wedding day, this was the happiest day of his life.
Youssif's mother and father talked about their journey out of Iraq to the United States a day earlier.
Youssif's mother and father discussed the day nine months ago when masked men grabbed Youssif outside their family home.
Masked men doused Youssif in gas and set him on fire.
Youssif's mother heard Youssif screaming from inside their home.
Youssif's father sought help for Youssif across Baghdad.
No one listened to Youssif's father when he sought help.
Youssif's father remembers Youssif's two months of hospitalization.
Doctors did not use anesthetics during Youssif's hospitalization.
Youssif's father could hear Youssif's piercing screams from the other side of the hospital.
Youssif's father knew that speaking to CNN would put his family's lives in jeopardy.
Youssif's father believed that the possibility of being killed was better than seeing Youssif suffer.
Youssif's father said he would do anything for Youssif.
Youssif's family described a life of utter chaos in Baghdad.
Neighbors had recently given birth to a baby girl in Baghdad.
Youssif's father was kidnapped and killed shortly after the neighbors had a baby girl.
Some girls wearing tank tops and jeans were snatched off the street by gunmen.
Youssif's parents heard reports of a young girl being kidnapped and beheaded.
The girl's killers sewed a dog's head on her corpse and delivered it to her family's doorstep.
Youssif's mother, Zainab, said these are just some of the stories.
Youssif's parents said there was more security and stability under Saddam Hussein.
There was running water and electricity most of the time under Saddam Hussein.
Life was tough under Saddam Hussein.
Zainab's uncle disappeared after reading a "religious book." Zainab's uncle was never heard from again after he disappeared.
Youssif's father watched people come and go in the parking lot of a Target in suburban Los Angeles.
Some people held hands in the parking lot.
Some people smiled and laughed in the parking lot.
Youssif's father said "Iraq finished" in English.
Youssif's father elaborated in Arabic that his homeland won't be enjoying freedoms anytime soon.
Youssif's father said it is just not possible for Iraq to enjoy freedoms.
Youssif's father said there is too much violence in Iraq.
Youssif's father said there are too many killings in Iraq.
Youssif's two children have only seen war.
Youssif's family has seen a much different side of America this week.
Youssif's family has seen an outpouring of generosity in America.
Youssif's family has seen a peaceful nation at home in America.
Youssif's father said it has been a dream.
Youssif's father used to do a lot of volunteer work in Baghdad.
Youssif's father believed that is why he is being helped now.
Youssif's father looked out across the valley below at Universal Studios.
The sun glistened off treetops and buildings.
The sight was picturesque and fit for a Hollywood movie.
Youssif's father said "Good America, good America" in English.