Lazing in a hammock is one of the best ways to spend a summer evening.
The key to cutting off jeans is not to go too short too soon.
Mark the desired length on one leg of the jeans with chalk.
Take the jeans off, fold the leg at the mark, and iron the fold.
Cut just under the crease with fabric scissors.
Lay the short jean leg on top of the other side.
Cut to evenly match the other leg of the jeans.
Repeat the cutting process as needed to get the desired length.
Ninety-degree days are enjoyable.
Fireflies blink to attract a mate.
Males fly around while females sit in trees, in shrubs, or on the ground.
Find a female firefly and watch her blinking pattern.
Imitate the blinking pattern with a pen flashlight.
The males will come to the person imitating the pattern.
The bugs move slowly, making them easy to trap in a jar.
Punch some holes in the lid of the jar.
Add a little grass and a piece of fruit for moisture in the jar.
Admire the trapped fireflies until bedtime.
Let the trapped fireflies go after admiring them.
Running on the beach can get a person into great shape.
Benjamin Guss is a lifeguard from Del Mar, California.
Benjamin Guss recently qualified to compete in this year's Iron Man triathlon.
The Iron Man triathlon includes swimming 2.4 miles, biking 112 miles, and then running a marathon consecutively.
If a person chooses to run barefoot, they should keep their workouts brief at first.
Keeping workouts brief allows tender soles to build up calluses.
A person can get blisters from running barefoot on hot, soft sand.
A person can get burns from running barefoot on hot, soft sand.
Benjamin Guss likes to run barefoot.
Benjamin Guss wears shoes for runs longer than a couple of miles.
In soft sand, one mile is like two miles.
A person may work foot and leg muscles they do not always use when running on the beach.
A person should start running slowly on the beach.
Hard sand can be as tough on a person's legs as the road.
A person should wear running sneakers on hard sand.
Benjamin Guss's favorite time to run is in the evening.
The wind dies down in the evening.
The sand is not as hot in the evening.
To work harder while running, a person can fill small bags with sand to use as hand weights.
Everyone looks good lazing in a hammock.
Getting in and out of a hammock is tricky.
To make getting in and out of a hammock less tricky, position your backside toward the hammock's center.
Tilt back until reaching a 45-degree angle with the hammock parallel to your rear.
Gently sit back into the hammock and let it level out.
Swing your legs up and stretch them out while in the hammock.
Lie back in the hammock.
Sigh contentedly while in the hammock.
To exit the hammock gracefully, sit upright and swing your legs off.
Anchor your feet on the ground when exiting the hammock.
Push with your behind to gather momentum to stand when exiting the hammock.
Exiting a hammock is tricky since there is nothing to hold on to.
Exiting a hammock is good for the glutes.
Apply lace-up logic when tying espadrilles.
Slide your foot fully into the espadrille and plant it firmly on the floor.
Cross and tie the laces once behind the ankle of the espadrille.
Bring the laces forward after crossing and tying once.
Cross and tie the laces again and continue up the leg.
The calf is the maximum height for tying espadrilles.
Tying espadrilles higher than the calf will make a person look like a gladiator.
Secure the laces slightly tighter than is comfortable each time they are crossed and tied.
The laces will loosen a bit when a person walks in espadrilles.
A person should not cut off their circulation when tying espadrilles.
Make the final tie in the back of the espadrille for a streamlined leg.
Put the final tie in front with a small bow for a more whimsical look.
A person can email a friend to get a free trial issue of Real Simple.
Real Simple is a publication owned by Time Inc.
All rights are reserved by Time Inc.