A Sudanese court found Gillian Gibbons guilty of insulting religion.
Gillian Gibbons was sentenced to 15 days in prison.
Gillian Gibbons allowed a teddy bear to be named "Mohammed."
Gillian Gibbons faces deportation from Sudan after her prison term.
Gillian Gibbons planned to appeal the verdict.
Gillian Gibbons was not convicted of inciting hatred.
Gillian Gibbons was not convicted of showing contempt for religious beliefs.
Gillian Gibbons was arrested on Sunday.
Gillian Gibbons asked her class of 7-year-olds in Khartoum to name the stuffed animal.
Gillian Gibbons faced charges under Article 125 of Sudan's constitution.
Article 125 of Sudan's constitution relates to insulting religion and inciting hatred.
There is no ban in the Quran on images of Allah or the Prophet Mohammed.
Likenesses of Allah or the Prophet Mohammed are considered highly offensive by Muslims.
Gillian Gibbons arrived at the central courthouse in Khartoum for her closed hearing.
A staff member from the British Embassy in Khartoum attended the hearing with Gillian Gibbons.
Defense lawyers attended the hearing with Gillian Gibbons.
The courthouse was heavily guarded by police.
Police kept journalists away from the courthouse.
Police kept one of Gillian Gibbons' attorneys away from the courthouse for a while.
Gillian Gibbons could have faced a sentence of 40 lashes.
Gillian Gibbons could have faced a fine.
Gillian Gibbons could have faced a jail term of up to a year.
The British Foreign Office expressed dissatisfaction with the verdict.
David Miliband said the charges against Gillian Gibbons were not dismissed.
David Miliband stated that this is an innocent misunderstanding by a dedicated teacher.
The British Foreign Office's priority is to ensure Gillian Gibbons' welfare.
The British Foreign Office will continue to provide consular assistance to Gillian Gibbons.
David Miliband called in the Sudanese ambassador, Omer Siddig, to explain the decision.
David Miliband discussed next steps with Omer Siddig.
The British Foreign Office said Gillian Gibbons would be given credit for the four days since her arrest.
Gillian Gibbons has 11 days remaining on her sentence.
David Miliband met with Omer Siddig.
Omer Siddig was summoned to the British Foreign Office in London.
David Miliband explained to Omer Siddig that the British government was very concerned by the case.
David Miliband stated that this was an innocent misunderstanding.
Omer Siddig undertook to ensure British concerns were relayed to Khartoum at the highest level.
Omer Siddig said he would reflect back to Khartoum the real respect for the Islamic religion in the UK.
Around 25 police linked arms on the first floor of the courthouse.
Police forced journalists away from the court entrance.
Police forced British officials away from the court entrance.
Police detained some journalists.
Police confiscated a camera belonging to a freelance CNN cameraman.
Four vans filled with riot police were waiting outside the courthouse.
There were no signs of street disturbances outside the courthouse.
There were no signs of protests outside the courthouse.
Staff from Gillian Gibbons' school were present at the courthouse.
Robert Boulos is the head of Unity High School.
Robert Boulos was horrified when he found out that the complaint about the naming of the bear came from a member of his own staff.
The complaint about the naming of the bear did not come from a parent.
Defense counsel confirmed that the complaint came from Sarah Khawad.
Sarah Khawad is a secretary at Unity High School.
Gillian Gibbons has been working at Unity High School since August.
Gillian Gibbons left her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool, England, this summer.
Robert Boulos said Gillian Gibbons asked the children to pick their favorite name for the new class mascot.
Gillian Gibbons was using the teddy bear to aid lessons about animals and their habitats.