Football dignitaries gathered in Sheffield, northern England, on Wednesday.
The gathering was to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of Sheffield FC.
Sheffield FC is the sport's oldest club.
FIFA chief Sepp Blatter was among those in Sheffield.
Sepp Blatter was present to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of Sheffield FC.
Guests of honor at a service at Sheffield Cathedral included Sepp Blatter.
Guests of honor at a service at Sheffield Cathedral included Massimo Moratti.
Massimo Moratti is the president of Italian giants Inter Milan.
Inter Milan is scheduled to play a friendly against Sheffield FC next month.
Other guests attending a dinner in Sheffield FC's honor included Ramon Calderon.
Ramon Calderon is the president of Real Madrid.
Other guests attending a dinner in Sheffield FC's honor included Bobby Charlton.
Bobby Charlton is a legend of England and Manchester United.
Pele is widely recognized as the greatest footballer ever to play the game.
Pele is due in town next month to attend Sheffield FC's clash with Inter Milan.
Sepp Blatter was unveiling a bust of the club's co-founder William Prest.
William Prest was one of two cricket fans who founded Sheffield FC.
Sheffield FC was originally known simply as Sheffield Club.
Sheffield FC was founded on October 24, 1857.
William Prest and the other cricket fan decided they needed a new sport to keep them active during the winter.
Many more football clubs soon sprang up after Sheffield FC was founded.
By 1862, there were said to be 15 football clubs in and around the Sheffield area.
The Football Association was established in London the following year.
The Football Association codified the basic rules of the modern game.
Sheffield FC was instrumental in developing set rules for the game.
Sheffield FC studied existing rules and laid down a code of laws.
The code of laws formed the foundation of the first commonly-accepted set of rules for the sport.
Sheffield FC's innovations in the game included heading.
Heading was unheard of until 1875.
Sheffield FC traveled to London for a game in 1875.
The sight of the Sheffield players using their foreheads in addition to their feet reduced the London crowd to hysterics.
Other innovations attributed to Sheffield FC include the solid crossbar on the goal.
Other innovations attributed to Sheffield FC include corner kicks.
Other innovations attributed to Sheffield FC include free kicks for fouls.
Other innovations attributed to Sheffield FC include playing a match under floodlights.
Sheffield FC has never played at a professional level.
Sheffield FC currently competes in the Unibond League's First Division South.
The Unibond League's First Division South is seven divisions beneath the English Premier League.
The city of Sheffield has two professional clubs.
The two professional clubs in Sheffield are United and Wednesday.
United and Wednesday both currently play in English football's second tier.
The second tier of English football is the Coca-Cola Championship.
Sheffield FC's proudest achievement on the pitch came in 1904.
In 1904, Sheffield FC beat Ealing 3-1 to win the FA Amateur Cup.
Sheffield FC won the FA Amateur Cup in front of 6,000 people.
In 2004, Sepp Blatter presented Sheffield FC with FIFA's "Order of Merit."
FIFA's "Order of Merit" is an honor previously awarded only to Real Madrid.
Real Madrid is a nine-time European champion.