Dennis Schmitt found an island nearly two years ago near Greenland.
Fishermen pass by Greenland's Ilulissat fjord in September 2004.
The island was once thought to be a peninsula attached to Greenland by an ice shelf or a glacier.
A large amount of ice melted, revealing the distinct island.
Dennis Schmitt realized that the discovery was significant because it was an example of climate change.
Dennis Schmitt realized that climate change was really happening.
Dennis Schmitt calls his discovery Warming Island.
Many climatologists and scientists say arctic ice melt and other changes in the Earth's climate are the result of an increase in the world's temperature.
The trend of increasing temperature is widely called global warming.
Many global warming experts say the phenomenon, if unchecked, is capable of altering the world's climate and geography.
In the worst-case scenario, oceans could rise to overwhelming and catastrophic levels.
Oceans rising could flood cities and alter seashores.
A minority of scientists and observers say the warming trend is simply the latest shift in the cyclical patterns of a planet's life.
Most of the scientific community believes that some warming is occurring across the globe.
Most of the scientific community believes that some warming is occurring through some layers of the atmosphere.
The reasons for why warming is occurring are scientifically and politically contentious.
The Earth's temperature averages about 60 degrees Fahrenheit.
The Earth's temperature averages about 16 degrees Celsius.
The average surface temperature has warmed one degree Fahrenheit during the last century.
The average surface temperature has warmed 0.6 degrees Celsius during the last century.
Temperatures were relatively unchanged from 1880 to 1910.
Temperatures rose until about 1945.
Temperatures cooled until about 1975.
Temperatures have risen steadily to the present day.
There are several possible reasons for the warming.
A change in the Earth's orbit could trigger warming or cooling.
The intensity of the sun's radiation could change, triggering warming or cooling.
The most cited reason for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases.
Greenhouse gases are in the atmosphere naturally.
Greenhouse gases help keep the planet's temperature at a comfortable level.
The amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age.
The increase in carbon dioxide is according to the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
The presence of methane is now 151 percent above pre-industrial levels.
The rate of increase of methane has slowed in recent decades.
Nitrous oxide increased by about 18 percent during the past 200 years.
Many scientists and experts who have studied global warming believe the increase is primarily the result of human activities.
Human activities include the burning of fossil fuels.
Human activities include emissions from vehicles.
Human activities include the clearing of forests.
Stephen Schneider said there is no way anything natural can explain the warming trend for the last 30 years.
Stephen Schneider said a vast bulk of the knowledgeable and honest community will say the science is settled.
Stephen Schneider said humans are at least a majority of the reason behind the warming.
Many scientific organizations share Stephen Schneider's view.
The scientific organizations include the national academies of the countries that comprise the G8.
The scientific organizations include the National Research Council.
The scientific organizations include the American Meteorological Society.
The scientific organizations include the American Geophysical Union.
Richard Lindzen is a professor of atmospheric sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Richard Lindzen does not share Stephen Schneider's view.
Richard Lindzen believes the current warming trend is the result of natural variability.
Richard Lindzen believes the human contribution to the warming trend is minimal.
Richard Lindzen said the Earth is always getting colder and warmer.
Richard Lindzen said the Earth is always changing.
Richard Lindzen said this is true of any fluid-covered planet.
Richard Lindzen said the way glaciers change and move are phenomena largely unexplained.
Richard Lindzen said glaciers change even though the temperature is cooling at the place that they've occurred.
Richard Lindzen said people are cherry picking events and attributing them to global warming.
Stephen Schneider said the current situation is a cause for concern and alarm.
Stephen Schneider said nobody can explain the serious melt.
Stephen Schneider said the models do not predict the serious melt.
Stephen Schneider said we do not know what is going on with the glaciers.
Stephen Schneider said we could be triggering something really nasty.
The greatest point of contention is the possible implications for future political and economic policies for the world's nations.
The IPCC projected in February 2007 that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels, temperatures could rise between 3.6 to 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit by 2100.
The IPCC projected that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels, temperatures could rise between 2 to 4.5 degrees Celsius by 2100.
The lower end of the temperature range could cause more intense hurricanes.
The lower end of the temperature range could cause droughts.
The lower end of the temperature range could cause wildfires.
The lower end of the temperature range could cause flooding.
The higher end of the temperature range could lead to catastrophes commonly associated with the visions of Hollywood filmmakers.
Uncertainties plague such forecasts.
The forecasts are based on computer simulations and models.
The models contemplate factors associated with how the atmosphere, oceans, and continents interact.
The natural elements that the models contemplate have unpredictability intrinsic to them.
Schneider said exactly how much it is going to warm up is unknown.
Schneider said that it is going to warm up.
Schneider said he would bet anything on that.