Drivers were on the Minneapolis bridge when it collapsed.
The Minneapolis bridge completely gave way.
The Minneapolis bridge fell all the way down.
Gary Babineau experienced a 30- to 35-foot free fall.
There were cars in the water.
There were cars on fire.
The whole bridge was down.
Gary Babineau's back was injured.
Gary Babineau determined he could move around.
Gary Babineau realized there was a school bus right next to him.
Gary Babineau and a couple of other guys started lifting kids off the bridge.
The kids were yelling.
The kids were screaming.
The kids were bleeding.
There were some broken bones among the kids.
Dr. John Hink is an emergency room physician.
Dr. John Hink jumped into his car and rushed to the scene in 15 minutes.
Dr. John Hink arrived at the south side of the bridge.
Dr. John Hink stood on the riverbank.
Dr. John Hink saw dozens of people lying dazed on an expansive deck.
The people were in the middle of the Mississippi River.
The Mississippi River was churning fast.
Dr. John Hink had no way of getting to the people.
Dr. John Hink went to the north side of the bridge.
There was easier access to people on the north side of the bridge.
Ambulances were having a hard time driving down to the river.
Volunteers, EMTs, and other officials managed to get 55 people into ambulances in less than two hours.
A pickup truck with a medic inside occasionally drove to get an injured person.
The medic brought injured people back up to even ground.
The rescue effort was controlled and organized.
The bridge collapsed quickly.
Gary Babineau could see the whole bridge as it was going down.
The bridge gave a rumble real quick.
The bridge fell completely to the ground.
There was dust everywhere when the bridge fell.
Gary Babineau's pickup truck was dangling over the edge of a broken-off section of the bridge.
Several vehicles slid past Gary Babineau into the water.
Gary Babineau stayed in his car for one or two seconds.
Gary Babineau saw a couple of cars fall.
Gary Babineau stayed in his car until the cars quit falling for a second.
Gary Babineau got out of his car real quick.
Behind Gary Babineau's truck was just a hole.
Gary Babineau helped a woman off of the bridge.
Gary Babineau wanted off the bridge.
Gary Babineau ran over to the school bus.
Gary Babineau started grabbing kids and handing them down.
There was complete chaos on the bridge.
Most of the children were crying or screaming.
Gary Babineau and other rescuers set the children on the ground.
The children were told to run to the riverbank.
A few children needed to be carried because of their injuries.
Gary Babineau had no rescue training.
Gary Babineau knew what he had to do at the moment.
Melissa Hughes is 32 years old.
Melissa Hughes was driving home when the western edge of the bridge collapsed under her.
Melissa Hughes felt the free-fall feeling twice.
A pickup landed on top of Melissa Hughes's car.
Melissa Hughes was not hurt.
Melissa Hughes had no idea there was a vehicle on her car.
Melissa Hughes described the situation as surreal.
Gary Babineau thought he was dead on the way down.
Gary Babineau literally thought he was dead.
Gary Babineau's truck was completely face down.
Gary Babineau's truck was pointed toward the ground.
Gary Babineau's truck got ripped in half.
Gary Babineau's truck was folded in half.
Gary Babineau cannot believe he is alive.
Bernie Toivonen's vehicle was on a part of the bridge that ended up tilted at a 45-degree angle.
Bernie Toivonen knew the deck was going down.
Bernie Toivonen thought he was going to die.
After the bridge settled, Bernie Toivonen's car remained upright.
Bernie Toivonen put his car in park.
Bernie Toivonen turned the key off.
Bernie Toivonen said, "Oh, I'm alive."