The confirmation of Michael Mukasey as attorney general was all but assured on Friday.
Two key Democratic senators will vote in favor of Michael Mukasey.
The two key Democratic senators are Dianne Feinstein of California and Charles Schumer of New York.
Dianne Feinstein and Charles Schumer announced their support for Michael Mukasey just hours after the chairman of the Judiciary Committee announced his opposition to the nominee.
Dianne Feinstein and Charles Schumer are members of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
The Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to vote on the Mukasey nomination on Tuesday.
If all the Republican members of the committee vote for Michael Mukasey, his nomination will go before the full Senate.
The vote of the Republican members of the committee for Michael Mukasey is expected.
A leading Democrat said Michael Mukasey is likely to be confirmed if his nomination passes the Judiciary Committee.
Charles Schumer praised the nomination of Michael Mukasey as a consensus candidate.
The president announced Michael Mukasey as his choice to replace former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.
Alberto Gonzales gave up the post of attorney general in September.
Charles Schumer said that the decision regarding Michael Mukasey is extremely difficult.
Charles Schumer said that the current administration is political, out of touch with the realities of governing, and contemptuous of the rule of law.
Charles Schumer said that he is never left with an ideal choice.
Charles Schumer said that Judge Michael Mukasey is not his ideal choice.
Charles Schumer said that Judge Michael Mukasey is far better than anyone could expect from the current administration.
A number of Democratic senators will oppose Michael Mukasey.
The opposition from a number of Democratic senators is due to questions about Michael Mukasey's views on waterboarding.
The opposition from a number of Democratic senators is due to questions about the president's power to order electronic surveillance.
Waterboarding involves restraining a suspect and using water to produce the sensation of drowning.
Michael Mukasey told senators that he finds waterboarding repugnant.
Michael Mukasey could not answer whether waterboarding amounts to torture.
Serious questions have been raised about Judge Michael Mukasey's views on torture.
Serious questions have been raised about Judge Michael Mukasey's views on separation of powers.
Dianne Feinstein will support Michael Mukasey because the Justice Department needs fresh leadership.
Michael Mukasey is not Alberto Gonzales.
Michael Mukasey has forged an independent life path as a practitioner of the law.
Michael Mukasey is a federal judge in the Southern District of New York.
Dianne Feinstein believes that Judge Michael Mukasey is the best option available.
Voting down Michael Mukasey would perpetuate acting and recess appointments.
Voting down Michael Mukasey would allow the administration to avoid the transparency that confirmation hearings provide.
Voting down Michael Mukasey would diminish effective oversight by Congress.
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy announced he would vote against the Mukasey nomination.
Patrick Leahy said that no American should need a classified briefing to determine whether waterboarding is torture.
Waterboarding was used at least as long ago as the Spanish Inquisition.
The United States prosecuted Japanese war criminals for waterboarding after World War II.
Patrick Leahy is eager to restore strong leadership and independence to the Department of Justice.
Patrick Leahy likes Michael Mukasey.
Patrick Leahy wishes he could support Michael Mukasey's nomination.
Patrick Leahy cannot support Michael Mukasey's nomination.
America needs to be certain and confident that no one is above the law.
The president demanded the Senate confirm Michael Mukasey during a speech at the Heritage Foundation.
The Heritage Foundation is an influential conservative think tank.
The president said it is vital for him to have a full national security team in place during a time of war.
The president equated asking Michael Mukasey about his opinion of waterboarding with asking him about the CIA-run interrogation program.
The details of the CIA-run interrogation program are classified.
The president said the CIA-run interrogation program does not violate U.S. bans on torture.
The president added that Michael Mukasey does not want an uninformed opinion to be taken by professional interrogators in the field.
Patrick Leahy said Judge Michael Mukasey was not asked to evaluate any secret facts and circumstances.
Judge Michael Mukasey was asked whether waterboarding is illegal.
U.S. law makes torture illegal.
Waterboarding is torture.
Waterboarding is illegal.
Waterboarding is not dependent on any relevant facts and circumstances of the technique's past or proposed use.
Sources with knowledge of the CIA-run interrogation program said agents are no longer using waterboarding.
Sources with knowledge of the CIA-run interrogation program said waterboarding was used in the interrogation of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed.
Khalid Shaikh Mohammed is now facing trial before a military tribunal for planning al Qaeda's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington.
Waterboarding was used by the Spanish Inquisition.
Waterboarding was used by Cambodia's Khmer Rouge.
Waterboarding was used by the World War II Japanese military.
Waterboarding is specifically banned in U.S. law governing the treatment of prisoners by the U.S. military.