Officials are searching for the driver of a white truck seen on Santiago Canyon Road on Sunday.
The white truck was seen near the time the Santiago fire started.
Orange County authorities said the information on the white truck was provided on Friday.
Chief Chip Prather holds a photo of a white truck similar to the one seen on Santiago Canyon Road.
Orange County Fire Authority Chief Chip Prather stated that the individuals associated with the white truck are not suspects at this time.
Orange County Fire Authority Chief Chip Prather stated that the individuals associated with the white truck are persons of interest.
The persons of interest were seen near the fire in a vehicle like the white truck.
The vehicle is a white, 1998 to 2004 Ford F150 pickup with chrome tubular running boards.
The information about the white truck came from a lead called into the investigation's tip line.
A $250,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the Santiago fire.
The Santiago fire has burned 27,000 acres and is still burning.
Officials stated that the Santiago fire was deliberately set.
Several mandatory evacuations remain in place for the Santiago fire.
The Santiago fire has destroyed 14 homes and various other structures.
The blaze moved into Silverado Canyon on Friday afternoon.
Sheriff's deputies were evacuating residents in the fire's path.
Authorities suspect arson in the Rosa fire in San Diego County.
The Rosa fire burned more than 400 acres before being fully contained.
There was no information available on the investigation of the Rosa fire.
The Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office filed arson charges against a 41-year-old Sun Valley man on Friday.
The 41-year-old Sun Valley man is Catalino Pineda.
Witnesses said Catalino Pineda set a fire in the West Hills neighborhood and walked away.
Catalino Pineda is one of five people arrested in arson investigations this week.
None of the five people arrested has been linked to the major wildfires raging across Southern California.
Catalino Pineda was arrested on Wednesday.
Witnesses saw Catalino Pineda lighting a fire on a hillside.
The fire that Catalino Pineda lit was quickly extinguished.
The witnesses followed Catalino Pineda to a nearby restaurant.
The witnesses called police after following Catalino Pineda.
Police arrested Catalino Pineda.
Catalino Pineda was expected to be arraigned in Van Nuys Superior Court on Friday.
Deputy District Attorney Steven Frankland stated that Catalino Pineda is charged with one count of arson of a structure or forest.
Catalino Pineda is being held on $75,000 bail.
Catalino Pineda faces up to six years in prison if convicted.
John Rund, of Hesperia, was arrested on Wednesday on arson charges.
A witness reported seeing John Rund in brush near the starting point of a fire on Tuesday.
The fire that John Rund was near was quickly put out by passers-by.
Investigators are trying to determine if John Rund, 48, may have ties to other wildfires.
John Rund is being held on $750,000 bail.
The San Bernardino County District Attorney's Office filed arson charges against Anthony Riperti, 47, of Redlands on Thursday.
The statement from the San Bernardino County District Attorney's Office did not say when or where Anthony Riperti is accused of setting a fire.
Anthony Riperti is being held on $250,000 bail.
The sheriff's department arrested an adult and a juvenile this week.
The adult arrested is Gorgonio Nava.
Gorgonio Nava and the juvenile were allegedly seen by an anonymous tipster starting a fire in Vista.
The Vista Fire Department extinguished the blaze before it grew out of control.
Investigators have determined that the Grass Valley fire in San Bernardino County was not caused by arson.
A preliminary investigation into the cause of the 11,675-acre Slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor.
Sheriff's spokeswoman Cindy Beaver stated that more than 1,600 homes have been destroyed in the past week by Southern California wildfires.