The United Nations is calling on NATO to do more to stop the Afghan opium trade.
A new survey shows how the drug dominates Afghanistan's economy.
Afghan villagers tend to opium poppies in Taliban-controlled Helmand province in April 2007.
The export value of this year's poppy harvest stood at around $4 billion.
The export value of this year's poppy harvest is a 29 percent increase over 2006.
Afghan security forces' efforts to curb the trade have not stopped the trafficking of 660 tons of heroin and morphine out of the country in 2007.
Opium is derived from poppies.
The data on opium cultivation was collected by examining satellite images.
The data on opium cultivation was collected by assessments on the ground.
Opium has accounted for more than half of Afghanistan's gross domestic product in 2007.
InvestorWords.com defines gross domestic product as the total market value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given period of time.
About a quarter of the earnings from opium go to farmers.
The rest of the earnings from opium go to district officials who collect taxes on the crop.
The rest of the earnings from opium go to drug traffickers.
The rest of the earnings from opium go to insurgents and warlords who control the trade.
Antonio Maria Costa is the executive director of the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime.
Antonio Maria Costa urged NATO to take a more active role in countering the spread of the drug trade.
The drug trade has increased dramatically since the American-led invasion to remove the hard-line Islamist government of the Taliban in October 2001.
Drugs are funding the insurgency.
NATO has a self-interest in supporting Afghan forces in destroying drug labs, markets, and convoys.
Destroying the drug trade would cut off the Taliban's main funding source.
James Appathurai is a NATO spokesman.
Coalition forces are equally concerned by the rapid growth in the narcotics trade.
NATO shares the U.N.'s concerns.
Drugs poison people.
Drugs poison economies and governments.
It is in everyone's interest to stop the proliferation of drugs.
NATO forces are providing assistance to Afghan police through training and transport.
There are no plans to deploy coalition troops to intervene directly.
The issue of whether NATO can do more is a live discussion for NATO.
The matter of drug trade is currently for the Afghan government.
Farming of opium poppies has been almost eradicated in the north and west of Afghanistan.
In the lawless southern provinces, poppy production is going on largely unchecked.
The Taliban stronghold of Helmand has unchecked poppy production.
U.N. observers have noticed a proliferation of heroin labs in neighboring countries.
U.N. observers have noticed a proliferation of heroin labs along trafficking routes.
The heroin labs are dependent on precursor chemicals.
Precursor chemicals, like acetic anhydride, must be smuggled into the region.
Antonio Maria Costa called for tighter controls in chemical-producing countries.
Antonio Maria Costa called for stronger intelligence-sharing between Afghanistan and its neighbors.
Drug trafficking is a transnational threat.
National initiatives have their limitations in addressing drug trafficking.
The most effective way to curb the drug trade is tackling the insurgency head-on.
It is important to provide alternative work for poor Afghan farmers.
Providing alternative work for poor Afghan farmers encourages them to give up opium production.
Eradication cannot happen in isolation.
If support is not given to produce alternative crops, wiping out opium fields creates enemies for the future.