Three men have been arrested.
Three men have been charged with murder.
The murder charge is related to the shooting death of a University of Memphis football player.
The shooting death occurred last week.
Memphis police announced the arrests on Monday.
Police were investigating a car crash on September 30.
Taylor Bradford was found fatally wounded near the campus residence hall area.
Taylor Bradford was 21 years old.
Taylor Bradford had apparently gotten into his car after being shot.
Taylor Bradford drove a short distance before crashing into a tree.
Taylor Bradford was pronounced dead at Regional Medical Center.
Taylor Bradford was a 5-foot-11, 300-pound defensive lineman.
Taylor Bradford was from Nashville.
DeeShawn Tate is 21 years old.
Victor Trezevant is 21 years old.
Courtney Washington is 22 years old.
DeeShawn Tate has been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery.
Victor Trezevant has been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery.
Courtney Washington has been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery.
Homicide investigators developed the case against the three men with the help of a citizen's tip.
Homicide investigators developed the case against the three men with the help of Crimestoppers.
The investigation continues.
Memphis Police Department Director Larry Godwin expects additional arrests in this case.
The attempted robbery was aggravated robbery.
Taylor Bradford was targeted because of some information that was out there.
The suspects believed Taylor Bradford had some cash.
The suspects believed Taylor Bradford had something that they wanted.
None of the three arrested suspects were students at the University of Memphis.
Other suspects could be students at the University of Memphis.
Shelby County District Attorney General William L. Gibbons said the three suspects would make an initial court appearance as early as Tuesday.
Prosecutors were considering seeking the death penalty in the case.
No decision had been made regarding the death penalty.
William L. Gibbons stated that it would be premature to say whether the death penalty would be sought.
There are a lot of factors that go into the decision regarding the death penalty.
A determination will be made at the appropriate time.
Officials at the University of Memphis stated that Taylor Bradford was popular with the football team.
Officials at the University of Memphis stated that Taylor Bradford was popular on the campus as a whole.
Taylor Bradford was a marketing major.
Taylor Bradford lived on campus.
Taylor Bradford had transferred from Samford University in Birmingham, Alabama.
Taylor Bradford was 36 credit hours short of graduation.