The Tennessee Supreme Court refused to modify or overturn a lower court's ruling.
The lower court's ruling allowed Mary Winkler visitation rights with the couple's three daughters.
Mary Winkler was convicted of killing her minister husband.
Mary Winkler has three daughters.
Mary Winkler stands next to Matthew Winkler while holding baby Brianna.
Mary Alice Winkler and Patricia Winkler are the names of Mary Winkler's daughters.
Charles Winkler is the father of Matthew Winkler.
Diane Winkler is the mother of Matthew Winkler.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler asked the court to intervene.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler asked the court to revoke Mary Winkler's visitation rights.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler asked the court to allow visitation only under supervision of a counselor.
Patricia Winkler, Mary Alice Winkler, and Brianna Winkler have been living with Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler.
Mary Winkler has not seen her children in 15 months.
Kay Farese Turner is the attorney for Mary Winkler.
Kay Farese Turner said Mary Winkler was "absolutely elated about the news."
Kay Farese Turner believes the visit may come before Christmas.
A jury convicted Mary Winkler of voluntary manslaughter.
Mary Winkler was convicted for the shotgun death of Matthew Winkler.
Prosecutors wanted a first-degree murder conviction for Mary Winkler.
Mary Winkler said the slaying came after years of abuse.
Mary Winkler experienced physical violence.
Mary Winkler was forced to dress "slutty" for undesirable sex acts.
Mary Winkler received a three-year sentence.
A judge required Mary Winkler to serve only 210 days.
Mary Winkler received credit for the five months she had already served.
Mary Winkler was allowed to serve the remaining 60 days in a mental health facility.
Mary Winkler was released in August.
At the time of Matthew Winkler's death in March 2006, Patricia Winkler was 8 years old.
At the time of Matthew Winkler's death in March 2006, Mary Alice Winkler was 6 years old.
At the time of Matthew Winkler's death in March 2006, Brianna Winkler was 1 year old.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler have moved to terminate Mary Winkler's parental rights.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler have filed a $2 million wrongful death suit against Mary Winkler.
The termination issue has not been decided in court.
Kay Farese Turner said the court may want to determine what bond Mary Winkler has with her children.
Attempts by CNN to contact attorneys for Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler were not immediately successful.
In September, a lower court granted Mary Winkler visitation with her daughters.
The visitation was pending the outcome of the custody battle.
The court specified the visits be supervised by a guardian ad litem.
The guardian ad litem was appointed to represent the children's interests.
The visits were to be supervised by members of the couple Mary Winkler is living with.
The visits were to be supervised by Mary Winkler's sister.
A subsequent appeal by Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler was denied.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler appealed to the Supreme Court.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said if Mary Winkler got visitation, it should be under the supervision of a professional counselor.
At a September hearing, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children exhibit fear and confusion toward Mary Winkler.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children exhibit fear and confusion about Mary Winkler's role in their father's death.
One expert quoted Patricia Winkler as saying her mother had killed her father.
Patricia Winkler said, "I don't know if she will kill me."
Patricia Winkler wants to ask Mary Winkler if she would kill her.
Patricia Winkler said, "It scares me, kind of; if she did, well, I guess I would see my father."
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children experienced "urination accidents" after telephone calls with Mary Winkler.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children experienced sleeping problems after telephone calls with Mary Winkler.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children experienced graphic nightmares after telephone calls with Mary Winkler.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children experienced sleepwalking after telephone calls with Mary Winkler.
Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the lower court erred by failing to appoint the guardian ad litem until after the September hearing.
Kay Farese Turner believes terminating Mary Winkler's parental rights would not be in the children's best interest.
Kay Farese Turner said, "She has a faith rarely seen, and she loves those children."
After Matthew Winkler's death, Mary Winkler fled with her daughters to the Alabama coast.
Mary Winkler was arrested after fleeing to the Alabama coast.
Mary Winkler said during a September appearance on the "Oprah Winfrey Show" that she never expected to get away with killing her husband.
Mary Winkler fled to be with her daughters.
Mary Winkler fled to "have some good times."