The owner of a North Carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire is Chip Auman.
Chip Auman's family’s lives were changed forever by the tragedy.
Chip Auman's 18-year-old daughter survived the fire.
Chip Auman's daughter was hospitalized because of complications from smoke inhalation.
Chip Auman's daughter is in stable condition.
The thought of losing a child is unimaginable to Chip Auman.
Chip Auman's heart goes out to the families that lost a loved one in this situation.
Chip Auman said the situation was hard to fathom.
Chip Auman said there are no words to describe what his family has been going through.
Chip Auman asked for prayers for survivors and the families of those who died.
Chip Auman said his family is numb.
Chip Auman said his family is confused.
Chip Auman said his family is heartbroken.
Six University of South Carolina students died in the fire.
One Clemson University student died in the fire.
The fire occurred early Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach, North Carolina.
Six other South Carolina students were able to get out of the house in time.
The six other South Carolina students were treated and released from nearby Brunswick Community Hospital.
Chip Auman's daughter was hospitalized again in Hartsville, South Carolina.
Authorities from the state Bureau of Investigation are leading the investigation into the cause of the fire.
Authorities from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are leading the investigation into the cause of the fire.
Ocean Isle Beach Mayor Debbie Smith said the house was engulfed in flames when the fire department arrived on the scene.
The fire department arrived on the scene about five minutes after being notified.
The flames shot into the sky.
The fire ultimately left little more than portions of the framing.
Fire officials do not believe foul play was involved.
Dennis A. Pruitt is the vice president for student affairs for the University of South Carolina.
Investigators have said it would be Tuesday or Wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly.
It could be as much as a month until investigators know the cause of the fire.
The University of South Carolina did not cancel classes on Monday.
Arrangements had been made for students who need to go home or stay out of class at the 28,000-student campus.
Meetings had been held Sunday with members of Delta Delta Delta sorority.
Meetings had been held Sunday with members of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
The South Carolina students were affiliated with Delta Delta Delta sorority and Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
The weekend was not an official Greek function.
Counselors and ministers were available to help students deal with the loss of their classmates.
Dr. Andrew Sorenson is the university president.
Dr. Andrew Sorenson contacted the families of those who died in the fire.
Dr. Andrew Sorenson expressed the condolences and support of the university community to the families of those who died in the fire.
Jay Laura is the student president of the USC chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Jay Laura said the campus would pull together after the tragedy.
Jay Laura said if any place can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this, it is South Carolina.
Tripp Wylie is a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore.
Tripp Wylie jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames.
Tripp Wylie was unable to get back in to help his friends.
Tripp Wylie could see a buddy of his off to the left who had gotten out.
Tripp Wylie's buddy was yelling at him to jump.
The smoke was pouring out of the house.
Tripp Wylie could not really breathe.
Tripp Wylie had to make a quick decision.
Tripp Wylie leaned out the window and jumped into the canal.
Neighbors flocked to see the fire.
Firefighters battled the blaze.
Firefighters ultimately got the blaze under control.
George Smith lives across the street from the house.
George Smith heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m.
George Smith went outside to see the whole sky lit up.
The whole house was completely engulfed in flames, up to about 20 feet.
George Smith has never seen a fire move so fast.
George Smith said the house's occupants were partying in the house the day before the fire.
The house's occupants quieted down after about 10:30 p.m. Saturday.
Linda Sing was walking her dog when she saw the fiery destruction.
Firefighters saved an adjacent house by spraying it down with water.
Linda Sing hoped and prayed that there were people in the house who had gotten out.
Linda Sing said this is the worst thing she has ever seen.
Linda Sing said they have had hurricanes, but this is worse.
Ocean Isle Beach is a popular resort destination along North Carolina's southern coast.
The year-round population of Ocean Isle Beach is about 425.
The year-round population of Ocean Isle Beach swells to about 25,000 during the summer season.