An enraged crowd dragged the body of an Ethiopian soldier through the streets of Somalia's capital on Thursday.
Gun battles with Islamic insurgents killed 19 people.
Witnesses reported the crowd shouted "God is great" as they pulled the bruised, bullet-riddled corpse through a dusty Mogadishu neighborhood.
The body was bound hand and foot with wire.
The body was wrapped in a sheet of plastic.
Insurgents pulled the body out of a car.
Insurgents left the body with the crowd in the northern Mogadishu neighborhood of Suqa Holaha.
Nine Ethiopians are reportedly part of the 19 dead.
Another battle broke out on the city's south side on Thursday morning.
The battle was between Ethiopian troops and insurgents armed with heavy machine guns.
The battle was between Ethiopian troops and insurgents armed with rocket-propelled grenades.
The fighting drove hundreds more people from their homes.
Tens of thousands of people have fled in recent weeks according to aid agencies.
Rahma Nor Omar is an elderly woman in the capital.
Rahma Nor Omar said Ethiopians will launch violent attacks on the crowd.
Rahma Nor Omar said some of their comrades have been killed today.
Rahma Nor Omar said Ethiopians will be like wounded animals.
Witnesses put the death toll from the day's clashes at 19.
The death toll includes Ethiopian troops, insurgents, and civilians.
Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia in December 2006.
Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia to help a weak Somali government.
Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia to drive the Islamic Courts Union out of Mogadishu.
Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia to restore a U.N.-backed transitional government.
The transitional government has existed after a decade and a half of near-anarchy.
The Islamists responded by launching an insurgency against the Somali government.
The insurgency against Somali government and Ethiopian troops has lasted nearly a year.
The United States accused the Islamic Courts Union of harboring suspected al Qaeda figures.
The United States accused the Islamic Courts Union of harboring three men wanted in the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Tanzania and Kenya.
The United States raised no objections to Ethiopian presence in Somalia.
Washington has long been concerned that Somalia could turn into a safe haven for terrorists.
Islamic Courts Union leaders denied harboring al Qaeda suspects.