Everyone goes through a rebellious phase.
If a person is lucky, that person will be able to look back on those years and laugh.
If a person is less lucky, that person spent those years on a reality show.
Millions of strangers can look back on those years and laugh instead.
In modern times, cats frolic among the ruins of ancient Rome.
A person could be responsible for the fall of Western Civilization.
Justa Grata Honoria was a Roman princess.
Honoria's wild ways and naked ambition set off a chain reaction.
The chain reaction culminated in the destruction of the Roman Empire.
Honoria possessed all the attributes befitting a Roman emperor.
Honoria lacked a Y chromosome.
Honoria watched as her six-year-old brother, Valentinian III, was crowned emperor of the Western Roman Empire.
Honoria was set aside to await a suitable marriage.
Honoria was hardly content to lead a quiet and chaste life.
Honoria rebelled with aplomb.
Honoria slept her way through the royal court while still in her teens.
Honoria's after-hours habits caused quite the scandal.
Honoria's after-hours habits failed to satiate her need for attention and power.
Honoria set her eyes on the throne.
Honoria seduced her brother's royal chamberlain, Eugenius.
Honoria and Eugenius plotted to murder Valentinian and seize power.
Eugenius was executed.
Honoria was sent to a convent in Constantinople.
Life as a nun was a fate worse than death for Honoria.
Even life as a nun couldn't quell Honoria's ambition.
Honoria spent her years at the nunnery plotting escape attempts.
Honoria turned to sources outside the empire out of sheer desperation.
Honoria needed a savior powerful enough to defy Valentinian.
Honoria's savior would have to risk open war with Rome.
Attila was the king of the Huns.
Attila fit the description of Honoria's savior.
Honoria got Attila's attention with a mutually beneficial proposal.
If Attila would rescue Honoria, she would marry him.
If Attila married Honoria, he would get half of the Western Empire as her dowry.
Honoria was in no position to rightfully offer any portion of the Roman Empire.
Honoria was betting that after marrying her, Attila would conquer the whole Empire.
Honoria believed she would become queen after Attila conquered the whole Empire.
Attila had secretly been planning a move against Rome for years.
Honoria's letter gave Attila the perfect opportunity to strike.
Attila told Valentinian that he planned to marry Honoria.
Attila demanded the dowry he had been promised from Valentinian.
Valentinian refused Attila's demand.
Attila used his status as a "wronged husband" to invade Roman territory in 451 C.E.
The Hun armies quickly swept through the Empire.
The Hun armies destroyed everything in their path.
The Hun armies eventually arrived in Rome.
Rome would have been annihilated were it not for the famine and disease that devastated the Huns during the invasion.
Rome survived Attila's assault with the help of the Visigoths.
The Western Empire never recovered.
Within a generation, the armies of the Goths, Franks, and Huns had overrun the area.
Honoria became neither Roman empress nor a Hun queen.
Attila never rescued Honoria.
Honoria was eventually sent back to Rome.
Honoria was left to her brother's justice.
Valentinian did not want to cause a scandal by having Honoria executed.
Valentinian was unwilling to send Honoria back into exile.
Valentinian settled on a suitable third option for Honoria.
Honoria was married off to an elderly Roman senator.
The rest of Honoria's life went unrecorded by history.