Allegations that Blackwater USA was "in any way associated or complicit in unlawful arms activities are baseless."
Blackwater USA asserted that the allegations are baseless.
Blackwater employees patrol Baghdad by air in a February 2005 photograph.
Federal prosecutors are investigating allegations that employees of Blackwater illegally purchased weapons.
Federal prosecutors are investigating allegations that employees of Blackwater sold weapons in Iraq.
A U.S. government official has said the U.S. attorney's office in Raleigh, North Carolina, is in the early stages of an investigation.
The investigation focuses on individual company employees.
The investigation does not focus on the firm Blackwater.
Blackwater is based in Moyock, North Carolina.
Blackwater is a security firm hired by the State Department.
Blackwater is hired to guard U.S. staff in Iraq.
Blackwater has no knowledge of any employee improperly exporting weapons.
Blackwater uncovered internally that two employees were stealing from the company.
Blackwater immediately fired the two employees.
Blackwater invited the ATF to conduct a thorough investigation.
The first public hint that an investigation was under way came in a statement from State Department Inspector General Howard Krongard.
Howard Krongard was accused of blocking fraud investigations in Afghanistan and Iraq.
Howard Krongard said the State Department has been cooperating with the prosecutors in the Blackwater probe.
Howard Krongard made one of his best investigators available to help assistant U.S. attorneys in North Carolina.
The investigation by assistant U.S. attorneys in North Carolina focuses on alleged smuggling of weapons into Iraq by a contractor.
Blackwater resumed normal security operations in Iraq on Friday.
The State Department said Blackwater resumed normal security operations in Iraq on Friday.
Blackwater's normal security operations resumed after a brief hiatus.
The brief hiatus followed the lethal incident last Sunday.
The Iraqi government was outraged by the shootings.
The Iraqi government disputes the U.S. claim that the guards were responding to an attack.
The Iraqi government disputes Blackwater's claim that the guards were responding to an attack.