Raymond Domenech has omitted striker David Trezeguet from his squad for the friendly against Morocco.
Raymond Domenech has omitted striker David Trezeguet from his squad for the Euro 2008 qualifier against Ukraine.
David Trezeguet has scored 10 goals in 11 Serie A matches for Juventus this season.
David Trezeguet has scored two hat-tricks for Juventus this season.
David Trezeguet has failed to win his way back into the 24-man party for France.
David Trezeguet last played for France in the 1-0 home defeat by Scotland in September.
David Trezeguet was furious after being dropped for the games against Lithuania and the Faroe Islands.
David Trezeguet played no part as Raymond Domenech's team overtook Scotland at the top of Group B.
Raymond Domenech said that David Trezeguet is having a great start to the season with Juventus.
Raymond Domenech stated that David Trezeguet is in competition for a place in the squad.
Raymond Domenech hopes that David Trezeguet will help Juventus win the Italian league title.
Raymond Domenech hopes that David Trezeguet will be at Euro 2008 with France.
Raymond Domenech hopes that David Trezeguet will find his form again for France.
Raymond Domenech has included young Lyon forward Hatem Ben Arfa in the squad.
Hatem Ben Arfa made his debut as a substitute against the Faroe Islands.
Hatem Ben Arfa scored the final goal in a 6-0 victory against the Faroe Islands.
Karim Benzema is included in the squad alongside Hatem Ben Arfa.
Nicholas Anelka is included in the squad despite still recovering from an injury.
Patrick Vieira is ruled out due to injury.
Patrick Vieira will join up with the squad despite being ruled out due to injury.
Raymond Domenech stated that a player of Patrick Vieira's dimension is going to be missed.
Raymond Domenech stated that the team has to accept Patrick Vieira's absence and get on with it.
Raymond Domenech stated that Patrick Vieira should be coming to see the team because he is a leader.
Raymond Domenech stated that Patrick Vieira is the captain of the team.
France will face Morocco on November 16.
France will travel to Ukraine on November 21.
France will qualify for the finals if Italy beats Scotland at Hampden on November 17.
If the Glasgow game ends in a draw, France will need at least a point in Kiev to qualify for the finals.
The France squad includes goalkeepers M Landreau, S Frey, and U Rame.
The France squad includes defenders E Abidal, P Evra, W Gallas, B Sagna, L Thuram, S Squillaci, and F Clerc.
The France squad includes midfielders A Diarra, L Diarra, M Flamini, C Makelele, J Rothen, J Toulalan, and S Nasri.
The France squad includes strikers N Anelka, H Ben Arfa, K Benzema, S Govou, T Henry, F Malouda, and F Ribery.