There is no remaining hope of finding six men trapped for almost a month in a Utah coal mine alive.
A federal official said this on Saturday.
Isaac Arellano holds a candle during a fundraiser for miners on Tuesday in Price, Utah.
Isaac Arellano sings during a fundraiser for miners on Tuesday in Price, Utah.
The Mine Safety and Health Administration has exhausted all known options in the attempt to reach the six miners over the past 25 days.
Richard Stickler is the head of the Mine Safety and Health Administration.
The thoughts and prayers of the dedicated professionals at the Mine Safety and Health Administration are with the families.
Sympathy for the failed efforts came from the White House on Saturday.
A difficult decision was made to end the search last night.
President George W. Bush said this in a statement.
Laura Bush and George W. Bush are deeply saddened by this tragedy.
Laura Bush and George W. Bush continue to pray for the families of these men.
Labor Secretary Elaine Chao called the ordeal heartbreaking.
The grueling around-the-clock rescue operation claimed three lives.
The grueling around-the-clock rescue operation injured six others.
The grueling around-the-clock rescue operation took a tremendous toll on the many brave rescuers and the local community.
Elaine Chao's thoughts and prayers are with the brave rescuers and the local community.
After drilling seven holes into mine tunnels from the mountaintop above, there has been no sign of the miners.
Microphones have picked up no sound from the six men.
Tests showed underground oxygen levels were too low to sustain human life.
Richard Stickler said that the families were told that at this point in time they have run out of options.
Richard Stickler said that he has consulted with the people that he has there.
Richard Stickler said that he has consulted with technical support in Pittsburgh.
Richard Stickler said that he has consulted with private consultants in terms of where they can go.
Richard Stickler said that through all the information they have gleaned over the past nearly four weeks, they just don't know where else they can put a hole to get any other information.
Bob Murray is the president and CEO of Murray Mining.
Bob Murray is the co-owner of the Crandall Canyon Mine.
Bob Murray was the outspoken face of the rescue operation for the first three weeks.
Bob Murray largely disappeared from public view after the first three weeks.
Federal officials became the spokesmen after Bob Murray disappeared from public view.
No one from Murray Mining was present at Friday's news conference.
The attorney for the families said that they are done and it is finished.
The attorney for the families said this according to the Saturday edition of The Salt Lake Tribune.
The attorney for the families said that it is a hard and bitter pill for the families.
The attorney for the families said that there were quite a few tears shed.
The six men were trapped during a collapse on August 6.
It is not known whether the six men survived the cave-in.
Efforts to reach the six men were suspended 10 days later.
Two rescuers were killed when efforts to reach the six men were suspended.
A federal mining official was killed when efforts to reach the six men were suspended.
Six people were injured in a second collapse as they tried to tunnel horizontally toward the area where the six men had been working.
Bob Murray said last week that the search effort would stop if no signs of life were found at the sixth hole.
Under pressure from the families, Bob Murray agreed to try one more time.
Families wanted officials to drill a hole large enough to send down a rescue capsule.
The effort to lower the robotic device down a seventh hole had been called a long shot by an official.
MSHA's Richard Stickler said that the seventh hole was drilled into the Crandall Canyon Mine on Thursday.
There were problems with a robotic camera that teams were trying to lower into the seventh hole.
Work resumed on Friday at the fourth hole.
The robotic camera could only descend about 7 feet.
The robotic camera saw really not that much.
There was quite a bit of mud in the fourth hole.
Water was coming down the fourth hole.
The robotic camera could not go any farther than seven feet.
The roof was sagging in the fourth hole.
The families asked many questions.
The officials answered the families' questions the best they could.
The conclusion reached was that they had run out of options.
Bob Murray said last Saturday that he has already filed paperwork with federal regulators to permanently close and seal the Crandall Canyon Mine.
Bob Murray said that he will never come back to that evil mountain.
Friends and family have identified the six missing miners as Luis Hernandez, Manuel Sanchez, Kerry Allred, Carlos Payan, Brandon Phillips, and Don Erickson.