O.J. Simpson walked out of jail late Wednesday after posting $250,000 bail.
O.J. Simpson leaves the Clark County Detention Center late Wednesday night.
Eighth District Judge Jackie Glass doubled O.J. Simpson's bail to ensure his appearance at an April 7 trial.
Jackie Glass said O.J. Simpson had violated terms of his previous bail.
Jackie Glass stated that O.J. Simpson must remain in the Clark County Detention Center until 15 percent of the $250,000 is paid in full.
Fifteen percent of the $250,000 is $37,500.
O.J. Simpson never paid any part of his previous $125,000 bail.
Jackie Glass told O.J. Simpson's lawyers that there is no "get-out-of-jail-free card" today.
Jackie Glass does not want O.J. Simpson out of jail until the 15 percent is paid in full.
Jackie Glass scolded O.J. Simpson, saying he wasn't taking the matter seriously.
Jackie Glass expressed uncertainty about whether O.J. Simpson's behavior was due to arrogance or ignorance.
O.J. Simpson posted bail at about 6:15 p.m. local time.
O.J. Simpson returned to jail in Nevada from his home in Florida on January 11 for Wednesday's hearing.
Prosecutors alleged that O.J. Simpson violated the terms of his bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant.
Miguel Pereira is the original bail bondsman for O.J. Simpson.
Miguel Pereira testified that O.J. Simpson didn't put any money toward the bail that allowed him to leave jail in September.
Miguel Pereira said O.J. Simpson did not pay "one cent" toward the bail.
Miguel Pereira paid the 15 percent premium and the $40 filing fee to allow O.J. Simpson to leave the detention center.
Miguel Pereira had a power of attorney for O.J. Simpson's Florida home.
Miguel Pereira never filed a lien on O.J. Simpson's Florida home.
Miguel Pereira admitted he never sent O.J. Simpson a bill for the premium.
Miguel Pereira had an understanding with O.J. Simpson that he would be paid "after it was all over."
Jackie Glass described it as "mind-boggling" that O.J. Simpson never had to put up any collateral for his first bond.
Jackie Glass stated that the bail bondsman never asked for anything from O.J. Simpson.
Prosecutors produced a recording of a profanity-laced voice mail message left on Miguel Pereira's answering machine in November from O.J. Simpson.
O.J. Simpson told Miguel Pereira to deliver the voice mail message to co-defendant Clarence Stewart.
The voice mail message contained "an undercurrent of a threat."
The prosecutor wanted O.J. Simpson's bail to be raised to at least $1 million.
Yale Galanter did not contest the authenticity of the recording.
As part of his bail granted on September 19, O.J. Simpson was to have no contact whatsoever with victims, witnesses, or co-defendants in the case.
Jackie Glass stated that the same conditions apply this time.
Jackie Glass asked O.J. Simpson if he understands the conditions and rules.
O.J. Simpson said he understands 100 percent.
Jackie Glass specified that there is to be no contact with others in the case.
Jackie Glass specified that there are to be no phone messages to third parties.
Jackie Glass specified that there are to be no emails.
Jackie Glass specified that there are to be no letters.
Yale Galanter stated that O.J. Simpson was truly contrite about what has occurred.
Yale Galanter said that O.J. Simpson will abide scrupulously by whatever the court decides.
O.J. Simpson faces trial on April 7 on 12 criminal counts.
The 12 criminal counts include conspiracy, kidnapping, robbery, burglary, coercion, and assault with a deadly weapon.
The charges stem from a September 13 incident at a Las Vegas hotel.
O.J. Simpson allegedly stole sports memorabilia he said belonged to him from dealers Alfred Beardsley and Bruce Fromong.
Alfred Beardsley and Bruce Fromong were offering more than 600 Simpson-related items for sale.
The items included ties O.J. Simpson wore during his criminal trial for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ron Goldman.
O.J. Simpson was acquitted in the 1994 murder trial.