The price of alcohol rose by 10 percent in Venezuela.
The price of cigarettes rose by 20 percent in Venezuela.
Leonora Marino is the owner of Bodegon Marino in Valencia, Venezuela.
Leonora Marino was changing the prices in her store on Monday evening.
Customers looked on and complained while Leonora Marino changed the prices.
The Venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol.
The Venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on cigarettes.
The higher tax on alcohol aims to cut consumption.
The higher tax on cigarettes aims to cut consumption.
The Venezuelan government views drinking and smoking as having social consequences.
The Venezuelan government views drinking and smoking as having economic consequences.
The Venezuelan government views drinking and smoking as having moral consequences.
Jose Vielma Mora is the superintendent of Seniat.
Seniat oversees the collection of taxes in Venezuela.
Taxes on whiskey, brandy, cognac, and other drinks that don't come from cane sugar have been raised by $1.79 per liter.
The increase in taxes on whiskey, brandy, cognac, and other drinks that don't come from cane sugar is equivalent to 3,838 bolivares per liter.
Fernando Fernandez is a liquor exporter.
Fernando Fernandez believes the tax increase is unfair.
Fernando Fernandez believes the consumer is the one who pays the tax increase.
Hugo Chavez described whiskey as a drink for rich people.
Hugo Chavez believes whiskey is not for revolutionaries.
Hugo Chavez stated that Venezuela cannot spend international reserves on whiskey.
Hugo Chavez aims to transform each Venezuelan into "the new man."
Hugo Chavez cited Ernesto "Che" Guevara as an example of leading a more pure life.
Hugo Chavez stated that the level of alcohol consumption in Venezuela represents a threat to public health.
Hugo Chavez believes residents ought to feel ashamed of alcohol consumption.
Hugo Chavez stated that vice causes much harm to individuals.
Hugo Chavez stated that vice causes much harm to the collective health of the nation.
Hugo Chavez believes the dangers of vice result in an increase in car wrecks.
Hugo Chavez believes the dangers of vice result in an increase in domestic violence.
Hugo Chavez stated that he drinks too much coffee.
Stores near schools will not be granted licenses to sell alcohol.
Stores near churches will not be granted licenses to sell alcohol.
Stores near cultural centers will not be granted licenses to sell alcohol.
Taxes on cigarette imports have increased from 50 percent to 70 percent of the total price.
Some people on the street do not understand the motivations for the tax increase.
Some people on the street predict their consumption of alcohol and cigarettes will not change.
One person stated that Venezuelans are not going to stop drinking.
One person stated that Venezuelans are not going to stop smoking.
Hugo Chavez plans to increase taxes on luxury items such as Hummers.
Hugo Chavez stated that Hummers are imported privately and at great expense.
There is no Hummer dealership in Venezuela.
Higher oil prices in recent years have translated into higher consumption in Venezuela.
Car sales in Venezuela increased by about 70 percent last year.
The CIA World Factbook reported that car sales in Venezuela increased by about 70 percent last year.
Hugo Chavez wants to focus less on material goals for Venezuela's 27 million people.
38 percent of Venezuela's population lives in poverty.