SPAM marks its 70th anniversary in 2007.
2007 is the Chinese Year of the Pig.
The SPAM Museum is located in Austin, Minnesota.
A tour through the SPAM Museum is guaranteed fun for the whole canned-pork-loving family.
Hormel Foods opened the SPAM Museum in 2001.
The SPAM Museum opened to the tune of almost 5,000 cans of SPAM.
One of the main attractions of the SPAM Museum is a scale model of a SPAM plant.
Visitors can don white coats and hairnets while pretending to produce SPAM.
The National Museum of Funeral History is located in Houston.
The National Museum of Funeral History opened in 1992.
The motto of the National Museum of Funeral History is "Any Day Above Ground is a Good One."
The National Museum of Funeral History includes a Civil War embalming display.
The National Museum of Funeral History includes a replica of a turn-of-the-century casket factory.
The National Museum of Funeral History boasts an exhibit of "fantasy coffins."
Kane Quaye is a Ghanaian artist.
Kane Quaye designed the "fantasy coffins" exhibit at the National Museum of Funeral History.
The "fantasy coffins" include a casket shaped like a chicken.
The "fantasy coffins" include a casket shaped like a Mercedes-Benz.
The "fantasy coffins" include a casket shaped like a shallot.
The "fantasy coffins" include a casket shaped like an outboard motor.
Kane Quaye's creations are based on the dreams and last wishes of his clients.
The Hobo Museum is located in Britt, Iowa.
The Hobo Museum details the history and culture of tramps.
The Hobo Museum is only open to the public during the annual Hobo Convention.
Tours of the Hobo Museum can be arranged by appointment any time of year.
Lodging is available all over the area during the Hobo Convention.
Most attendees of the Hobo Convention will rest at the "hobo jungle."
The "hobo jungle" is located by the railroad tracks.
The Hobo Foundation operates both the Hobo Museum and the Hobo Cemetery.
The Hobo Cemetery is where those who have "caught the westbound" are laid to rest.
The Mütter Museum is located in Philadelphia.
The College of Physicians of Philadelphia erected the Mütter Museum.
The Mütter Museum informs medical students and practicing physicians about unusual medical phenomena.
The Mütter Museum primarily serves as a popular spot for anyone interested in the grotesque.
The Mütter Museum displays the world's largest colon.
The world's largest colon was removed from a man who died of constipation.
The Mütter Museum displays an OB-GYN instrument collection.
The Mütter Museum displays thousands of fluid-preserved anatomical and pathological specimens.
The Mütter Museum has a large wall dedicated entirely to swallowed objects.
The Barnum Museum is located in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
The Barnum Museum honors P.T. Barnum.
Some visitors appreciate the Barnum Museum's detailed miniature model of a five-ring circus.
Only circus enthusiasts will appreciate a stale piece of cake from the wedding of General Tom Thumb.
The Conspiracy Museum is located near the Sixth Floor Museum.
The Sixth Floor Museum is housed in the former Texas School Book Depository.
The Sixth Floor Museum recounts details of John F. Kennedy's life leading up to his death.
John F. Kennedy died at the hands of Lee Harvey Oswald.
The Conspiracy Museum specializes in showings of the Zapruder film.
The Conspiracy Museum explains contrary assassination theories.
The Conspiracy Museum includes theories about other gunmen on the grassy knoll.
The Conspiracy Museum includes theories about possible mafia involvement in the assassination.
The Museum of Questionable Medical Devices is located in St. Paul.
Bob McCoy is the curator of the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices.
Bob McCoy recently donated the collection to the Science Museum of Minnesota.
The Museum of Questionable Medical Devices features a collection of 19th-century phrenology machines.
The Museum of Questionable Medical Devices features some 1970s breast enlargers.
The 1930s McGregor Rejuvenator is on display at the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices.
The McGregor Rejuvenator required patrons to enclose their bodies in a large tube.
The McGregor Rejuvenator pounded patrons with magnetic and radio waves.
The McGregor Rejuvenator attempted to reverse the aging process.
Cook's Natural Science Museum is located in Decatur, Alabama.
Cook's Natural Science Museum began as a training facility for Cook's Pest Control exterminators.
Cook's Natural Science Museum tells the tale of pests.
Visitors can learn about rats, cockroaches, mice, spiders, and termites at Cook's Natural Science Museum.
Admission to Cook's Natural Science Museum is free.
Most people would rather step on live specimens than learn about them.
The Pest of the Month exhibit at Cook's Natural Science Museum keeps reeling in patrons.
The Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum is located in Fort Mitchell, Kentucky.
William Shakespeare Berger founded the Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum.
The Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum is a home for retired wooden puppets.
William Shakespeare Berger collected figures from famous ventriloquist acts.
The Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum has more than 700 dummies stacked from floor to ceiling.
The Trash Museum is located in Hartford, Connecticut.
The Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority operates the Trash Museum.
The Trash Museum turns garbage into 6,500 square feet of recycling entertainment.
Visitors can tour the Temple of Trash.
Visitors can visit the old-fashioned town dump at the Trash Museum.
The Children's Garbage Museum is located across the state from the Trash Museum.
Visitors can take an educational stroll through the giant compost pile at the Children's Garbage Museum.
Visitors can get a glimpse of the 1-ton Trash-o-saurus at the Children's Garbage Museum.
Visitors can enjoy the company of resident compost worms at the Children's Garbage Museum.