Chester Arthur Stiles made his initial court appearance in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday morning.
Chester Arthur Stiles faces charges stemming from the videotaped rape of a 2-year-old girl.
Chester Arthur Stiles is 37 years old.
Chester Arthur Stiles was taken into custody on Monday night.
A Henderson, Nevada, police officer pulled over the white Buick Century that Chester Arthur Stiles was driving.
Prosecutors added charges before Wednesday's hearing.
The total number of felony counts against Chester Arthur Stiles is 23.
One of the felony counts is a charge of lewdness with a minor.
One of the lewdness charges stems from a 2004 incident.
Some of the felony counts are related to the videotape.
Judge Deborah Lippis set November 19 as the date for the preliminary hearing.
Chester Arthur Stiles' court-appointed attorney said Chester Arthur Stiles was overwhelmed by public opinion in the case.
Public defender Jeff Banks said Chester Arthur Stiles is a little out of it.
Jerry T. Donohue is the attorney for the girl's mother.
The child on the videotape was younger than 3 when the abuse occurred.
The girl is now 7 years old.
The girl was found last month after a nationwide search.
The girl's mother said she was relieved about Chester Arthur Stiles' arrest.
The girl's mother said it would have been better if they found Chester Arthur Stiles dead.
The girl's mother will testify against Chester Arthur Stiles if the case goes to court.
The girl's mother said her daughter remembers nothing about the videotaped assault.
The girl's mother recently had a conversation with her daughter about inappropriate touching.
The girl's mother said her daughter told her that if someone touched her inappropriately, the girl would scream and tell her mother.
The girl's mother said she does not trust anybody now.
The girl's mother is in a relationship with a man her daughter calls "Dad."
The girl's mother does not feel comfortable leaving her daughter with the man her daughter calls "Dad."
The girl's mother does not feel comfortable leaving her daughter with anybody else.
The girl's mother said she cries and blames it on herself.
The girl's mother is eight-and-a-half months pregnant.
The incident has placed a lot of strain on the girl's mother.
The girl's mother said she could have lived without knowing about the assault.
A former girlfriend of Chester Arthur Stiles lived in fear before the arrest.
The former girlfriend went to police to identify the suspect after seeing enhanced photos from the videotape on the local news.
Elaine Thomas screamed when she recognized the photos on television.
Elaine Thomas had no choice but to contact police about Chester Arthur Stiles.
Elaine Thomas thought Chester Arthur Stiles was a weapons enthusiast with only a minor criminal record.
Elaine Thomas said that little girl suffered unimaginable things.
Elaine Thomas knew for a fact that Chester Arthur Stiles was the man in the photos.
Another former girlfriend of Chester Arthur Stiles is Tina Allen.
Tina Allen thinks she is the reason Chester Arthur Stiles came in contact with the girl.
Tina Allen is mortified by the allegations against Chester Arthur Stiles.
Tina Allen said Chester Arthur Stiles claimed he had been in the Navy.
Tina Allen was looking for a strong guy to represent to her sons what she thought they needed to be.
Tina Allen took Chester Arthur Stiles to a crowded apartment.
Tina Allen's son and daughter lived in the crowded apartment.
A family friend and Tina Allen's daughter lived in the crowded apartment.
Tina Allen's daughter is the alleged assault victim.
Todd Allen recognized his old apartment from scenes in the video.