King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia visited London this week.
Queen Elizabeth smiled during the state banquet.
British Prime Minister Gordon Brown smiled during the state banquet.
The UK political elite boycotted events related to King Abdullah's visit.
Demonstrators lined the Mall during King Abdullah's visit.
The UK foreign secretary pulled out of a meeting with his Saudi counterpart.
The UK foreign secretary pulled out of a meeting to be with his new adopted son.
King Abdullah accused British officials of ignoring information.
The ignored information could have averted the terror attacks in London on July 2005.
The politics of King Abdullah's visit are open to debate.
The Saudis were in London to cement a strong trading and business relationship.
The trading and business relationship between Saudi Arabia and the UK has developed over the last 20 years.
Saudi Arabia is the UK's largest trading partner in the Middle East.
The UK is the second largest foreign investor in Saudi Arabia, behind the USA.
UK Trade & Investment has designated Saudi Arabia as one of its 17 "High Growth Markets."
The UAE and Qatar are also designated as "High Growth Markets."
Saudi Arabia is diversifying its economy away from oil.
Commercial opportunities for the UK thrive in a variety of sectors in Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Arabia is currently planning six privately-developed economic cities.
King Abdullah Economic City is the largest of the six economic cities.
King Abdullah Economic City will create one million jobs.
King Abdullah Economic City will be home to two million residents.
The aim of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority is to boost the economy.
The aim of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority is to create a pro-business environment.
The aim of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority is to attract investors.
The aim of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority is to foster investment opportunities.
The UK has been one of the top five exporters to Saudi Arabia since the early 1990s.
The top five exporters to Saudi Arabia are the USA, Germany, China, Japan, and the UK.
In 2007, Saudi Arabian bank SABB predicts that UK exports to Saudi Arabia will increase by more than 5.5 percent.
UK exports to Saudi Arabia are predicted to reach $2.8 billion in 2007.
The balance of trade continues to favor the British.
Saudi Arabia's exports to Britain are gaining ground.
Saudi Arabia's exports to Britain are closing the trade gap.
Exports to Britain are expected to reach a record high of $2.1 billion this year.
Three quarters of Saudi exports to the UK were from oil in the 1980s.
The non-oil sector accounts for 59 percent of Saudi exports to the UK today.
Products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include machinery.
Products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include transport equipment.
Products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include plastics.
Products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include non-metallic minerals.
Products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include chemicals.
There are more than 150 Saudi-British joint ventures underway.
The value of the Saudi-British joint ventures is around $15 billion.
State visits are important for bolstering trade talks, according to John Sfakianakis.
The biggest deal that will mark the trade relationship is the purchase of 72 Eurofighter Typhoon Jets.
The purchase of 72 Eurofighter Typhoon Jets was sealed last week.
The contract for the Eurofighter Typhoon Jets is worth over almost $10 billion.
The contract for the deployment, maintenance, and training is worth a further $19 billion.
The UK government decided to call off a Serious Fraud Office investigation into defense contracts with Saudi Arabia.
The Serious Fraud Office investigation related to the sale of weapons by BAE Systems to Saudi Arabia in the 1980s.
BAE has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing.
BAE has repeatedly denied making payments to Saudi royals to win business.
Political sensitivity surrounding King Abdullah's visit is unlikely to harm future trading relationships.
The relationship between Saudi Arabia and the UK is far deeper than political sensitivity.
Saudi Arabia's economy is booming.
Businessmen see immense opportunities in Saudi Arabia.
Everything else takes a subsidiary part in the booming economy of Saudi Arabia.