A Colorado man has spent $10,000 on a security system.
A Colorado man has hired a bodyguard for his son's wedding.
A Colorado man never leaves home without a .45-caliber handgun strapped to his chest.
Keith Reynolds was convicted for witness intimidation.
Keith Reynolds threatened witnesses in his domestic assault case.
The Colorado man asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case.
The state did nothing to protect the Colorado man after the 1999 conviction of Keith Reynolds for domestic abuse.
Prosecutors told the Colorado man that a hit had been put on his family.
A report in the Denver Post pointed out major problems protecting witnesses in the state of Colorado.
Paul Logli is the chairman of the National District Attorneys Association.
Paul Logli told Congress this year that witness intimidation has become "almost epidemic."
The witness in the Reynolds case said that prosecutors only told the family to maybe move.
The witness in the Reynolds case is pretty sure he told one of the prosecutors about the witness protection program.
The witness in the Reynolds case cannot remember if he gave all the details about the witness protection program.
The prosecutor assigned to the Reynolds case did not want to be named.
After Reynolds' conviction, the witness and his wife saw strange cars parked outside their home.
The witness and his wife received phone calls during which the only sound was a gun being cocked.
The witness and his wife received a death threat from Keith Reynolds through the mail.
Keith Reynolds was sentenced to ten years in a maximum security prison for witness intimidation.
It is likely that Keith Reynolds will be released within five years.
No national statistics on crimes against witnesses exist.
Minimal research has been conducted on crimes against witnesses.
The latest National Institute of Justice survey on record was conducted more than a decade ago.
More than half of big city prosecutors consider witness intimidation a major problem.
Colorado has $50,000 allocated to its witness protection budget.
The city of Denver spent almost $100,000 on landscaping last year.
The state of Colorado spends about $1,000 per witness on average.
The figure for state spending on witnesses supposedly includes moving expenses, rent, and furniture.
The federal witness protection program spends in excess of $40 million per year.
Witnesses in state cases do not get new identities.
Federal witnesses receive new identities.
The Colorado witness protection program is not designed to be a long-term relocation at the public's expense.
The Colorado witness protection program is designed to ensure the immediate safety of witnesses.
Peter Weir is the executive director of the Colorado Department of Public Safety.
The Colorado witness protection program is a "joke," according to The Rev. Leon Kelly.
The Rev. Leon Kelly is the founder and executive director of the Open Door Youth Gang Alternatives.
The state of Colorado does not provide enough incentive for witnesses to come forward.
Darryl Givens asked The Rev. Leon Kelly for advice while deciding whether to testify in a murder case.
Darryl Givens chose to testify in a murder case.
Darryl Givens was shot twice in the head by men he considered friends a few months after testifying.
That day continues to haunt The Rev. Leon Kelly.
Rhonda Fields says failures in the witness protection program may have contributed to her son's murder.
Javad Fields was a college graduate who was engaged to be married.
Javad Fields had plans to move east.
A Fourth of July barbecue in 2004 changed Javad Fields' plans.
Javad Fields witnessed the murder of his best friend.
Javad Fields subsequently testified against three men suspected in the killing of his best friend.
Javad Fields and his fiancée were gunned down while driving along a suburban street in Aurora, Colorado.
Javad Fields and his fiancée both died instantly.
Rhonda Fields says her son was never told about a witness protection program.
Rhonda Fields confronted prosecutors after her son's murder.
Rhonda Fields asked prosecutors what happened regarding her son's safety.
Rhonda Fields was told that Javad Fields never asked for any protection.
Rhonda Fields does not think it was her son's responsibility to ask for protection.
Rhonda Fields thinks it is the authorities' responsibility to notify witnesses of the dangers involved with being a witness.
Javad Fields' case illustrates glaring weaknesses in the witness protection program.
Prosecutors filed an order for protection requesting Javad Fields' personal information be kept secret.
The order for protection was not signed by a judge until one year later.
Defense lawyers had already given the suspects Javad Fields' personal information before the order was signed.
Defense lawyers had already given the suspects crucial trial documents before the order was signed.
Rhonda Fields felt like the District Attorney's office used her son to win their case.
Rhonda Fields felt like the District Attorney's office did not take the proper measures to safeguard her son's life.
District Attorney Carol Chambers maintains that the witness protection program has improved.
District Attorney Carol Chambers says a notice about witness protection is now attached to every subpoena.
The notice about witness protection ensures witnesses are aware of their options.
The notice about witness protection did not start until two years after Javad Fields was killed.