The author was 14 years old at the time of the events described.
Lebanon's civil war was in full flood during the author's childhood.
Shells began raining down on the author's neighborhood in Beirut one afternoon.
A Lebanese woman and her son ran through west Beirut in 1989 during fighting between rival forces.
The author and classmates ran from school screaming.
The author forgot the book bags, classmates, and homework while running.
The author felt out of breath and knees giving way while running to the local shelter.
The local shelter was a dark humid room at the back of the author's apartment block.
The memory of that terrifying afternoon receded until recently.
After more than a decade of relative peace and reconstruction, bombings and assassinations returned to Beirut.
Every time the author hears of a new explosion, the author thinks of a frightened child sitting in darkness.
In 1988, the author watched the last throes of Lebanon's civil war firsthand.
The author felt sad, frustrated, and often fearful like millions of Lebanese.
The author now watches from another continent.
The author finds the same emotions resurfacing while watching Lebanon's current situation.
The conspiracies, car bombs, threatening rhetoric, and political deadlock are eerily familiar to the author.
The actors in Lebanon's tragedy are like shadows from a long-gone past.
The actors in Lebanon's tragedy are grayer than before.
Those who have avoided assassination are grayer than before.
The cast in Lebanon's tragedy has changed little in two decades.
A presidential election is the setting for Lebanon's current political situation.
The struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years.
In 1988, the president's term was coming to an end.
The warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate in 1988.
Militias prevented parliament members from reaching the assembly building in 1988.
Compromise was nowhere in sight in 1988.
The West had abandoned Lebanon to the manipulation of its neighbors in 1988.
Syria had its choice for president in 1988.
Israel had its own allies in 1988.
Lebanon was awash with weapons in 1988.
In his last act as president, Amin Gemayel named Michel Aoun as prime minister.
Michel Aoun was the Army Chief in 1988.
Amin Gemayel shattered the convention that a Muslim hold the position of prime minister.
Muslims refused to serve in the Cabinet after Michel Aoun was named prime minister.
Lebanon ended up with two governments after Michel Aoun was named prime minister.
Michel Aoun famously declared, "I am prime minister and six ministers in one."
Michel Aoun's "War of Liberation" against Syria turned into defeat.
Michel Aoun turned on fellow Christians of the Lebanese Forces in the "War of Elimination."
The Syrians drove Michel Aoun to take refuge at the French Embassy.
In August 1990, the author came to CNN as a World Report panelist.
The author tried to explain Lebanon's chaos and the horrors of civil war for ordinary civilians.
The author had seen people killed in front of them.
The author had seen children orphaned in seconds.
The author had seen parents burying their infants in oversize white coffins.
The author was offered the opportunity to stay at CNN.
The author gratefully accepted the chance to escape the anarchy.
Almost as the author left, the civil war was being laid to rest.
The various factions had fought each other to a standstill.
Arab governments, supported by the West, helped negotiate a new constitutional framework.
The new constitutional framework was overseen by Syrian influence.
Peace came to Lebanon after the civil war.
It would be five years before the author returned to Lebanon.
In 1995, the author went back to Lebanon.
The author was stunned by the changes in Lebanon in 1995.
The author kept looking around for checkpoints manned by militants in 1995.
The author couldn't believe they could go anywhere without being harassed or kidnapped by one faction or another in 1995.
Identity -- Christian, Muslim, or Druze -- no longer defined where Lebanese could go in 1995.
People mixed freely in chic coffee shops in 1995.
People smoked the hubble-bubble and laughed at the same jokes in 1995.
It was as if Lebanon's divisions had been wiped away by some magic eraser in 1995.
Downtown Beirut was rocking to Lebanese pop music in 1995.
The dusty sandbags had given way to boutiques carrying the latest European fashions in 1995.
Deluxe hotels had returned to Beirut in 1995.
Lovers had returned to Beirut's Corniche for romantic strolls at sunset in 1995.
The agreement that ended the civil war was more a truce than a real settlement.
The agreement was overseen by a "pax Syriana."
Anti-Syrian sentiment grew after the civil war ended.
Political tensions grew after the civil war ended.
On Valentine's Day 2005, the Corniche was rocked by an explosion.
Former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri was killed on Valentine's Day 2005.
The symbolism of Hariri's death left the author speechless.
It had been widely expected that Rafik Hariri would run for office again.
Rafik Hariri was expected to demand the withdrawal of Syrian troops.
Suspicion fell on Damascus after Rafik Hariri's death.
Damascus vehemently denied involvement in Rafik Hariri's death.
On March 14, a human sea of demonstrators gathered in Martyrs' Square.
Muslims, Druze, and Christians alike demanded the "truth" in Martyrs' Square.
Rafik Hariri's death exposed the fault lines that had broken Lebanon a generation previously.
Even after Syria withdrew its troops, Syria still had allies in Lebanon.
One of Syria's allies in Lebanon was Hezbollah.
Hezbollah was accused of the suicide attacks that had killed scores of U.S. Marines in Beirut more than 20 years previously.
Another ally of Syria in Lebanon was Gen. Michel Aoun.
Michel Aoun was back from exile after Rafik Hariri's death.
Michel Aoun had defied Syria in 1989.
Michel Aoun made common cause with Hezbollah against his fellow Christians after Rafik Hariri's death.
Earlier this year, the author visited Martyrs' Square.
The spirit of the Cedar Revolution had evaporated in Martyrs' Square.
Martyrs' Square looked like a morgue.
Anti-government Hezbollah squatters had brought life in Martyrs' Square to a standstill.
Business owners stood silent in the sun and shook their heads at the author in despair.
The author wondered if business owners sensed their disappointment.
The author wondered if business owners sensed their pain at watching Beirut bleed again.
Lebanon's political actors now find themselves re-enacting scenes from the final act of the civil war 19 years ago.
The term of the president is approaching its end again.
There is no agreement on the president's successor.
Suspicion and fear are the political currency of the day in Lebanon.
The author questions if Lebanon's brief renaissance that amazed them in 1995 will be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries.