Iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes.
Russian President Vladimir Putin made this statement on Tuesday.
Putin's visit to Iran is the first by a Kremlin leader since 1943.
Putin is in Tehran to attend a summit of Caspian Sea nations.
Putin and the other leaders agreed that peaceful nuclear activities must be allowed in the region.
The Iranians are cooperating with Russian nuclear agencies.
The main objectives of the Iranian nuclear program are peaceful objectives.
Russia is building Iran's first nuclear power plant.
Russia has resisted moves by the U.S. and its allies to impose stronger U.N. sanctions against Tehran.
U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates reiterated the Bush administration's stance on Iran.
All options must be kept on the table in confronting the threats posed by Iran.
Gates referenced the option of using military action against Iran.
Gates stated that there should be no illusions about the nature of the Iranian regime or its leaders.
Gates expressed concerns about the Iranian leaders' designs for their nuclear program.
Gates expressed concerns about the Iranian leaders' willingness to live up to their rhetoric.
Gates expressed concerns about the Iranian leaders' intentions for Iraq.
Gates expressed concerns about the Iranian leaders' ambitions in the Gulf region.
The leaders of Iran, Russia, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, and Azerbaijan met to reach an agreement on issues relating to the sharing and regulating of the Caspian Sea.
The Caspian Sea is the world's largest inland body of water.
Putin stated that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region.
Putin referenced rumors that the U.S. planned to use Azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against Iran.
Putin stated that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third powers for use of force or military aggression against any Caspian state.
The Caspian Sea is an inland sea.
The Caspian Sea only belongs to the Caspian states.
Only the Caspian states are entitled to have their ships and military forces in the Caspian Sea.
Putin was greeted by Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki at Tehran's Mehrabad Airport.
Putin's visit occurred despite reports of an assassination plot against him.
Putin stated that rumors of an attempt on his life would not stop his plans.
Putin stated that if he reacted to rumors every time, he could never leave the house.
Iranian officials denied there was an assassination plot against Putin.
A Foreign Ministry spokesman described rumors of a possible terrorist action during Putin's visit as baseless.
Spokesman Mohammadali Hosseini stated that spreading totally false news lacks any value.
Hosseini stated that spreading totally false news cannot damage the trend of the prepared programs.
Hosseini blamed the rumor on Western media, particularly the U.S. media.
Hosseini stated that the report was made up by the enemies of relations between Iran and Russia to create a psychological war.
Putin's visit is the first by a leader in the Kremlin to Iran since Joseph Stalin's World War II conference meeting with U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
Putin's trip to Tehran is a show of Russia's independence in global affairs.
Putin wants to demonstrate that he wouldn't cave in to U.S. pressure.
Alexander Pikayev is an expert on Iran with Russia's Institute for World Economy and International Relations.
Putin's schedule includes meetings with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Iran's supreme leader, Ali Khamenei.