Doctors removed five small polyps from President George W. Bush's colon on Saturday.
None of the polyps appeared worrisome.
The polyps were removed and sent to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, for routine microscopic examination.
Results from the examination are expected in two to three days.
All of the polyps were small, less than a centimeter in diameter.
President George W. Bush is in good humor.
President George W. Bush will resume his activities at Camp David.
During the procedure, Vice President Dick Cheney assumed presidential power.
President George W. Bush reclaimed presidential power at 9:21 a.m. after about two hours.
Doctors used monitored anesthesia care during the procedure.
President George W. Bush was asleep during the procedure, but not as deeply unconscious as with a true general anesthetic.
President George W. Bush spoke to First Lady Laura Bush before and after the procedure.
First Lady Laura Bush is in Midland, Texas, celebrating her mother's birthday.
After the procedure, President George W. Bush played with his Scottish terriers, Barney and Miss Beazley.
President George W. Bush planned to have lunch at Camp David.
President George W. Bush planned to have briefings with National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley and White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten.
President George W. Bush planned to take a bicycle ride Saturday afternoon.
Vice President Dick Cheney spent the morning at his home on Maryland's eastern shore.
Vice President Dick Cheney was reading and playing with his dogs.
Nothing occurred that required Vice President Dick Cheney to take official action as president before President George W. Bush reclaimed presidential power.
The procedure was supervised by Dr. Richard Tubb, President George W. Bush's physician.
The procedure was conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland.
President George W. Bush's last colonoscopy was in June 2002.
No abnormalities were found during President George W. Bush's last colonoscopy.
The president's doctor recommended a repeat procedure in about five years.
A colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer, rectal cancer, and polyps.
Polyps are small clumps of cells that can become cancerous.
Small polyps may be removed during a colonoscopy.
Tony Snow said on Friday that President George W. Bush had polyps removed during colonoscopies before becoming president.
Tony Snow is undergoing chemotherapy for cancer that began in his colon and spread to his liver.
The president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance.
The American Cancer Society recommends that people without high risk factors or symptoms begin getting screened for signs of colorectal cancer at age 50.