Lionel Messi scored for the sixth game in a row.
Barcelona defeated Atletico Madrid 3-0.
Barcelona stayed in touch with Primera Liga leaders Real Madrid.
Lionel Messi is congratulated by Ronaldinho after scoring.
Barcelona thumped Atletico Madrid 6-0 on their own ground last season.
Atletico Madrid was out for revenge against Barcelona.
Atletico Madrid conceded twice in four minutes.
Christian Abbiati let a routine Lionel Messi cross slip out of his hands.
Deco rolled home into the empty net after Christian Abbiati's mistake.
Lionel Messi played a great one-two with Ronaldinho.
Lionel Messi rifled a shot past Christian Abbiati for his sixth goal of the season.
Xavi added a third goal late in the match.
Frank Rijkaard explained that it was a deserved victory against a rival.
Barcelona had problems with Atletico Madrid in the past.
Barcelona scored twice in quick succession.
Barcelona controlled the match using aggression.
Barcelona attacked and defended as a unit.
Javier Aguirre admitted that conceding two early goals is not easy to turn around.
Atletico Madrid played against Barcelona.
Barcelona achieved their fourth straight league win.
Barcelona trails Real Madrid by two points.
Real Madrid beat Recreativo Huelva 2-0.
Ruud van Nistelrooy scored on 72 minutes.
Gonzalo Higuain netted in the final minute.
Real Madrid remained at the summit after the match.
Wesley Sneijder hit the post during the match.
Ruud van Nistelrooy scored in the final quarter hour.
Gonzalo Higuain struck to keep Real Madrid two points clear at the top.
Real Madrid made their best start since 1991.
Bernd Schuster's rotation policy has been questioned.
Bernd Schuster chopped and changed his team.
Arjen Robben said it was an important victory.
The match was the final match before international duty.
Real Madrid is now top for the next two weeks.
Real Madrid can build on their position when they return.
Villarreal lost for only the second time in 15 matches.
Villarreal lost 3-2 against Osasuna.
Sevilla are in a crisis after losing their fourth league game in a row.
Riki handed Deportivo La Coruna a surprise 1-0 win.
Sevilla have just six points from their first six matches.
Sevilla are 13 points behind Real Madrid.
Abel Resino became the first Spanish league coach to be sacked this season.
Abel Resino was sacked after Levante's 3-0 home loss to Real Zaragoza.
Abel Resino is 47 years old.
Abel Resino is a former goalkeeper at Atletico Madrid.
Abel Resino joined Levante in January.
Abel Resino replaced Juan Ramon Lopez Caro.
Levante are bottom of the table.
Levante has only one point from seven matches.