Genarlow Wilson was freed from a Georgia prison last week.
Genarlow Wilson is glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors.
The plea deal would have sprung Genarlow Wilson from prison months earlier.
Genarlow Wilson will be more conservative in the future.
Genarlow Wilson will be more alert in the future.
Genarlow Wilson served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation.
The prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove Genarlow Wilson to turn down the plea deal.
Genarlow Wilson had to think about his 9-year-old sister.
Genarlow Wilson had to think about having a family of his own one day.
Genarlow Wilson said that accepting the plea deal might have resulted in lesser time in prison.
Genarlow Wilson said that accepting the plea deal would have left him with nowhere to go.
Genarlow Wilson said that he would have no home if he accepted the plea deal.
Genarlow Wilson said that he wouldn't be able to stay with his mother if he accepted the plea deal.
Genarlow Wilson said that he has a little sister.
Genarlow Wilson said that as a sex offender, he cannot be around kids.
Genarlow Wilson said that he cannot have kids himself.
Genarlow Wilson questioned the point of life if he cannot have kids.
In 2005, a jury found Genarlow Wilson guilty of aggravated child molestation.
Genarlow Wilson had oral sex with a 15-year-old girl at a 2003 New Year's Eve party.
Genarlow Wilson was 17 at the time of the New Year's Eve party.
The conviction carried a 10-year mandatory prison sentence.
The conviction carried a sex offender designation.
Prosecutors in Douglas County, Georgia, offered Genarlow Wilson a plea deal.
The plea deal would have reduced Genarlow Wilson's sentence.
The plea deal could have possibly reduced Genarlow Wilson's sentence to time served.
The plea deal would have eventually removed the conviction from Genarlow Wilson's record.
The plea deal would have eventually removed the sex offender status from Genarlow Wilson's record.
Defense attorney B.J. Bernstein said that Genarlow Wilson rejected the plea deal.
Genarlow Wilson rejected the plea deal because he didn't want to plead guilty to a felony.
The felony would have a 15-year sentence.
The state Legislature amended the law under which Genarlow Wilson was convicted last year.
The amendment made such sexual encounters misdemeanors.
The Legislature did not make the law retroactive.
The amendment had no effect on Genarlow Wilson's sentence.
Genarlow Wilson was released on Friday.
The state Supreme Court ruled 4-3 that Genarlow Wilson's sentence constitutes cruel and unusual punishment.
Genarlow Wilson feels no negative energy toward District Attorney David McDade.
District Attorney David McDade fought efforts to have Genarlow Wilson's sentence reduced.
Genarlow Wilson is focused on the future.
Genarlow Wilson hopes to soon immerse himself in his college studies.
Genarlow Wilson wants to major in sociology.
Genarlow Wilson feels like he has been living his major.
Genarlow Wilson will be more appreciative of the blessings bestowed upon him.
Genarlow Wilson said that when it seems like he has everything, he feels like he has no worries.
Genarlow Wilson knows what it feels like to be without.
Genarlow Wilson does not want to ever feel like that again.
Genarlow Wilson does not ever want to see the inside of a prison.
Genarlow Wilson called his sentence absurd.
Genarlow Wilson understands that prosecutors were doing their job.
Genarlow Wilson understands that prosecutors felt they were carrying out the law.
Genarlow Wilson knows what he did was foolish.
Genarlow Wilson was young when he did foolish things.
Genarlow Wilson did some idiotic things in his teen years.
Genarlow Wilson believes that every average teen does idiotic things.
Genarlow Wilson does not think any of them made very wise decisions.
Genarlow Wilson does not think that any of them can go back and change what happened.