Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that Nemanja Vidic should play in Tuesday's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev.
Nemanja Vidic clashes with Roma goalkeeper Gianluca Curci during the UEFA Champions League Group F match.
Nemanja Vidic sat out Saturday's 4-1 victory at Aston Villa after suffering concussion during the Premier League win over Wigan immediately before the international break.
Nemanja Vidic has made a good recovery.
Nemanja Vidic will now partner Rio Ferdinand in the heart of the United defense.
Louis Saha definitely misses the tie with a long-term knee problem.
Gary Neville stayed behind.
Owen Hargreaves stayed behind.
Wayne Rooney scored twice against Aston Villa.
Wayne Rooney was also on target in England's Euro 2008 defeat against Russia in Moscow last week.
Wayne Rooney will partner Carlos Tevez in attack.
A third successive victory after 1-0 wins against Sporting Lisbon and Roma would virtually guarantee Manchester United a place in the knock-out stage.
Manchester United flew to Kiev a day earlier than normal.
Manchester United took their own chefs and dieticians with them.
Sir Alex Ferguson stated that the travel is always the biggest worry in these situations.
Sir Alex Ferguson stated that Ukraine is further away than most other journeys around Europe.
Pape Diakhate is expected to return for Dynamo.
Ismael Bangoura is expected to return for Dynamo.
Taras Mykhalyk is expected to return for Dynamo.
Serhiy Rebrov is an absentee for Dynamo.
Dynamo warmed up for Tuesday night with a 1-0 win over strugglers Zakarpattia on Saturday in the Ukrainian Championship.
Dynamo are bottom of Group F after losing their first two games.
Dynamo lost 2-0 at Roma.
Dynamo lost 2-1 at home to Sporting.
Glasgow Rangers are without Jean-Claude Darcheville for their home clash against Barcelona on Tuesday.
Jean-Claude Darcheville is still struggling with a hamstring problem.
Glasgow Rangers are without Brahim Hemdani for their home clash against Barcelona on Tuesday.
Brahim Hemdani misses the Group E tie in Glasgow with a groin problem.
Brahim Hemdani's groin problem kept him out of the weekend's 3-0 win against Celtic.
Bayern Munich will probably have to do without midfielder Franck Ribery for their group game against Red Star Belgrade on Thursday.
Franck Ribery hurt his thigh in Saturday's 2-1 win at Bochum.
Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga with the 2-1 win at Bochum.