Bernard Kouchner is the French Foreign Minister.
Bernard Kouchner declared that France had to prepare for the possibility of war against Iran over its nuclear program.
Bernard Kouchner's declaration was not conventional diplomatic behavior.
Bernard Kouchner was never expected to be a soft-soaper on the diplomatic scene.
Bernard Kouchner has a reputation for challenging convention and authority.
Bernard Kouchner was a surprise appointment from the Socialist ranks to Nicolas Sarkozy's conservative government.
Bernard Kouchner is the founder of Medicins Sans Frontiers.
Bernard Kouchner has always challenged convention and authority.
Boutros Boutros-Ghali once called Bernard Kouchner 'an unguided missile'.
Bernard Kouchner has been known to declare: "To change the law you sometimes have to break the law".
Bernard Kouchner was one of the leaders of the students revolt in France in May 1968.
Bernard Kouchner is a humanitarian.
Bernard Kouchner is a patriot.
Bernard Kouchner has a strong commitment to human rights.
Bernard Kouchner supported the US-led intervention in Iraq.
Bernard Kouchner criticized the aftermath of the US-led intervention in Iraq.
Bernard Kouchner supported the US-led intervention in Iraq on the grounds of Saddam Hussein's denial of human rights.
Bernard Kouchner did not support the US-led intervention in Iraq on the grounds of Saddam Hussein's possible possession of weapons of mass destruction.
Bernard Kouchner and President Nicolas Sarkozy have a concern for human rights.
Bernard Kouchner and President Nicolas Sarkozy are eager to join Gordon Brown's Britain in a new push for action in Darfur.
Bernard Kouchner did not come to his position with any of former President Jacques Chirac's instinctive distrust of the United States.
Washington has been critical of some European states for their weakness in confronting Teheran.
Washington will have been delighted by Bernard Kouchner's 'get serious' warning to Teheran.
Bernard Kouchner is unlikely to be deterred by fears of upsetting the White House when he has criticisms to make of US policy.
How much should be made of Bernard Kouchner's words on Iran remains unclear at this stage.
Bernard Kouchner's words on Iran were scarcely on the same scale as President Jacques Chirac's threat to retaliate with nuclear strikes against any state found to be responsible for a large-scale terrorist attack on France.
Bernard Kouchner's words on Iran are all of a piece with France's new high-profile style under the presidency of Nicolas Sarkozy.
Bernard Kouchner became the first French Foreign Minister to visit Iraq since 1988.
Bernard Kouchner insisted that there could only be a political solution to Iraq's problems, not a military one.
Bernard Kouchner offered France's services as a mediator and 'honest broker' between Sunnis, Shiites, and Kurds.
Bernard Kouchner is merely echoing the words of President Nicolas Sarkozy regarding Iran.
President Nicolas Sarkozy declared that a nuclear-armed Iran would be 'unacceptable'.
President Nicolas Sarkozy described the stand-off over Iran's nuclear program as 'undoubtedly the most serious crisis before us today'.
Bernard Kouchner is making clear that France no longer takes the view once expressed by President Jacques Chirac that a nuclear-armed Iran might be inevitable.
Bernard Kouchner is continuing to ratchet up the rhetoric over the threat of a nuclear-armed Iran.
Bernard Kouchner is underlining the West's resolution on Iran's nuclear enrichment program.
Bernard Kouchner is supplementing President Nicolas Sarkozy's warnings.
Neither Bernard Kouchner nor President Nicolas Sarkozy is saying that military intervention against Iran is imminent.
Neither Bernard Kouchner nor President Nicolas Sarkozy is saying that military intervention against Iran is inevitable.
Neither Bernard Kouchner nor President Nicolas Sarkozy has yet confirmed that France would be part of any military action against Iran.
Bernard Kouchner and President Nicolas Sarkozy are stressing the risks which are piling up as a result of Teheran's brinkmanship.
Bernard Kouchner's intervention underlines that the new administration in France is not a knee-jerk anti-American one.
France is in the business of reclaiming a role at the top diplomatic tables.