David Beckham is a football superstar.
David Beckham is a celebrity.
David Beckham is a fashion icon.
David Beckham is a multimillion-dollar heartthrob.
David Beckham is headed for the Hollywood Hills.
David Beckham is taking his game to U.S. Major League Soccer.
David Beckham fulfilled his dream of playing for Manchester United.
David Beckham played for England.
David Beckham has begun a five-year contract with the Los Angeles Galaxy team.
David Beckham will meet the press on Friday.
David Beckham will reveal his new shirt number on Friday.
CNN is taking an in-depth look at the life and times of David Beckham.
Becky Anderson is CNN's very own "Becks."
Becky Anderson is examining what makes David Beckham tick.
David Beckham is a footballer.
David Beckham is a global phenomenon.
David Beckham's journey has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer.
Becky Anderson is pursuing the current hottest property on the sports/celebrity circuit in the U.S.
Becky Anderson explores what is behind David Beckham.
CNN will look back at the life of David Beckham.
David Beckham was a wonderfully talented youngster.
David Beckham is married to pop star Victoria.
David Beckham experienced trials and tribulations while playing for England.
David Beckham scored against Greece.
David Beckham was sent off during the World Cup.
David Beckham departed from Manchester United for the Galacticos of Madrid.
David Beckham is now playing at the Home Depot stadium in L.A.
David Beckham and his family will adapt to life in Los Angeles.
David Beckham and his family will adapt to the people in Los Angeles.
David Beckham and his family will adapt to the places to see and be seen in Los Angeles.
David Beckham and his family will adapt to celebrity endorsement in Los Angeles.
David Beckham is no stranger to exposure.
David Beckham has teamed with Reggie Bush in an Adidas commercial.
David Beckham is the face of Motorola.
David Beckham is the face on a PlayStation game.
David Beckham does not need fashion tips.
David Beckham has his own international clothing line.
The star couple needs to become an accepted part of Tinseltown's glitterati.
The road to major league football in the U.S.A. is a well-worn route for some of the world's greatest players.
Some former greats came before David Beckham.
The impact of overseas stars on U.S. soccer is being examined.
What is different now in U.S. soccer is being looked at.
A rare glimpse inside the David Beckham academy in L.A. is being obtained.
The kids at the David Beckham academy have heroes.
The perception that soccer is a "game for girls" after the teenage years in the U.S.A. is changing.
More young kids are choosing the European game over traditional U.S. sports.