Prince Harry led tributes to Diana, Princess of Wales on the 10th anniversary of her death.
Prince Harry described Diana, Princess of Wales as "the best mother in the world" in a speech at a memorial service.
Prince Harry and Prince William can separate life into two parts.
Prince Harry and Prince William were blessed with the physical presence of both their mother and father during their childhood.
Prince Harry and Prince William have experienced 10 years since their mother's death.
Prince Harry and Prince William took their mother's unrivaled love of life, laughter, fun, and folly for granted when she was alive.
Diana, Princess of Wales was the guardian, friend, and protector of Prince Harry and Prince William.
Diana, Princess of Wales never allowed her unfaltering love for Prince Harry and Prince William to go unspoken or undemonstrated.
Diana, Princess of Wales will always be remembered for her amazing public work.
Diana, Princess of Wales was the best mother in the world to Prince Harry and Prince William.
Prince Harry and Prince William miss their mother.
Diana, Princess of Wales kissed Prince Harry and Prince William last thing at night.
Diana, Princess of Wales greeted Prince Harry and Prince William with her beaming smile from school.
Diana, Princess of Wales laughed hysterically and uncontrollably when sharing something silly she might have said or done that day.
Diana, Princess of Wales encouraged Prince Harry and Prince William when they were nervous or unsure.
Diana, Princess of Wales was determined to provide Prince Harry and Prince William with a stable and secure childhood.
Losing a parent suddenly at a young age is indescribably shocking and sad.
The event of Diana, Princess of Wales's death changed the lives of Prince Harry and Prince William forever.
Everyone who lost someone that night experienced a life-changing event.
Prince Harry and Prince William want to remember their mother as she would have wished to be remembered.
Prince Harry and Prince William want to remember their mother as fun-loving, generous, down-to-earth, and entirely genuine.
Prince Harry and Prince William think of their mother every day.
Prince Harry and Prince William speak about their mother and laugh together at all the memories.
Diana, Princess of Wales made Prince Harry, Prince William, and many other people happy.
Prince Harry hopes that Diana, Princess of Wales is remembered in a positive way.
Prince William read from St Paul's letter to the Ephesians during the memorial service.
Prince William prayed that God may grant strength in inner being with power through His Spirit.
Prince William prayed that Christ may dwell in the hearts of the attendees through faith.
Prince William prayed that attendees may be filled with all the fullness of God.
The Bishop of London made a speech during the memorial service.
The scene described by the Bishop of London is an old people's home.
Two residents are playing Beggar My Neighbor in the old people's home.
The Princess entered the old people's home.
The question from the royal visitor was unexpected but everyone laughed.
Everyone in the old people's home commented on the Princess's large eyes.
The Princess brought life into the room during her visit.
The Princess found the right word or gesture to bring cheer and comfort on countless occasions.
The Bishop of London remembers meeting Princess Diana for the very first time early in 1981.
The Bishop of London met Princess Diana to discuss details of the wedding service in St Paul's.
The Bishop of London felt nervous entering the presence of Princess Diana.
Princess Diana was 20 years old when the Bishop of London met her.
Princess Diana had a capacity for empathy and strong intuitive power.
Any tension in the meeting with Princess Diana soon evaporated.
Prince Harry has spoken movingly about Princess Diana as a mother.
The Bishop of London wants to dwell on Princess Diana's public work, its cost, and its meaning.
Princess Diana joined her natural gifts of beauty, empathy, and powerful intuition with her association with the Royal Family.
The Royal Family generates an extraordinary charge.
The monarchy communicates by symbol and simple speech.
Princess Diana brought her own gifts to her public work.
Princess Diana was 26 years old in 1987 when she shook the hand of a patient at the opening of the Middlesex Hospital's Aids ward.
The Aids ward at the Middlesex Hospital was the first in the UK.
There was a degree of fear and prejudice surrounding Aids in the '80s.
Princess Diana played a significant part in overcoming a harmful and cruel taboo regarding Aids.
Princess Diana's gesture of shaking hands with the patient was not choreographed.
Princess Diana's gesture sprang from a deep identification with vulnerable people.
Princess Diana had a similar impact in the USA.
An editorial in the New York Times in 1989 admitted that it took a foreign and royal dignitary to draw attention to a major public health concern in the US.
Princess Diana's work for the victims of landmines caught the popular imagination internationally.
Princess Diana's work for the victims of landmines accelerated the adoption of the Ottawa Convention.
The Ottawa Convention bans the use of a weapon that disproportionately kills and maims women and children.
Princess Diana proved the eloquence of embrace and touch.
Princess Diana sought out places of suffering.
Princess Diana was not afraid to be with the dying and comfort them in an unsentimental way.
Bill Deedes accompanied Princess Diana on some of her visits.
Bill Deedes responded robustly to cynics regarding Princess Diana's work.
Bill Deedes said that Princess Diana sought to help vulnerable people in society.
Princess Diana was good at helping vulnerable people because she herself was vulnerable.
Princess Diana knew the feeling of vulnerability.
Princess Diana did not set out to be a saint.
Princess Diana experienced the weight of expectation and intensity of scrutiny as a member of the Royal Family.
Honoring and managing the role of a royal family member is a difficult task.
Princess Diana did all that she could to prepare her sons for the work that lies ahead.
Princess Diana received a great deal from some of those whose lives she touched.
Princess Diana said that John, a young Greek suffering from cystic fibrosis, showed no sign of anger or bitterness.
John touched everyone with an aura of optimism and hope for the future.
Princess Diana recognized the love of Christ in many of those whose lives she touched.
Princess Diana reached out for the mystery of life.
The more a person goes beyond themselves, the more they will become their true self.
The more a person loses themselves in loving and serving others, the more they will find themselves.
The more a person keeps company with those who suffer, the more they will be healed.
This knowledge passes all understanding.
This knowledge has been proved experimentally in the life of all the saints.
It is easy to lose the real person in the image.
There are regular reports of "fury" at incidents related to Princess Diana's memory.
Princess Diana's memory is used for scoring points.
The Bishop of London wants the service to mark the point at which people let Princess Diana rest in peace.
The Bishop of London wants people to dwell on Princess Diana's memory with thanksgiving and compassion.
The Bishop of London wants people to pray for all those who serve the country as members of the Royal Family.
The Bishop of London wants people to pray for the sons who were precious to Princess Diana.
The Bishop of London prayed that attendees may be rooted and established in love.
The Bishop of London prayed that attendees may have power with all the saints to grasp the love of Christ.
The Bishop of London prayed that attendees might be filled with the fullness of God.