O.J. Simpson will be held without bail after his arrest on robbery and assault charges.
Police announced O.J. Simpson's arrest late Sunday.
Police released a mug shot of O.J. Simpson after his arrest.
O.J. Simpson is accused of having directed several other men in an alleged armed robbery of sports memorabilia.
The alleged robbery occurred in a room at a Las Vegas hotel.
Las Vegas authorities have no information leading them to believe O.J. Simpson was carrying a firearm during the alleged incident.
Police said O.J. Simpson and other men burst into the room.
O.J. Simpson and other men walked out with the memorabilia.
Some of the memorabilia was unrelated to O.J. Simpson.
Lt. Clint Nichols told reporters that no one was roughed up during the incident.
Lt. Clint Nichols stated that firearms were involved in the incident.
Lt. Clint Nichols said the firearms were pointed at the victims.
A reporter asked Lt. Clint Nichols if O.J. Simpson was the boss in the room.
Lt. Clint Nichols responded that he believes O.J. Simpson was the boss in the room.
The alleged victims were identified as Bruce Fromong and Alfred Beardsley.
Bruce Fromong is a sports memorabilia collector.
Bruce Fromong described the incident as a home invasion-type robbery.
Alfred Beardsley has been quoted by TMZ.com.
Alfred Beardsley stated that O.J. Simpson later apologized to him.
Alfred Beardsley stated that O.J. Simpson told him he regretted the incident.
Police met with Walter Alexander at McCarran International Airport.
Walter Alexander is 46 years old and from Mesa, Arizona.
Walter Alexander told police about the alleged robbery.
Walter Alexander validated the tipster's information.
Capt. James Dillon told reporters about Walter Alexander's arrest.
Walter Alexander was arrested on two counts of robbery with a deadly weapon.
Walter Alexander was arrested on two counts of assault with a deadly weapon.
Walter Alexander was arrested for conspiracy to commit robbery.
Walter Alexander was arrested for burglary with a deadly weapon.
Walter Alexander was released on his own recognizance.
Walter Alexander returned to Mesa either Saturday night or early Sunday morning.
Investigators are seeking four other men.
Investigators believe the four other men accompanied O.J. Simpson into the hotel room.
Lt. Clint Nichols stated that there is a social relationship between the identified individuals and O.J. Simpson.
O.J. Simpson is not accused of having brandished a gun himself.
Two firearms that police said were used were recovered early Sunday.
Police conducted three searches to recover the firearms.
Investigators would not divulge where the weapons were found.
Lt. Clint Nichols dismissed an initial report that the men may have been off-duty police.
Lt. Clint Nichols stated that there is no truth to the report about off-duty police.
The report about off-duty police resulted from language used when the individuals burst into the room.
The language used led the victims to believe that the individuals may have been police.
O.J. Simpson has acknowledged taking some items that belonged to him.
O.J. Simpson has denied that any weapons were involved.
Whether the property belonged to O.J. Simpson is still in debate.
Lt. Clint Nichols stated that investigators are still in the process of sorting out property ownership.
Some of the property taken had O.J. Simpson's signature.
Some other property was taken as well.
Lt. Clint Nichols believes there were some Joe Montana cleats taken.
Lt. Clint Nichols believes there were some signed baseballs taken.
The latest charges against O.J. Simpson mean he faces the prospect of another prosecution.
O.J. Simpson faces another prosecution more than a decade after the June 1994 stabbing deaths of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and Ron Goldman.
O.J. Simpson was acquitted of murder the following year.
The trial of O.J. Simpson riveted much of the United States.
In 1997, a jury found O.J. Simpson liable for the deaths in a civil case.
The civil case was brought by the Goldman family.
O.J. Simpson was ordered to pay the families a total of $33.5 million for the deaths.
Ron Goldman had gone to Nicole Simpson's Los Angeles home to return a pair of glasses.
Ron Goldman went to Nicole Simpson's home on the day of the slayings.
Kim Goldman is Ron Goldman's sister.
Kim Goldman stated she wasn't surprised by the robbery allegations.
Kim Goldman stated that O.J. Simpson thinks he can do no wrong.
Kim Goldman stated that O.J. Simpson is capable of stabbing people to death.
Kim Goldman stated that she thinks robbery is nothing surprising.
Normal, logical, civil-minded, law-abiding people do not storm a room with guns demanding stuff back.
Bruce Fromong had testified on O.J. Simpson's behalf in the civil case.
Bruce Fromong told the court that prices for Simpson memorabilia had dropped substantially since the 1995 verdict.
Bruce Fromong's testimony was part of the defense's contention that O.J. Simpson could not afford to pay the Goldmans.
O.J. Simpson recently wrote a book originally titled "If I Did It."
O.J. Simpson had planned to publish the book himself.
A public outcry led to the cancellation of O.J. Simpson's book deal.
A bankruptcy judge awarded the Goldmans the rights to the book.
The Goldmans were awarded the rights to the book in light of their inability to collect the wrongful death award.
The Goldmans retitled the book "If I Did It: Confessions of the Killer."
The book just hit bookstores.