Alfred Hitchcock did not leave people in suspense about how he felt about actors.
Alfred Hitchcock was one of the towering geniuses of cinema.
Alfred Hitchcock was not the best collaborator.
Alfred Hitchcock was particularly trying for screenwriters.
Screenwriters felt Alfred Hitchcock never properly credited them for their work.
Alfred Hitchcock was notoriously hard on actors.
Alfred Hitchcock was once quoted as saying, "Actors are cattle."
Alfred Hitchcock's quote stirred up a huge outcry.
Actors can be touchy.
Alfred Hitchcock issued a correction to his quote.
Alfred Hitchcock said, "I have been misquoted. What I really said is, 'Actors should be treated as cattle.'"
Alfred Hitchcock began making cameos in his own films accidentally.
Alfred Hitchcock was short an actor for the film "The Lodger."
Alfred Hitchcock made it his egotistical trademark to appear in his own films.
Alfred Hitchcock amassed a total of 37 cameos throughout his career.
Ayn Rand is the patron saint of Thinking You're Better Than Everybody Else.
Ayn Rand was born Alissa Zinovievna Rosenbaum.
Ayn Rand's most famous novels are The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged.
The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged are massive dramatizations of Objectivism.
Objectivism is Ayn Rand's self-spun philosophy for success.
Objectivism champions ego and accomplishment.
Objectivism shuns all religion as folly.
Objectivism condemns any form of charity or altruism as counterproductive to society.
Ayn Rand's novels often focus on protagonists who are invariably men.
Protagonists in Ayn Rand's novels are shunned by others because of their genius.
Protagonists in Ayn Rand's novels persevere over the foolishness of morons.
Protagonists in Ayn Rand's novels prove their genius and emerge triumphant.
Ayn Rand saw humility as a weakness.
Ayn Rand regarded laughing at yourself as "spitting in your own face."
Ayn Rand believed a lot in her own philosophy.
Ayn Rand ranked herself as the philosophical equal of Aristotle and Thomas Aquinas.
Orson Welles created a cinematic masterpiece such as "Citizen Kane" at the age of 25.
Orson Welles was convinced of his own importance much earlier than the age of 25.
"Citizen Kane" might have been sparked by a bruised ego.
Orson Welles devised the film "Citizen Kane" as an exposé of newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst.
William Randolph Hearst slighted Orson Welles at a dinner party.
Orson Welles's arrogant side did not get any less subtle after the success of "Citizen Kane."
Orson Welles had outtakes for a TV commercial for frozen peas.
Orson Welles's outtakes for a TV commercial for frozen peas reveal his oversized ego.
Frank Lloyd Wright is arguably the genius of 20th-century architecture.
Frank Lloyd Wright believed he was superior to mere mortals.
Frank Lloyd Wright frequently acted as though the rules did not apply to him.
Frank Lloyd Wright's floor plan for Stanley Marcus's Dallas home included "sleeping porches."
Frank Lloyd Wright's "sleeping porches" required Stanley Marcus to sleep outdoors year-round.
Stanley Marcus's small bedroom "cubicles" came equipped with almost no closet space.
Stanley Marcus explained to Frank Lloyd Wright that temperatures during summer nights in Dallas often exceed 80 degrees.
Stanley Marcus explained to Frank Lloyd Wright that a high-fashion tastemaker might need bigger closets.
Frank Lloyd Wright threw a series of tantrums when Stanley Marcus explained his concerns.
Frank Lloyd Wright's tantrums usually took place in letter form.
Frank Lloyd Wright's tantrums are preserved and occasionally displayed at the Dallas Museum of Art.
Salvador Dalí said, "Every morning when I awake, the greatest of joys is mine: that of being Salvador Dalí."
Salvador Dalí designed everything about himself to shock, destroy convention, cause scandal, and stir controversy.
Salvador Dalí was criticized for choosing to live under General Franco's fascist government in Spain.
Salvador Dalí defended his position by stating that he didn't care about others so long as he could be king.
Salvador Dalí was not a man of the people.
Salvador Dalí was known to walk the streets of New York City clanging a hand bell.
Salvador Dalí said, "The thought of not being recognized [is] unbearable."
Salvador Dalí said, "At the age of 6 years, I wanted to be a chef."
Salvador Dalí said, "At the age of 7, I wanted to be Napoleon."
Salvador Dalí's ambitions have continued to grow at the same rate ever since.
Al Jolson was born Asa Yoelson in Seredzius, Lithuania.
Al Jolson was born in what was then part of Imperial Russia.
Al Jolson was known for hijacking the action in the middle of shows.
Al Jolson was known for ad-libbing during performances.
Al Jolson was known for stopping to talk to the audience during performances.
During a 1911 performance of "Paris is a Paradise for Coons," Al Jolson stopped and asked the audience if they'd rather hear him sing than see the rest of the play.
The crowd roared with applause when Al Jolson asked the audience if they'd rather hear him sing.
Al Jolson ditched the whole program and took over after the audience's applause.
No one else could share the stage with Al Jolson after he took over.
Al Jolson can be forgiven somewhat for his arrogance.
According to most contemporary accounts, Al Jolson actually was the greatest in the world.
Al Jolson's legacy has become a political hot potato because of his use of stage blackface.
Stage blackface is considered highly offensive now.
Stage blackface was pretty common at the time.