Ralph Lauren has his eye on China and Japan.
Ralph Lauren has had a greater impact on the way American men and women dress than any other designer for four decades.
Ralph Lauren has had a greater impact on the way American men and women imagine, seek, and indulge in the Good Life than any other designer for four decades.
Ralph Lauren was a former tie salesman from the Bronx.
Ralph Lauren's handmade ties sold for $12 to $15.
Designer ties did not sell for more than $5 apiece before Ralph Lauren's ties.
Ralph Lauren originally named his company Polo because it was the sport of kings.
Ralph Lauren's company name was questioned by a few people in the beginning.
Virtually none of Ralph Lauren's millions of devoted customers has ever seen a polo match.
Ralph Lauren instinctively caught a desire in the air before any of his competitors had a chance to grab it.
The desire Ralph Lauren caught was to look like a success before achieving one's goal.
Ralph Lauren made fashion look easy.
Ralph Lauren values clothes that are consistent and accessible.
Ralph Lauren admires ultimate stars like Frank Sinatra, Cary Grant, and Fred Astaire.
The ultimate stars whose style has consistency last the longest according to Ralph Lauren.
Fashion is about establishing an image that consumers can adapt to their own individuality.
Fashion images can change and evolve.
Fashion does not reinvent itself every two years.
The media is insatiable for the new, the now, and the next.
Being steadfast does not always make for good copy.
The spotlight searches for newcomers according to Ralph Lauren.
The key to longevity is to keep doing what one does better than anyone else according to Ralph Lauren.
Ralph Lauren's team works hard at getting their message out to the consumer.
Ralph Lauren's team works hard at getting consumer trust.
Ralph Lauren's team works hard at getting consumers excited again and again.
Ralph Lauren's clothes for the runway are not concepts.
Ralph Lauren's clothes for the runway go into stores.
Ralph Lauren has lots of stores.
Ralph Lauren relies on people walking into his store saying, "I want your clothes."
If all of Ralph Lauren's customers shouted that together, he would go deaf faster than he could pull on one of his classic pullovers.
Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on the red carpet.
Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on ski slopes.
Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on boats.
Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present at Wimbledon.
Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present in living rooms.
Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on dinner tables.
Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on beds.
Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present under beds.
Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on coffee tables.
Ralph Lauren's career is celebrated in the tome "Ralph Lauren" published by Rizzoli.
Ralph Lauren has a 40-year career.
Ralph Lauren is going more global.
Americans have a real inferiority about their own style according to Ralph Lauren.
Ralph Lauren has brought sportswear to the world.
Ralph Lauren believes there is a long way to go for American style.
Ralph Lauren has more stores planned for China and Japan.
Ralph Lauren has more stores planned for everywhere.
Ralph Lauren states there aren't enough Americans out there.
Ralph Lauren is a suitable person to start with for expanding his brand.
Most Americans still cannot play polo according to Ralph Lauren.