Most of the 103 children that a French charity attempted to take to France from Chad for adoption are neither Sudanese nor orphans.
Three international aid agencies reported on Thursday that most of the children are neither Sudanese nor orphans.
Hundreds of women protested child trafficking and shouted anti-French slogans on Wednesday in Abeche, Chad.
Six members of Zoe's Ark were arrested last week.
Zoe's Ark tried to put the children on a plane to France.
The charity said host families were waiting to take the children in France.
Three French journalists were arrested.
A seven-member Spanish flight crew was arrested.
One Belgian was arrested.
Representatives of the journalists said they were unaware of problems with Zoe's Ark.
Representatives of the journalists thought they were on a humanitarian mission.
Chadian President Idriss Deby hopes the journalists will be freed.
Chadian President Idriss Deby hopes the flight crew will be freed.
Mahamat Hissene is the chief of staff for Chadian President Idriss Deby.
Chadian President Idriss Deby would legally be able to intervene in the case if it is transferred from a judge in Abeche to a judge in N'Djamena.
The transfer will take place on Monday.
The International Red Cross Committee reported that most of the children were living with their families before Zoe's Ark took them.
The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reported that most of the children were living with their families before Zoe's Ark took them.
UNICEF reported that most of the children were living with their families before Zoe's Ark took them.
The charity said the children were Sudanese orphans.
Zoe's Ark was trying to rescue the children from a war-torn nation.
Most of the children probably come from Chadian villages along Chad's border with Sudan.
The children have been living in an orphanage in Abeche.
Authorities and aid agencies are trying to determine the identities of the children.
Chadian authorities accused Zoe's Ark of kidnapping the children.
Chadian authorities accused Zoe's Ark of concealing the identities of the children.
Chad's interior minister said Zoe's Ark dressed the children in bandages and fake intravenous drips.
Zoe's Ark dressed the children in bandages and fake intravenous drips to make them look like refugees who needed medical help.
The charity workers have been charged with kidnapping.
The charity workers have been charged with extortion.
The charity workers could face 20 years of hard labor if convicted.
The Spaniards are charged with complicity.
The Belgian is charged with complicity.
The Spanish flight crew is innocent.
A company executive said the Spanish flight crew should be released.
Antoni Cajal is the sales director of Spain's Gir Jet charter firm.
Antoni Cajal said, "We thought we were doing a humanitarian transport."
Antoni Cajal said, "If an NGO has done something wrong, it's impossible for us to know."
Spain's Foreign Ministry has publicly expressed its disagreement with the charges.
Spain's Foreign Ministry has dispatched top diplomats to Chad.
Spain's Foreign Ministry is trying to win the group's release.
The captain appealed urgently to be rescued.
The captain feared the crew could be harmed or killed.
The four women are in good condition in custody.
The three men are in good condition in custody.
Cajal based his statement on conversations with a Spanish consular official.
The Spanish consular official came from Cameroon to Chad.
The Spanish consular official has been able to visit the crew.
The detention is the first problem of its kind for the company.
The company hopes government negotiations can resolve the issue.
Zoe's Ark describes itself as a nonprofit organization based in Paris.
Zoe's Ark sends teams of physicians, nurses, firefighters, and other specialists to care for children in war zones.
Zoe's Ark places children with families in France.
Families in France then apply for asylum on behalf of the children.
The Red Cross, UNHCR, and UNICEF said the 21 girls and 82 boys range in age from about 1 year to about 10 years.
The 21 girls and 82 boys are healthy.
The agencies have been interviewing the children individually.
The agencies are trying to determine the backgrounds of the children.
Some of the children could not provide any information due to their young age.
The interviews led to the preliminary conclusion that probably 85 children come from Chadian villages near the cities of Adre and Tine.
The agencies said 91 children said they had been living with their family.
The family of the 91 children consists of at least one adult they considered to be their parent.
Interviews with the remaining 12 children are ongoing.
The agencies called their investigation painstaking and challenging.
The investigation is challenging because of the number of children.
The investigation is challenging because of the youth of the children.
The investigation is challenging because of the situation in the region.
Other French charities questioned whether Zoe's Ark could legally arrange adoption of children from Darfur.
Other French charities contacted French authorities.
French authorities reacted angrily to the Zoe's Ark trip.
French authorities called the group's actions illegal and irresponsible.
The French Foreign Ministry has said the dispute will not affect France's participation in a European peacekeeping force.
The European peacekeeping force is due to be deployed along the border between Chad and Sudan.
The Republic of Congo said it was suspending all international adoptions.
Reporters Without Borders said it will work for the release of the three journalists arrested in Chad.
Photographers Marc Garmirian and Jean-Daniel Guillou were on assignment for their news organizations.
Marc Garmirian is from the Capa news agency.
Jean-Daniel Guillou is from the Synchro X agency.
Marie-Agnes Peleran was traveling with the group in a personal capacity.
Marie-Agnes Peleran carried a camera from her station.
Marie-Agnes Peleran is from the TV station France 3 Miditerranee.