Tony Snow is undergoing treatment for cancer.
Tony Snow will step down from his post on September 14.
Dana Perino will replace Tony Snow as White House press secretary.
President Bush will "sadly accept" Tony Snow's resignation.
President Bush spoke warmly of Tony Snow in the White House press room.
President Bush said it has been a joy to watch Tony Snow spar with reporters.
President Bush is certain that Tony Snow will battle cancer and win.
President Bush is certain that Tony Snow will be a solid contributor to society.
President Bush told Tony Snow, "I love you, and I wish you all the best."
Tony Snow is leaving his job to earn more money.
Tony Snow took a big pay cut when he left his previous jobs as anchor and political analyst for Fox News.
Tony Snow makes $168,000 as the White House spokesman.
Tony Snow's family took out a loan when he started the job as White House spokesman.
Tony Snow's family loan is now gone.
Tony Snow said this job has really been a dream for him.
Tony Snow has had an enormous amount of fun and satisfaction in his job.
Tony Snow will continue to speak out on issues.
Tony Snow will do some radio and some TV after leaving his job.
Tony Snow does not anticipate full-time anchor duties after leaving his job.
Tony Snow has received great satisfaction from talking to people about his illness.
Tony Snow's cancer was diagnosed for the first time in February 2005.
Tony Snow's colon was removed.
Doctors said Tony Snow's cancer was in remission after six months of treatment.
Perino announced on March 27 that Tony Snow's cancer had recurred.
Doctors removed a growth from Tony Snow's abdomen the day before March 27.
Sources told CNN two weeks ago that Tony Snow was planning to leave his job.
Tony Snow was possibly planning to leave his job as early as September.
President Bush tapped Tony Snow to replace Scott McClellan in April 2006.
Tony Snow had been an anchor for "Fox News Sunday."
Tony Snow had been a political analyst for the Fox News Channel.
Tony Snow joined the Fox News Channel in 1996.
Tony Snow hosted "The Tony Snow Show" on Fox News Radio.
Tony Snow's health is improving.
Two medical tests this month found that Tony Snow's cancer has not spread.
The tumors are stable and are not growing according to Tony Snow.
There are no new growths according to Tony Snow.
Tony Snow's health is good.
Tony Snow's hair has turned gray during chemotherapy treatment.
Tony Snow's black hair is expected to grow back in about a month.
Tony Snow is putting on weight again after returning from a 10-day vacation.
Tony Snow feels very good about his health situation.
Tony Snow was to see his oncologist on Friday.
Tony Snow and his oncologist will decide on some minor forms of chemotherapy to start as maintenance treatment.