Dorothy Gale looks out of her bedroom window.
Dorothy Gale sees a bright and beautiful rainbow on the horizon.
The rainbow is approaching Dorothy Gale and Toto.
Dorothy Gale and Toto run towards the rainbow.
Glinda the Good Witch tells Dorothy Gale that she must return to Oz.
Glinda the Good Witch tells Dorothy Gale that she can save Scarecrow, Tin Man, and Cowardly Lion.
Dorothy Gale and Toto reclaim the silver shoes.
Dorothy Gale and Toto find a note from Glinda and Princess Ozma.
The note states that the silver shoes can take Dorothy Gale to the Land of Oz and back.
The Impassable Desert has taken away much of the silver shoes' power.
Dorothy Gale and Toto arrive in the Land of Oz.
Dorothy Gale has a small mirror in her pocket.
Dorothy Gale has a safety pin in her pocket.
Dorothy Gale has a glass bottle in her pocket.
Dorothy Gale has four of Aunt Em's home-made oatmeal cookies in her pocket.
Dorothy Gale and Toto wonder which direction to take.
Dorothy Gale and Toto encounter a molasses-covered owl named Wiser.
Wiser tells Dorothy Gale that she is in Gillikin Country.
Wiser tells Dorothy Gale to head to Candy County.
Wiser tells Dorothy Gale to ask the Great Royal Marshmallow that rules over Candy County.
Dorothy Gale and Toto arrive at Princess Gayelette's palace.
Dorothy Gale and Toto encounter the castle's Jester.
The Jester welcomes Dorothy Gale and Toto.
The Jester tells Dorothy Gale and Toto that Princess Gayelette and Prince Quelala have gone missing.
The Jester adds that Princess Gayelette and Prince Quelala disappeared during a party at the palace.
The party at the palace had become haunted.
The Jester points Dorothy Gale and Toto in the direction of the castle.
Dorothy Gale and Toto enter the palace.
Dorothy Gale and Toto find a wand that belonged to the Wicked Witch of the West lying on the table.
Dorothy Gale reminds the Jester that jesters are supposed to make people happy.
The Jester freezes in his tracks.
The Wicked Witch of the West's ghost urges the Jester to turn Dorothy Gale into a china doll.
The Jester gives up the wand.
The Wicked Witch of the West's ghost fades away.
The spell is broken.
Everyone is returned to normal.
Scarecrow, Tin Man, Cowardly Lion, and Toto rejoice now that the spell is broken.
The Cowardly Lion asks Dorothy Gale what she plans to do with the Wicked Witch of the West's wand.
Scarecrow and Tin Man plan to keep the wand locked up in a case.
Scarecrow and Tin Man plan to give the wand to Glinda and Princess Ozma.
Dorothy Gale returns to Kansas.
Dorothy Gale reunites with Aunt Em and Uncle Henry.
Aunt Em, Uncle Henry, and Dorothy Gale see a rainbow in the twilight sky.
Dorothy Gale hasn't seen the rainbow before.
Dorothy Gale knows that the rainbow must be Princess Ozma, Glinda, and the Wizard of Oz's way of saying goodbye to her.
The rainbow shimmered over the prairie.
The rainbow has all the bright and true colors of the Land of Oz.