Mr. Neal is asked to transcribe the deathbed confession of Allan Armadale.
Allan Armadale's story concerns his murder of the man he had disinherited.
The man Allan Armadale disinherited is also called Allan Armadale.
The man Allan Armadale disinherited subsequently married the woman Allan Armadale was betrothed to under false pretensions.
Under Allan Armadale's instructions, the confession is left to be opened by Allan Armadale's son once Allan Armadale's son comes of age.
Nineteen years later, the son of the murdered man is also named Allan Armadale.
Allan Armadale rescues a man of his own age named Ozias Midwinter.
Ozias Midwinter reveals himself to Reverend Decimus Brock.
Reverend Decimus Brock is a friend of Allan Armadale through Allan Armadale's late mother.
Ozias Midwinter is another Allan Armadale, the son of the man who committed the murder.
Ozias Midwinter tells Reverend Decimus Brock of his desperate upbringing.
Ozias Midwinter has run away from Ozias Midwinter's mother and stepfather, who is Mr. Neal.
Reverend Decimus Brock promises not to disclose the relation between Ozias Midwinter and Allan Armadale.
Ozias Midwinter and Allan Armadale become close companions.
Ozias Midwinter remains haunted by a fear that Ozias Midwinter will harm Allan Armadale.
Ozias Midwinter's fear is a result of their proximity.
Ozias Midwinter's fear is a fate warned of in Ozias Midwinter's father's letter.
Ozias Midwinter's feeling of fear intensifies when Ozias Midwinter and Allan Armadale spend a night on a shipwreck off the Isle of Man.
The shipwreck off the Isle of Man is the very ship on which the murder was committed.
Allan Armadale has a mysterious dream involving three characters while on the vessel.
Ozias Midwinter believes that the events in Allan Armadale's dream are a prophecy of the future.
Three members of Allan Armadale's family die in mysterious circumstances.
One of the mysterious deaths was instigated in the rescue of a woman who attempted to commit suicide by drowning.
As a result of the mysterious deaths, Allan Armadale inherits the estate of Thorpe-Ambrose in Norfolk.
Allan Armadale relocates to Thorpe-Ambrose in Norfolk with Ozias Midwinter.
Allan Armadale intends to make Ozias Midwinter the steward of Thorpe-Ambrose.
Once at Thorpe-Ambrose, Allan Armadale falls in love with Eleanor (Neelie) Milroy.
Eleanor (Neelie) Milroy is the sixteen-year-old daughter of Major Milroy.
Allan Armadale has rented a cottage from Major Milroy.
During this time, correspondence takes place between Maria Oldershaw and Lydia Gwilt.
Maria Oldershaw and Lydia Gwilt's correspondence concerns Lydia Gwilt's ambitions to marry Allan Armadale.
Lydia Gwilt's ambitions to marry Allan Armadale are a means of achieving retribution for Allan Armadale's family's apparent wrongdoings.
Lydia Gwilt was originally a maid in the service of Allan Armadale's mother.
Lydia Gwilt is thirty-five but looks twenty-something.
Lydia Gwilt is the villain of the novel.
Lydia Gwilt's colourful portrayal takes up much of the rest of the story.
Lydia Gwilt was originally Allan Armadale's mother's maid.
Lydia Gwilt is a contributor to the conflict between Allan Armadale's and Ozias Midwinter's fathers.
Lydia Gwilt is a fortune-hunter.
Lydia Gwilt is a murderess.
Lydia Gwilt is unable to alienate Allan Armadale's affections from Miss Milroy.
Lydia Gwilt settles for marrying Ozias Midwinter.
Lydia Gwilt discovers that Ozias Midwinter's name is the same as Allan Armadale's.
Lydia Gwilt plots to murder Allan Armadale.
Lydia Gwilt plots to have Allan Armadale killed by her ex-husband, who is a Cuban desperado.
Lydia Gwilt is now "Mrs. Armadale."
Lydia Gwilt intends to impersonate Allan Armadale's widow.
Allan Armadale escapes the desperado's attempt on Allan Armadale's life.
Allan Armadale is supposed to have drowned in a shipwreck.
Allan Armadale returns to England.
Lydia Gwilt's plans are foiled.
Lydia Gwilt's last shot is to murder Allan Armadale herself.
The weapon Lydia Gwilt intends to use to murder Allan Armadale is poison gas.
The scene of Lydia Gwilt's intended murder of Allan Armadale is a sanatorium run by a quack called Doctor Downward.
Lydia Gwilt is thwarted by her own conscience.
Ozias Midwinter and Allan Armadale have switched rooms.
Lydia Gwilt cannot bring herself to murder her true husband.
Lydia Gwilt has genuine feelings of love for her true husband.
Lydia Gwilt rescues Ozias Midwinter.
Lydia Gwilt writes Ozias Midwinter a farewell note.
Lydia Gwilt goes into the air-poisoned room.
Lydia Gwilt kills herself.
Allan Armadale marries Miss Milroy.
Ozias Midwinter becomes a writer.
Some linking passages consist of letters between the various characters.
Some linking passages consist of extracts from Lydia Gwilt's journal.
The great majority of the text narrates the events as they occur.
The novel is enlivened by many minor characters.
Mr. Bashwood is an old failure of a clerk who is infatuated with the beautiful Lydia Gwilt.
James Bashwood is Mr. Bashwood's son.
James Bashwood is a private detective.
Mrs. Oldershaw is an unscrupulous associate of Lydia Gwilt's.
The Pedgifts are father and son.
The Pedgifts are Allan Armadale's sometime lawyers.
Reverend Decimus Brock is a shrewd clergyman.
Reverend Decimus Brock brings Allan Armadale up.
Reverend Decimus Brock is kept out of the way for much of the book.
The question of whether the dream is to be interpreted rationally or superstitiously is never resolved.
Catherine Peters writes that the distortions of the plot reflect and dramatize the ways in which readers’ perceptions were distorted by the assumptions and hypocrisies of society.
The novel is a story of redemption.
The novel teaches that the sins of the fathers are not necessarily visited on the children.
The son of a murderer can turn out good.
Collins was to take up the theme of redemption again later in The Legacy of Cain.