A group of people known as the Hyups lives at the top of Mount Munch.
Bini Aru is a Munchkin.
Bini Aru discovered a method of transforming people and objects by merely saying the word "Pyrzqxgl".
Princess Ozma decreed that no one could practice magic in Oz except for Glinda the Good Witch and the Wizard of Oz.
Bini Aru wrote down the directions for pronouncing "Pyrzqxgl".
Bini Aru hid the directions in his magical laboratory.
Bini Aru and his wife are at a fair one day.
Kiki Aru is the son of Bini Aru and his wife.
Kiki Aru thirsts for adventure.
Kiki Aru finds the directions for pronouncing "Pyrzqxgl".
Kiki Aru transforms himself into a hawk.
Kiki Aru visits various countries outside the land of Oz.
Kiki Aru learns that he needs money to pay for a night's lodging in the land of Ev.
Money is not used at all in Oz.
Kiki Aru changes himself into a magpie.
Kiki Aru steals a gold piece from an old man.
A sparrow confronts Kiki Aru with knowledge of the theft.
Kiki Aru says that he did not know what it was like to be wicked before.
Kiki Aru is glad that he is now wicked.
Ruggedo is the Nome who was exiled to the Earth's surface in Tik-Tok of Oz.
Ruggedo overhears the conversation between Kiki Aru and the sparrow.
Ruggedo sees through Kiki Aru's power a chance to get revenge on the people of Oz.
Kiki Aru changes himself and Ruggedo into birds.
Kiki Aru and Ruggedo fly over the Deadly Desert into the Land of Oz.
Kiki Aru and Ruggedo enter Oz as animals.
Kiki Aru and Ruggedo enter Oz to escape detection by Glinda.
Kiki Aru and Ruggedo enter Oz to recruit an army of conquest from the country's wild animal population.
Kiki Aru changes himself and Ruggedo into Li-Mon-Eags.
Li-Mon-Eags are fictional creatures with the heads of lions, the bodies of monkeys, the wings of eagles, and the tails of donkeys.
Kiki Aru lies that they have seen the people of the Emerald City plan to enslave the animal inhabitants of the Forest.
Ruggedo claims that the Li-Mon-Eags will transform the animals into humans.
Ruggedo claims that the Li-Mon-Eags will march on the Emerald City.
Ruggedo claims that the Li-Mon-Eags will transform the inhabitants of the Emerald City into animals.
Ruggedo claims that the Li-Mon-Eags will drive the inhabitants of the Emerald City into the forest.
Ruggedo proves their power by having Kiki Aru transform Loo the unicorn into a man and back again.
Gugu is the leopard king.
Gugu offers to meet with the leaders of the other animal tribes to decide on the matter of invasion.
Dorothy and the Wizard arrive with the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger in the Forest of Gugu.
Dorothy and the Wizard have a request for monkeys to train in time for Ozma's upcoming birthday party.
Ruggedo recognizes his old enemies.
Ruggedo inspires Kiki Aru to begin transforming people and animals.
Kiki Aru transforms Ruggedo into a goose.
Kiki Aru transforms himself into a fox.
Kiki Aru transforms the Wizard into a fox.
Kiki Aru follows the Li-Mon-Eag deep into the forest.
Kiki Aru begins transforming monkeys into giant human soldiers.
Kiki Aru makes the giant human soldiers so big that they cannot move through the trees.
The Wizard heard how to correctly pronounce "Pyrzqxgl".
The Wizard transforms Kiki Aru into a walnut.
The Wizard transforms Ruggedo into a hickory nut.
The Wizard resumes his rightful form.
The Wizard changes Dorothy back to her form.
The Wizard changes the Cowardly Lion back to his form.
The Wizard changes the Hungry Tiger back to his form.
The Wizard changes Gugu back to his form.
The Wizard agrees to change the soldiers back into monkeys.
The Wizard recruits several of the grateful monkeys.
The Wizard shrinks the grateful monkeys down to bring back to the Emerald City.
Dorothy and the Wizard are dispatched to a magic island.
Cap'n Bill and Trot went to the magic island to get a magic flower for Ozma's birthday.
The island causes anything living that touches it to take root there.
Cap'n Bill and Trot are found when Dorothy and the Wizard arrive.
The Wizard uses "Pyrzqxgl" to change Cap'n Bill into a honeybee.
The Wizard uses "Pyrzqxgl" to change Trot into a honeybee.
Cap'n Bill narrowly avoids being eaten by the Cowardly Lion.
Cap'n Bill narrowly avoids being eaten by the Hungry Tiger.
Cap'n Bill retrieves the flower by strapping a wood plank onto his good leg.
Cap'n Bill walks with the wood plank and his wooden leg onto the island.
Cap'n Bill retrieves the flower.
Ozma and her friends celebrate her birthday at the Emerald City.
Ozma and her friends celebrate her birthday without quite the pomp and fanfare from The Road to Oz.
Ozma and her friends decide how to deal with the evil magicians transformed into nuts.
The Wizard uses "Pyrzqxgl" to change Kiki Aru back to his original form.
The Wizard uses "Pyrzqxgl" to change Ruggedo back to his original form.
The Wizard makes Kiki Aru thirsty enough to drink the Water of Oblivion.
The Water of Oblivion will make Kiki Aru forget all that he has ever known.
The now-blank slate Kiki Aru will live in the Emerald City.
The now-blank slate Kiki Aru will learn to be good and kind.
Ruggedo will live in the Emerald City.
Ruggedo will learn to be good and kind.