Twinkle and Chubbins are lost in a great forest.
Twinkle and Chubbins encounter a tuxix.
The tuxix looks like a spiny turtle.
The tuxix is a magician.
The tuxix is a sorcerer.
The tuxix is a wizard.
The tuxix is a witch.
The tuxix casts a spell on Twinkle and Chubbins.
Twinkle and Chubbins are transformed into little bird-like beings.
Twinkle and Chubbins have their own heads.
Twinkle and Chubbins have the bodies of skylarks.
Twinkle and Chubbins resemble the human-headed, bird-bodied sirins of Russian folklore.
Twinkle and Chubbins resemble the human-headed, bird-bodied alkonosts of Russian folklore.
Twinkle and Chubbins resemble the human-headed, bird-bodied gamayuns of Russian folklore.
Policeman Bluejay leads Twinkle and Chubbins on a flight through the sky.
Policeman Bluejay is the force of order in the avian world of the forest.
Policeman Bluejay esconces Twinkle and Chubbins in an abandoned thrush's nest.
Policeman Bluejay uses the help of a friendly eagle.
The friendly eagle retrieves Twinkle and Chubbins' picnic basket.
Twinkle and Chubbins do not have to eat bugs, worms, and grubs.
Twinkle and Chubbins learn of their new maple-tree neighbors.
Twinkle and Chubbins' new maple-tree neighbors include a squirrel.
Twinkle and Chubbins' new maple-tree neighbors include an owl.
Twinkle and Chubbins' new maple-tree neighbors include an o'possum.
Policeman Bluejay introduces Twinkle and Chubbins to the community of birds.
Twinkle and Chubbins see that the world of living beings in the forest has structure.
Twinkle and Chubbins see that the world of living beings in the forest has relationships.
Twinkle and Chubbins see that the world of living beings in the forest has conflict.
Twinkle and Chubbins hear stories of human cruelty to animals.
Hunters enter the forest.
The hunters kill Mrs. 'Possum.
The hunters kill Mrs. Hootaway.
The hunters kill Wisk the squirrel.
Twinkle tries to protest.
Twinkle can only make a skylark's chirp.
The hunters' dog almost catches Twinkle.
The eagle swoops down.
The eagle kills the hunters' dog.
The eagle leads Twinkle and Chubbins to safety.
The eagle takes Twinkle and Chubbins up to his eyrie.
The eagle's hungry hatchlings want to eat Twinkle and Chubbins for breakfast.
Baum acknowledges that animals have to prey upon each other to survive.
Baum maintains that love is the Grand Law of the forest.
Policeman Bluejay escorts Twinkle and Chubbins to a safer location.
Policeman Bluejay takes Twinkle and Chubbins to the Paradise of Birds.
The contentions and violence of the forest never penetrate the Paradise of Birds.
Twinkle and Chubbins are given a tour of the splendors of the Paradise of Birds.
Twinkle and Chubbins meet the King Bird of Paradise.
Twinkle and Chubbins are introduced to the community of bees.
Twinkle and Chubbins meet the Queen Bee.
Twinkle and Chubbins witness a spectacular flight of butterflies.
There is trouble in birdland beyond Paradise.
Policeman Bluejay must cope with a rebellion among the rooks.
The rooks would make the other birds their slaves.
The smaller birds beat the rooks in a battle by uniting.
The King Bird of Paradise has told Twinkle and Chubbins that they can restore themselves to human form.
The King Bird of Paradise has told Twinkle and Chubbins that they can restore themselves to human form by eating a fruit called tingle-berries.
Twinkle and Chubbins eat tingle-berries.
Twinkle and Chubbins return to their normal bodies.
Chubbins almost gets stuck halfway.
Twinkle and Chubbins make their way home.
Twinkle and Chubbins make their way home in the waning light of evening.