The four-man crew of the Ares has landed on Mars in the Mare Cimmerium.
Dick Jarvis is the ship's American chemist.
Dick Jarvis sets out south in an auxiliary rocket to photograph the landscape.
The engine on Dick Jarvis' rocket gives out.
Dick Jarvis crash-lands into one of the Thyle regions.
Dick Jarvis decides to walk back north to the Ares.
Dick Jarvis crosses into the Mare Chronium.
Dick Jarvis comes across a tentacled Martian creature attacking a large birdlike creature.
The birdlike Martian is carrying a bag around its neck.
Dick Jarvis recognizes the birdlike Martian as an intelligent being.
Dick Jarvis saves the birdlike Martian from the tentacled monstrosity.
The rescued creature refers to itself as Tweel.
Tweel accompanies Dick Jarvis on his trip back to the Ares.
Tweel manages to pick up some English.
Dick Jarvis is unable to make any sense of Tweel's language.
Tweel travels in tremendous, city-block-long leaps at first.
Tweel's long beak is buried in the ground at the end of its leaps.
Tweel walks beside Dick Jarvis upon seeing him trudge along.
Dick Jarvis and Tweel find a line of small pyramids made of silica bricks.
The small pyramids are tens of thousands of years old.
Each small pyramid is open at the top.
The pyramids slowly become larger and newer as Dick Jarvis and Tweel follow the line.
The pyramids are ten feet high when Dick Jarvis and Tweel reach the end of the line.
At the end of the line, Dick Jarvis and Tweel find a pyramid that is not open at the top.
A creature with gray scales, one arm, a mouth, and a pointed tail pushes its way out of the top of the pyramid.
The creature pulls itself several yards along the ground.
The creature plants itself in the ground by the tail.
The creature starts exhaling bricks from its mouth at ten-minute intervals.
The creature uses the bricks to build another pyramid around itself.
Dick Jarvis realizes that the creature is silicon-based rather than carbon-based.
The creature is neither animal, vegetable, nor mineral, but a little of each.
The strange combination of the creature produces the solid substance silica.
The creature builds itself in with the by-product.
The creature sleeps for an unknown length of time.
Dick Jarvis is feeling homesick for New York City.
Dick Jarvis thinks about Fancy Long, a woman he knows from the cast of the Yerba Mate Hour show.
Dick Jarvis sees Fancy Long standing by the canal.
Dick Jarvis begins to approach Fancy Long.
Tweel stops Dick Jarvis from approaching Fancy Long.
Tweel takes out a gun that fires poisoned glass needles.
Tweel shoots Fancy Long.
Fancy Long vanishes.
Fancy Long is replaced by one of the tentacled creatures that Dick Jarvis rescued Tweel from at their first meeting.
Dick Jarvis realizes that the tentacled creature lures its prey by projecting illusions into their minds.
Dick Jarvis and Tweel approach a city on the canal bank.
A barrel-like creature with four legs, four arms, and a circle of eyes around its waist passes by Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
The barrel creature is pushing an empty, coppery cart.
The barrel creature pays no attention to Dick Jarvis and Tweel as it goes by them.
Another barrel-like creature goes by Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
A third barrel-like creature goes by Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
Dick Jarvis stands in front of the third barrel-like creature.
The third barrel-like creature stops.
Dick Jarvis says, "We are friends."
The third barrel-like creature repeats the phrase from a diaphragm atop its body.
The third barrel-like creature says, "We are v-r-r-riends."
The third barrel-like creature pushes past Dick Jarvis.
The next barrel-like creature repeats the phrase as it goes by.
The next barrel-like creature also says, "We are v-r-r-riends! Ouch!"
The cart creatures start returning to the city with their carts full of stones, sand, and chunks of rubbery plants.
Dick Jarvis stands in front of one cart creature and refuses to move.
The cart creature tweaks Dick Jarvis' nose hard enough to make him jump aside and yell "Ouch."
Every cart creature that passes by after that says "We are v-r-r-riends! Ouch!"
Dick Jarvis and Tweel follow the cart creatures to their destination.
The destination is a mound with a tunnel leading down below it.
Dick Jarvis soon becomes lost in the network of tunnels.
Hours or days pass before Dick Jarvis and Tweel find themselves in a domed chamber near the surface.
In the domed chamber, Dick Jarvis and Tweel find the cart creatures depositing their loads beneath a wheel.
The wheel grinds the stones and plants into dust.
Some of the cart creatures step under the wheel themselves and are pulverized.
Beyond the wheel is a shining crystal on a pedestal.
When Dick Jarvis approaches the crystal, he feels a tingling in his hands and face.
A wart on Dick Jarvis' left thumb dries up and falls off when he approaches the crystal.
Dick Jarvis speculates that the crystal emits some form of radiation.
The radiation destroys diseased tissue but leaves healthy tissue unharmed.
The cart creatures suddenly begin attacking Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
Dick Jarvis and Tweel retreat up a corridor.
The corridor fortunately leads outside.
The cart creatures corner Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
Tweel stays by Dick Jarvis' side facing certain death.
The cart creatures are about to finish off Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
An auxiliary rocket from the Ares lands, destroying the cart creatures.
Dick Jarvis boards the rocket.
Tweel bounds away into the Martian horizon.
The rocket returns with Dick Jarvis to the Ares.
Dick Jarvis tells his story to the other three crew members.
Dick Jarvis is preoccupied with recalling the friendship and bond between Tweel and himself.
Captain Harrison expresses regret that they do not have the healing crystal.
Dick Jarvis admits that the cart creatures were attacking him because he took the healing crystal.
Dick Jarvis takes out the healing crystal and shows it to the others.