Gerard is married to Margaret Brandt.
Gerard sets off to Rome from Holland.
Gerard sets off to Rome in order to escape the persecution of a vicious burgomaster.
Gerard sets off to Rome in order to earn money for the support of his family.
Margaret awaits Gerard's return in Holland.
Margaret gives birth to Gerard's son.
Gerard is the favorite with his parents.
Gerard's two brothers are lazy and jealous.
Gerard's two brothers decide to divert Gerard from Holland.
Gerard's two brothers decide to receive a larger share of fortune after their parents' death.
Gerard's two brothers compose a letter to Gerard.
Gerard's two brothers dispatch a letter to Gerard.
The letter to Gerard informs him falsely that Margaret has died.
Gerard believes the news in the letter.
Gerard is stricken by grief.
Gerard gives himself to a dissolute life.
Gerard attempts suicide.
Gerard is saved from death by chance.
Gerard takes vows.
Gerard becomes a Dominican friar.
Gerard preaches throughout Europe.
Gerard discovers that Margaret is alive while in Holland.
Gerard is afraid of temptation.
Gerard becomes a hermit in order to shun Margaret.
Margaret discovers Gerard's hiding place.
Margaret convinces Gerard to come back to normal life.
Gerard becomes a vicar of a small town.
Gerard and Margaret no longer live as a man and wife.
Gerard and Margaret see each other several times a week.
A few years pass.
Gerard's son grows up.
Gerard's son is sent to a private school.
Plague breaks out at the school.
Margaret rushes to rescue her son.
Margaret contracts the disease herself.
Margaret dies shortly afterwards.
Gerard takes Margaret's demise painfully.
Gerard renounces his vicarship.
Gerard dies in a few weeks.
The author of The Cloister and the Hearth reveals that Margaret's and Gerard's son is named Gerard.
Margaret's and Gerard's son becomes the great Catholic scholar and Humanist, Erasmus of Rotterdam.
Erasmus of Rotterdam is a major historical figure.
Little is actually known about Erasmus' actual parentage.
Erasmus' parentage is apparently illegitimate.
Erasmus' parents are named Margaret Roger and Gerard.
Reade was apparently using his imagination to fill in some historical gaps in Erasmus' background.
The Cloister and the Hearth can easily be read as anti-Catholic.
The Cloister and the Hearth presents Catholic discipline regarding the celibate priesthood as an unsympathetic obstacle.
Catholic discipline regarding the celibate priesthood prevents Margaret's and Gerard's love from continuing to be consummated.