This work describes the author's views on the afterlife against the prevailing view of the Greco-Romans of his day.
The author asserts that Hades is a place in the world not regularly finished.
Hades is a subterraneous region.
The light of this world does not shine in Hades.
There must be perpetual darkness in Hades.
Hades is allotted as a place of custody for souls.
Angels are appointed as guardians to souls in Hades.
Angels distribute temporary punishments to souls in Hades.
The temporary punishments are agreeable to every soul's behavior and manners.
The author describes Hades as having a lake of unquenchable fire.
God prepared the lake of unquenchable fire for a future date of judgment.
Both the just and unjust dead are confined in separate portions of Hades.
All dead go through a gate guarded by an archangel with a host.
The just are guided to the right hand toward a region of light called the Bosom of Abraham.
The unjust are violently forced toward the left hand by angels.
The place for the unjust is characterized by fire.
The place for the unjust emits hot vapor.
The unjust can see the just but cannot pass over to them.
A chaos deep and large serves as a barrier between the just and unjust.
The author assures the Greeks he is addressing that God will resurrect the dead.
God will raise again the bodies of the dead.
God will not transmigrate the souls of the dead to different bodies.
The author likens the dead body to sown seed.
The author likens the dead body to material cast into a potter's furnace.
The dead body will be formed again.
When clothed with their pure resurrected bodies, the just will no longer be subject to disease or misery.
The unjust will receive their bodies unchanged.
The unjust will retain their original diseases.
All just and unjust will be brought before Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ will come as Judge.
The author dismisses Minos and Rhadamanthus as arbiters of mankind's fate.
Christ will exercise the righteous judgment of the Father towards all men.
The wicked will receive everlasting punishment.
The righteous will receive eternal bliss.
The author exhorts his audience to believe in God.
Believing in God allows participation in the reward of the just.
The final paragraph quotes an alleged saying of Christ.
The alleged saying of Christ is "In whatsoever ways I shall find you, in them shall I judge you entirely."
If a person living a virtuous life falls into sin, his virtue will not help him escape punishment.
A wicked person who repents in time may still recover as from a distemper.