Much of the action of this short novel takes place in the rickety old stage-coach of Pierrotin.
The stage-coach regularly carries passengers and goods between Paris and Val-d'Oise.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy is travelling incognito on one trip from Paris.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy is a senator and wealthy aristocrat.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy is investigating reports about Monsieur Moreau.
Monsieur Moreau is the steward of Comte Hugret de Sérizy's country estate at Presles.
Monsieur Moreau is being less than honest in his dealings on behalf of Comte Hugret de Sérizy.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy wishes to buy a piece of land from Margueron.
Margueron is a neighbouring landowner.
Among the count's fellow passengers is Oscar Husson.
Oscar Husson is a young good-for-nothing mummy's boy.
Oscar Husson is being sent to Monsieur Moreau.
Oscar Husson's mother hopes that a position can be found for him.
Georges Marest is travelling to L'Isle-Adam.
Georges Marest is the second clerk of Comte Hugret de Sérizy's Parisian notary Crottat.
Joseph Bridau is a young artist.
Joseph Bridau is accompanied by his young colleague Léon Didas y Lora.
Léon Didas y Lora is nicknamed Mistigris.
Père Léger is a rich farmer from Val-d'Oise.
Père Léger is leasing the land which Comte Hugret de Sérizy wishes to buy from Margueron.
Père Léger is hoping to buy the land himself.
Père Léger intends to sell the land piecemeal at a significant profit to Comte Hugret de Sérizy.
Georges Marest amuses himself by pretending to be Colonel Czerni-Georges.
Colonel Czerni-Georges is a young nobleman with a distinguished military career.
The fellow travellers are impressed by Georges Marest's pretense.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy sees through Georges Marest's pretense.
Georges Marest passes himself off as the celebrated artist Heinrich Schinner.
Oscar Husson pretends to be a close acquaintance of Comte Hugret de Sérizy and his son.
Oscar Husson divulges several private and embarrassing details about Comte Hugret de Sérizy.
Oscar Husson could only have learned the details from his godparents the Moreaus.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy overhears a conversation in which Père Léger describes how he and Monsieur Moreau are conspiring to buy the land.
Père Léger and Monsieur Moreau intend to sell the land to Comte Hugret de Sérizy at an inflated price.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy arrives at Presles.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy dismisses Monsieur Moreau.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy dismisses Monsieur Moreau for revealing personal details about himself and his wife.
Oscar Husson is forced to return to Paris.
Oscar Husson seeks a living by some other means.
Oscar Husson obtains a license.
Oscar Husson becomes a clerk in the law office of Desroches in Paris.
Godeschal trains Oscar Husson.
Oscar Husson renews his acquaintance with Georges Marest.
Georges Marest is actually related to Oscar Husson.
Oscar Husson applies himself diligently to both his studies and his clerkly duties for some time.
Oscar Husson spoils everything by another indiscretion.
Oscar Husson's second indiscretion is much more serious than the first.
Oscar Husson gambles away five hundred francs.
Oscar Husson was given the five hundred francs to transact an important legal matter.
Oscar Husson's hopes are ruined for a second time.
Oscar Husson is forced to abandon law.
Oscar Husson enters military service.
Oscar Husson surprises everybody and becomes a successful soldier.
Oscar Husson joins the cavalry regiment of the Duc de Maufrigneuse.
Oscar Husson joins the cavalry regiment of the Vicomte de Sérizy.
The Vicomte de Sérizy is the son of Comte Hugret de Sérizy.
Oscar Husson claimed to be acquainted with the Vicomte de Sérizy in the coach on the road to L'Isle-Adam.
The dauphiness and Abbé Gaudron obtain promotion and a decoration for Oscar Husson.
Oscar Husson becomes aide-de-camp to La Fayette.
Oscar Husson becomes a captain.
Oscar Husson becomes an officer of the Legion of Honor.
Oscar Husson becomes a lieutenant-colonel.
A noteworthy deed makes Oscar Husson famous on Algerian territory during the affair of La Macta.
Oscar Husson loses his left arm rescuing the mortally wounded Vicomte de Sérizy from the battlefield.
The Vicomte de Sérizy dies shortly afterwards.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy is grateful to Oscar Husson.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy forgives Oscar Husson for his earlier indiscretion.
Oscar Husson is put on half-pay.
Oscar Husson obtains the post of collector for Beaumont-sur-Oise.
At the end of the novel, Oscar Husson and his mother are taking the Pierrotin coach to L'Isle-Adam.
Oscar Husson and his mother are en route to Beaumont-sur-Oise.
Oscar Husson and his mother find themselves in the company of several witnesses or accomplices of Oscar Husson's earlier indiscretions.
Georges Marest has lost a fortune worth thirty thousand francs a year by debauchery.
Georges Marest is now a poor insurance-broker.
Père Léger is now married to the daughter of the new steward of Presles.
The new steward of Presles is Reybert.
Joseph Bridau is now a celebrated artist.
Joseph Bridau is married to Père Léger's daughter.
Monsieur Moreau has risen to high political office.
Georges Marest begins to blab about the Moreaus.
Oscar Husson is now travelling incognito.
Oscar Husson rebukes Georges Marest.
Oscar Husson reminds Georges Marest of the dangers of not holding one's tongue in a public conveyance.
Georges Marest recognizes Oscar Husson.
Georges Marest renews his acquaintance with Oscar Husson.
In 1838, Oscar Husson becomes engaged to Georgette Pierrotin.
Georgette Pierrotin is the daughter of Pierrotin.
Pierrotin now owns the business that runs the stage-coaches between Paris and Val-d'Oise.
Balzac draws a moral at the close of the novel.
The adventure of the journey to Presles was a lesson to Oscar Husson in discretion.
Oscar Husson's disaster at Florentine's card-party strengthened him in honesty and uprightness.
The hardships of Oscar Husson's military career taught him to understand the social hierarchy.
The hardships of Oscar Husson's military career taught him to yield obedience to his lot.
Oscar Husson becomes wise and capable.
Oscar Husson was happy.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy obtained for Oscar Husson the collectorship at Pontoise before his death.
The influence of Monsieur Moreau de l'Oise secured a receiver-generalship for Oscar Husson.
The influence of the Comtesse de Sérizy secured a receiver-generalship for Oscar Husson.
The influence of the Baron de Canalis secured a receiver-generalship for Oscar Husson.
The Camusot family now recognizes Oscar Husson as a relation.
Oscar Husson is a commonplace man.
Oscar Husson is gentle.
Oscar Husson is without assumption.
Oscar Husson is modest.
Oscar Husson always keeps to a middle course.
Oscar Husson excites neither envy nor contempt.
Oscar Husson is the modern bourgeois.