The book is set in the 17th century.
The book is set in the Badgworthy Water region of Exmoor in Devon and Somerset, England.
John Ridd is the son of a respectable farmer.
John Ridd's father was murdered in cold blood by one of the notorious Doone clan.
The Doone clan is a once noble family.
The Doone clan is now outlaws.
The Doone clan resides in the isolated Doone Valley.
John Ridd battles his desire for revenge.
John Ridd grows into a respectable farmer.
John Ridd takes good care of his mother.
John Ridd takes good care of his two sisters.
John Ridd falls hopelessly in love with Lorna.
John Ridd meets Lorna by accident.
Lorna is the granddaughter of Sir Ensor Doone.
Sir Ensor Doone is the lord of the Doones.
Lorna is destined to marry Carver Doone against her will.
Carver Doone is the heir of the Doone Valley.
Carver Doone is impetuous.
Carver Doone is menacing.
Carver Doone is jealous.
Carver Doone will let nothing get in the way of his marriage to Lorna.
Carver Doone plans to force marriage upon Lorna once Sir Ensor dies.
Carver Doone will come into his inheritance after Sir Ensor dies.
Sir Ensor dies.
Carver Doone becomes lord of the Doones.
John Ridd helps Lorna escape to his family's farm, Plover's Barrows.
Lorna is a member of the hated Doone clan.
Feelings toward Lorna are mixed in the Ridd household.
Lorna is defended against Carver Doone's retaliatory attack on the farm.
A member of the Ridd household notices Lorna's necklace.
Lorna's necklace is a jewel that Sir Ensor told her belonged to her mother.
During a visit from the Counsellor, the necklace is stolen from Plover's Barrows.
A family friend discovers Lorna's origins.
The family friend learns that the necklace belonged to Lady Dugal.
Lady Dugal was robbed and murdered by a band of outlaws.
Only Lady Dugal's daughter survived the attack.
Lorna is evidently the long-lost girl in question.
Lorna is in fact the heiress to one of the largest fortunes in the country.
Lorna is not a Doone after all.
The Doones are remotely related to Lorna.
The Doones are descended from a collateral branch of the Dugal family.
Lorna is required by law to return to London.
Lorna is required by law to become a ward in Chancery.
Lorna's return to London is against her will.
John Ridd and Lorna's marriage is out of the question.
King Charles II dies.
The Duke of Monmouth is the late king's illegitimate son.
The Duke of Monmouth challenges Charles's brother James for the throne.
The Doones abandon their plan to marry Lorna to Carver.
The Doones abandon their plan to claim Lorna's wealth.
The Doones side with Monmouth in the hope of reclaiming their ancestral lands.
Monmouth is defeated at the Battle of Sedgemoor.
Monmouth's associates are sought for treason.
John Ridd is captured during the revolution.
John Ridd is innocent of all charges.
An old friend takes John Ridd to London to clear his name.
John Ridd is reunited with Lorna in London.
Lorna is now Lorna Dugal.
Lorna's love for John Ridd has not diminished.
John Ridd thwarts an attack on Lorna's great-uncle.
Lorna's great-uncle is Earl Brandir.
John Ridd is granted a pardon by the king.
John Ridd is granted a title by the king.
John Ridd is granted a coat of arms by the king.
John Ridd returns a free man to Exmoor.
The surrounding communities have grown tired of the Doones.
John Ridd knows the Doones better than any other man.
John Ridd leads the attack on the Doones' land.
All the Doone men are killed.
The Counsellor is not killed in the attack.
John Ridd retrieves the stolen necklace from the Counsellor.
Carver Doone escapes from the attack.
Carver Doone vows revenge.
Earl Brandir dies.
Judge Jeffreys becomes Lorna's guardian.
Judge Jeffreys is the Lord Chancellor.
Lorna is granted her freedom to return to Exmoor.
Lorna is granted her freedom to marry John Ridd.
Carver Doone bursts into the church at Oare during John Ridd and Lorna's wedding.
Carver Doone shoots Lorna.
Carver Doone flees after shooting Lorna.
John Ridd is distraught after Lorna is shot.
John Ridd is filled with blinding rage after Lorna is shot.
John Ridd pursues Carver Doone.
John Ridd confronts Carver Doone.
A struggle ensues between John Ridd and Carver Doone.
Carver Doone is left sinking in a mire.
John Ridd is exhausted after the fight.
John Ridd is bloodied from the fight.
John Ridd watches Carver Doone slip away.
John Ridd returns to discover that Lorna is not dead.
Lorna survives after a period of anxious uncertainty.
Lorna lives happily ever after.