Gabriel Crasweller is Britannula's oldest citizen.
Gabriel Crasweller was born in 1913.
Gabriel Crasweller emigrated from New Zealand when Gabriel Crasweller was a young man.
Gabriel Crasweller was instrumental in building the new republic.
Gabriel Crasweller was part of a group of similar-minded men.
John Neverbend is ten years younger than Gabriel Crasweller.
John Neverbend is serving his term as President of Britannula.
Gabriel Crasweller voted in favour of the law which introduced the "Fixed Period."
Gabriel Crasweller gradually becomes more pensive as the day of his deposition approaches.
John Neverbend has long been planning the day of Gabriel Crasweller's deposition.
John Neverbend envisages the day of Gabriel Crasweller's deposition as a day of triumph.
John Neverbend believes that mankind and civilisation will move an enormous step forward towards perfection on the day of Gabriel Crasweller's deposition.
John Neverbend hopes that his name will go down in the annals of history as one of the great reformers.
John Neverbend considers it unfortunate that Gabriel Crasweller does not show any signs of old age.
Gabriel Crasweller is healthy and vigorous.
Gabriel Crasweller's mental abilities have not started to deteriorate in any way.
Gabriel Crasweller is more than capable of managing his own affairs.
Gabriel Crasweller is more than capable of earning his living.
Gabriel Crasweller starts lying about his age.
Gabriel Crasweller claims that he was born a year later than 1913.
John Neverbend realizes that measures must be taken to ensure the smooth execution of the Law.
Other elderly citizens realize what the state has in store for them.
Various individuals have come up with all kinds of excuses and plans to oppose their deposition.
Abraham Grundle is one of the young Senators.
Abraham Grundle is engaged to Gabriel Crasweller's daughter Eva.
Abraham Grundle only wants to inherit Gabriel Crasweller's fortune as soon as possible.
Jack Neverbend turns against John Neverbend.
Sarah Neverbend turns against John Neverbend.
John Neverbend considers it his duty as President to have Gabriel Crasweller deposited.
John Neverbend considers it his duty as a law-abiding citizen to have Gabriel Crasweller deposited.
Gabriel Crasweller yields to John Neverbend's arguments.
Gabriel Crasweller stoically accepts his fate.
The carriage that is to transport Gabriel Crasweller and John Neverbend to the College is held up in the streets of Gladstonopolis.
British armed forces have arrived on a warship of enormous dimensions.
British armed forces threaten to destroy the whole city with their "250-lb swivel gun."
British armed forces compel John Neverbend to release Gabriel Crasweller.
John Neverbend is compelled to step down as President.
Britannula is re-annexed by Great Britain.
A Governor is installed in Britannula.
John Neverbend is forced to return to England.
John Neverbend commits to paper the recent history of Britannula.
John Neverbend finishes writing the recent history of Britannula only two days before his arrival in England.
John Neverbend plans to write another, more theoretical book on the "Fixed Period."
John Neverbend plans to preach to the English about the necessary step in the progress of mankind.
John Neverbend realizes that he does not know whether he will be treated with respect in the old country.
John Neverbend realizes that he does not know whether he will ever be able to return to Britannula.