Ursula Brangwen is a sister.
Gudrun Brangwen is a sister.
Ursula Brangwen and Gudrun Brangwen live in The Midlands in England in the 1910s.
Ursula Brangwen is a teacher.
Gudrun Brangwen is an artist.
Ursula Brangwen and Gudrun Brangwen meet two men.
Rupert Birkin is a school inspector.
Gerald Crich is a coal-mine heir.
Rupert Birkin and Gerald Crich live nearby.
Ursula Brangwen, Gudrun Brangwen, Rupert Birkin, and Gerald Crich become friends.
Ursula Brangwen and Rupert Birkin become involved.
Gudrun Brangwen and Gerald Crich eventually begin a love affair.
All four individuals are deeply concerned with questions of society.
All four individuals are deeply concerned with questions of politics.
All four individuals are deeply concerned with the relationship between men and women.
Diana is Gerald's sister.
Diana drowns at a party at Gerald's estate.
Gudrun Brangwen becomes the teacher and mentor of Gerald's youngest sister.
Gerald's coal-mine-owning father dies after a long illness.
Gerald goes to Gudrun Brangwen's house after the funeral.
Gerald spends the night with Gudrun Brangwen while Gudrun Brangwen's parents sleep in another room.
Birkin asks Ursula Brangwen to marry him.
Ursula Brangwen agrees to marry Birkin.
Gerald Crich and Gudrun Brangwen's relationship becomes stormy.
The two couples holiday in the Alps.
Gudrun Brangwen begins an intense friendship with Loerke.
Loerke is a physically puny but emotionally commanding artist from Dresden.
Gerald Crich becomes enraged by Loerke.
Gerald Crich becomes enraged by Gudrun Brangwen's verbal abuse.
Gerald Crich becomes enraged by Gudrun Brangwen's rejection of his manhood.
Gerald Crich is driven by his own internal violence.
Gerald Crich tries to strangle Gudrun Brangwen.
Gerald Crich realizes that killing Gudrun Brangwen is not what he wants.
Gerald Crich leaves Gudrun Brangwen and Loerke.
Gerald Crich climbs the mountain.
Gerald Crich eventually slips into a snowy valley.
Gerald Crich falls asleep in the snowy valley.
Gerald Crich freezes to death.
The impact of Gerald Crich's death upon Birkin is profound.
The novel ends a few weeks after Gerald Crich's death.
Birkin tries to explain to Ursula Brangwen that he needs Gerald Crich.
Birkin tries to explain to Ursula Brangwen that he needs her.
Birkin needs Ursula Brangwen for the perfect relationship with a woman.
Birkin needs Gerald Crich for the perfect relationship with a man.