The novel begins with an unnamed narrator's arrival in Medicine Bow, Wyoming.
The unnamed narrator arrives in Medicine Bow, Wyoming, from back East.
The unnamed narrator encounters an impressively tall and handsome stranger.
The stranger proves adept at roping horses.
The stranger proves adept at facing down a gambler named Trampas.
Trampas calls the stranger a sonofabitch.
At the time, the word sonofabitch was an unacceptable insult in any society, except between joking friends.
The stranger lays a pistol on the table.
The stranger gently threatens Trampas by saying, "When you call me that, smile!".
The stranger is known only as the Virginian.
The Virginian turns out to be the unnamed narrator's escort to Judge Henry's ranch in Sunk Creek, Wyoming.
The unnamed narrator and the Virginian travel 263 miles to the ranch.
The unnamed narrator is nicknamed the "tenderfoot".
The unnamed narrator and the Virginian begin to come to know one another.
The tenderfoot slowly begins to understand the nature of life in the West.
The nature of life in the West is very different from what the tenderfoot expected.
This meeting is the beginning of a lifelong friendship.
This meeting is the starting point of the unnamed narrator's recounting of key episodes in the life of the Virginian.
The novel revolves around the Virginian and the life he lives.
The novel describes the Virginian's conflict with his enemy, Trampas.
The novel describes the Virginian's romance with the pretty schoolteacher, Molly Stark Wood.
Owen Wister weaves a tale of action, violence, hate, revenge, love, and friendship.
In one scene, the Virginian is forced to participate in the hanging of an admitted cattle thief.
The admitted cattle thief had been the Virginian's close friend.
The hanging is represented as a necessary response to the government's corruption and lack of action.
The Virginian feels the hanging to be a horrible duty.
The Virginian is especially stricken by the bravery with which the thief faces his fate.
The heavy burden that the act of hanging places on the Virginian's heart forms the emotional core of the story.
A fatal shootout resolves the ongoing conflict with Trampas.
The ongoing conflict with Trampas lasts five years.
Trampas shoots first in a duel.
The Virginian shoots Trampas in self-defense.
The Virginian leaves to marry his young bride.
The Virginian and Molly ride off together to spend a month in the mountains.
The Virginian and Molly journey back East to Vermont to meet her family.
The immediate Wood family receives the Virginian and Molly a bit stiffly.
Molly's great-aunt warmly receives the Virginian and Molly.
The new couple return to Wyoming.
The Virginian is made a partner of Judge Henry's ranch.
The book ends noting that the Virginian became an important man in the territory.
The Virginian has a happy family.
In 1908, Owen Wister defends the actual Virginian named Charles D Skirden.
Charles D Skirden is a police officer in Philadelphia, PA.
Charles D Skirden is accused of the murder of John Bradley.
John Bradley is a member of the Shamokin Street Gang.
John Bradley is murdered in November 1908.
John Bradley is the son of James Bradley.
John Bradley is the son of Letitia Gallagher.
Letitia Gallagher is the daughter of Squire Patrick Gallagher.
Charles D Skirden is arrested at the family's behest.
Owen Wister and others come to Charles D Skirden's aid.
Charles D Skirden takes charge of a game preserve in Long Island in 1911.