The novel is based on the fictional "Everhard Manuscript."
The "Everhard Manuscript" was written by Avis Everhard.
Avis Everhard hid the "Everhard Manuscript."
The "Everhard Manuscript" was found centuries later.
The novel has an introduction written by scholar Anthony Meredith.
Anthony Meredith writes from around 2600 AD or 419 B.O.M.
Jack London writes at two levels in the novel.
Anthony Meredith condescendingly corrects the errors of Avis Everhard.
Jack London exposes the often incomplete understanding of the distant future perspective.
Meredith's introduction acts as a deliberate "spoiler."
The term "spoiler" did not exist at the time of writing.
The reader is told that all struggles and hopes of Avis Everhard and Ernest Everhard would end in total failure and repression.
Avis Everhard and Ernest Everhard would be summarily executed.
The narrative gives the air of a foreordained tragedy.
A happy end would come for humanity as a whole.
The happy end would come hundreds of years too late for Avis Everhard and Ernest Everhard as individuals.
The cruel oligarchy would fall.
Avis Everhard and Ernest Everhard will be vindicated and respected by posterity as pioneers and martyrs.
The "Everhard Manuscript" covers the years 1912 through 1932.
The Oligarchy, also known as the "Iron Heel," arose in the United States.
Japan conquered East Asia and created its own empire.
India gained independence during the years covered by the "Everhard Manuscript."
Europe became socialist during the years covered by the "Everhard Manuscript."
Canada, Mexico, and Cuba formed their own Oligarchies.
Canada, Mexico, and Cuba were aligned with the United States.
Jack London remains silent about the fates of South America, Africa, and the Middle East.
The Oligarchy maintains power in North America for three centuries.
The Revolution succeeds and ushers in the Brotherhood of Man.
The First Revolt is described during the years of the novel.
Preparations for the Second Revolt are discussed during the years of the novel.
From the perspective of Avis Everhard, the imminent Second Revolt is sure to succeed.
From the distant future perspective of Anthony Meredith, Everhard's hopes were to be crushed for centuries to come.
The Oligarchy consists of the largest monopoly trusts or robber barons.
The Oligarchy manages to squeeze out the middle class by bankrupting most small to mid-sized businesses.
The Oligarchy reduces all farmers to effective serfdom.
The Oligarchy maintains power through a labor caste and the Mercenaries.
Labor in essential industries like steel and rail is elevated.
Labor in essential industries like steel and rail is given decent wages, housing, and education.
The tragic turn in the novel is the treachery of favored unions.
The favored unions break with the other unions.
The favored unions side with the Oligarchy.
A second military caste is formed, known as the Mercenaries.
The Mercenaries are officially the army of the United States.
The Mercenaries are in fact in the employ of the Oligarchs.
Asgard is the name of a fictional wonder-city.
Asgard is constructed by the Oligarchy to be admired and appreciated.
Thousands of proletarians live in poverty in Asgard.
Proletarians in Asgard are used whenever a public work needs to be completed.
Public works include the building of levees or canals.
The "Everhard Manuscript" is Avis Everhard's autobiography.
Avis Everhard tells of her privileged childhood as the daughter of an accomplished scientist.
Avis Everhard tells of her marriage to the socialist revolutionary Ernest Everhard.
Avis Everhard tells of the fall of the US republic.
Avis Everhard tells of her years in the underground resistance from the First Revolt through the years leading to the Second Revolt.
The story of Avis Everhard is an adventurous tale heavily strewn with social commentary of an alternate future.
The future perspective of scholar Anthony Meredith deepens the tragic plight of Avis Everhard and her revolutionary comrades.