This text is a book in two parts.
The first part is titled "The Enigma of Innocent Smith."
The second part is titled "The Explanations of Innocent Smith."
The first part concerns the arrival of a new tenant at Beacon House.
Beacon House is a London boarding establishment.
The new tenant is tentatively identified by lodger Arthur Inglewood as an ex-schoolmate named Innocent Smith.
Innocent Smith is accompanied by a great wind.
Innocent Smith breathes new life into the household with his games and antics.
Innocent Smith creates the High Court of Beacon during his first day in residence.
Innocent Smith arranges to elope with Mary Gray.
Mary Gray is the paid companion to heiress Rosamund Hunt.
Innocent Smith inspires Arthur Inglewood to declare his love for Diana Duke.
Diana Duke is the landlady's niece.
Innocent Smith prompts a reconciliation between journalist Michael Moon and Rosamund Hunt.
Two doctors appear with awful news when the household is at its happiest.
Innocent Smith is wanted on charges of burglary.
Innocent Smith is wanted on charges of desertion of a spouse.
Innocent Smith is wanted on charges of polygamy.
Innocent Smith is wanted on charges of attempted murder.
Innocent Smith fires several shots from a revolver at Arthur Inglewood's friend Dr. Herbert Warner.
The act of firing shots seems to confirm the worst about Innocent Smith.
Michael Moon declares that the case falls under the purview of the High Court of Beacon.
Michael Moon suggests that the household investigate the matter before involving the authorities.
Michael Moon suggests that the household investigate the matter before involving the press.
The prosecution in the trial consists of Moses Gould.
Moses Gould is a merrily cynical Jew who lives at Beacon House.
Moses Gould considers Innocent Smith at best a fool.
Moses Gould considers Innocent Smith at worst a scoundrel.
The prosecution in the trial also consists of Dr. Cyrus Pym.
Dr. Cyrus Pym is an American criminal specialist.
Dr. Cyrus Pym is called in by Dr. Herbert Warner.
Michael Moon acts for the defence in the trial.
Arthur Inglewood acts for the defence in the trial.
The evidence consists of correspondence from people who witnessed the exploits that led to the charges against Innocent Smith.
In every case, Innocent Smith is revealed to be innocent.
Innocent Smith fires bullets near people to make them value life.
The house Innocent Smith breaks into is his own.
Innocent Smith travels around the world only to return with renewed appreciation for his house and family.
The women Innocent Smith absconded with are actually his wife Mary.
Mary poses as a spinster under different aliases.
Mary and Innocent Smith may repeatedly re-enact their courtship.
Innocent Smith is acquitted on all charges.