Georgie Burgess is seven and a half years old.
Georgie Burgess lives in Tampa, Florida.
Georgie Burgess's mother and her boyfriend abuse Georgie Burgess savagely.
Georgie Burgess keeps the beatings a secret.
Georgie Burgess gets in trouble at school.
Georgie Burgess hasn't learned to read.
Georgie Burgess loves looking at a book with pictures of flowers.
Georgie Burgess's life changes after he wins a rosebush at a supermarket contest.
Georgie Burgess's mother's boyfriend beats Georgie Burgess severely.
Police remove Georgie Burgess from his dangerous home.
Georgie Burgess's unplanted rosebush comes with him.
Georgie Burgess is placed temporarily with Mrs. Sims.
Mrs. Sims is a cashier from the supermarket.
Georgie Burgess is increasingly worried about finding a home for his rosebush.
Georgie Burgess is placed in a Catholic boys' boarding school.
Georgie Burgess is convinced that his rosebush belongs in the garden of the neighbors across the road.
Principal Sister Mary Angela tries to convince Georgie Burgess to plant the rosebush elsewhere.
Georgie Burgess sneaks out at night to plant his rosebush in the neighbor's garden.
Molly Harper is the infuriated neighbor.
Molly Harper rips the bush out of her garden.
Molly Harper returns the bush to the school.
Molly Harper demands to see the principal.
Georgie Burgess returns to the garden with the bush.
Georgie Burgess discovers that he has accidentally crushed the lilies planted for Molly Harper by her husband.
Mrs. Harper confronts Georgie Burgess.
Mrs. Harper threatens to burn Georgie Burgess's rosebush if he plants it again.
Mrs. Harper softens upon glimpsing the infected wounds on Georgie Burgess's back.
Georgie Burgess becomes ill during the confrontation.
Georgie Burgess lapses into unconsciousness.
Mrs. Harper arranges to have the rosebush replanted in her garden.
Mrs. Harper visits Georgie Burgess often.
Georgie Burgess is unable to forgive Mrs. Harper.
Georgie Burgess refuses to see Mrs. Harper.
Georgie Burgess forms a friendship with Timothy.
Sister Mary Angela calls Timothy her "public relations" boy.
Timothy explains that Mrs. Harper's husband was recently killed in a car accident.
Timothy explains that Mrs. Harper's elder son, Paul, was recently killed in a car accident.
Mrs. Harper's grief makes it difficult for her to be around boys the age of her dead son.
Georgie Burgess becomes friends with Mrs. Harper's younger son, Robin.
Robin has severe cognitive impairments.
Georgie Burgess's grandfather is Mr. Collier.
Mr. Collier helps Georgie Burgess learn to read.
Georgie Burgess tries to teach Robin to speak.
Georgie Burgess tries to teach Robin to feed the ducks.
Georgie Burgess becomes closer to the Harper family.
Georgie Burgess plays with Robin.
Georgie Burgess joins the gardener as his apprentice.
Georgie Burgess is still unable to forgive Mrs. Harper for threatening his rosebush.
Georgie Burgess takes Robin to the pond to feed the ducks.
All the ducks follow Robin.
Robin is holding bread.
Robin falls into the pond.
Robin drowns.
Georgie Burgess decides to plant his rosebush on Robin's grave.
Georgie Burgess does not plant his rosebush in the garden.
Mrs. Harper and Georgie Burgess start to connect over his decision.
Mrs. Harper and Georgie Burgess head back toward the school.
Sister Mary Angela holds auditions for the choir.
Georgie Burgess is proud to find he is a good singer with perfect pitch.
Mrs. Harper brings Robin to the chapel to hear the choir.
Georgie Burgess begins to feel sympathy for Mrs. Harper.
Georgie Burgess cannot bring himself to join the new dramatics class.
Georgie Burgess learns that Mrs. Harper will be teaching the new dramatics class.
Georgie Burgess watches every class from the audience seats.
Georgie Burgess learns each role by heart from a distance.
Another boy backs out of the dramatics class.
Georgie Burgess steps in to play the Mad Hatter.
Mrs. Harper plays the part of Alice in the tea party scene from Alice in Wonderland.
Georgie Burgess speaks to Mrs. Harper in character.
Georgie Burgess finds he is able to speak to Mrs. Harper face to face.
Georgie Burgess resolves to ask Mrs. Harper if she is his real mother the next day.