The book is Tristram's narration of his life story.
Tristram cannot explain anything simply.
Tristram must make explanatory diversions to add context and colour to his tale.
Tristram's own birth is not reached until Volume III.
Apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Walter, Tristram's father.
Apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Tristram's mother.
Apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Uncle Toby.
Apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Toby's servant Trim.
Apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are the chambermaid Susannah.
Apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Doctor Slop.
Apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are the parson Yorick.
Yorick later became Sterne's favourite nom de plume.
Yorick was a very successful publicity stunt.
Yorick is the protagonist of Sterne's second work of fiction A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy.
Most of the action is concerned with domestic upsets or misunderstandings.
Domestic upsets or misunderstandings find humour in the opposing temperaments of Walter and Uncle Toby.
Walter is splenetic.
Walter is rational.
Walter is somewhat sarcastic.
Uncle Toby is gentle.
Uncle Toby is uncomplicated.
Uncle Toby is a lover of his fellow man.
Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on sexual practices.
Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on insults.
Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on the influence of one's name.
Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on noses.
Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on explorations of obstetrics.
Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on siege warfare.
Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on philosophy.
Tristram struggles to marshal his material.
Tristram struggles to finish the story of his life.
Tristram is always present as narrator and commentator.
The book contains little of Tristram's life.
The book contains the story of a trip through France.
The book contains accounts of four comical mishaps.
The four comical mishaps shaped the course of Tristram's life from an early age.
Tristram's implantation within his mother's womb was disturbed while he was still only a homunculus.
At the very moment of procreation, Tristram's mother asked Tristram's father if he had remembered to wind the clock.
The distraction and annoyance led to the disruption of the proper balance of humours necessary to conceive a well-favoured child.
One of Tristram's father's pet theories was that a large and attractive nose was important to a man making his way in life.
In a difficult birth, Tristram's nose was crushed by Dr. Slop's forceps.
Another of Tristram's father's theories was that a person's name exerted enormous influence over that person's nature and fortunes.
The worst possible name according to Tristram's father's theory was Tristram.
Tristram's father decreed that the boy would receive an especially auspicious name, Trismegistus.
Susannah mangled the name Trismegistus in conveying it to the curate.
The child was christened Tristram.
According to Tristram's father's theory, Tristram's name doomed him to a life of woe.
According to Tristram's father's theory, Tristram's name cursed him with the inability to comprehend the causes of his misfortune.
As a toddler, Tristram suffered an accidental circumcision.
Susannah let a window sash fall as Tristram urinated out of the window.
Tristram's chamberpot was missing.