The plot focuses on the adventures of five Americans on an uncharted island in the South Pacific.
During the American Civil War, five northern prisoners of war decide to escape.
The escape occurs during the siege of Richmond, Virginia.
The escapees hijack a balloon.
The escapees are Cyrus Smith, a railroad engineer in the Union army.
Cyrus Smith is named Cyrus Harding in Kingston's version.
The second escapee is Neb, who is Cyrus Smith's ex-slave and loyal follower.
Neb is short for Nebuchadnezzar.
The third escapee is Bonadventure Pencroff, a sailor.
Bonadventure Pencroff is addressed only by his surname.
Bonadventure Pencroff is named Pencroft in Kingston's translation.
The fourth escapee is Harbert Brown, who is Cyrus Smith's protégé and adopted son.
Harbert Brown is called Herbert in some translations.
The fifth escapee is Gedéon Spilett, a journalist.
Gedéon Spilett is called Gideon Spilett in English versions.
The company is completed by Cyrus Smith's dog "Top".
The group crash-lands on a cliff-bound, volcanic, unknown island.
The island is located at 34°57′S 150°30′W.
The island is about 2,500 kilometres (1,600 mi) east of New Zealand.
The group names the island "Lincoln Island" in honor of their president, Abraham Lincoln.
Cyrus Smith has the knowledge to help the group sustain themselves on the island.
The group produces fire on the island.
The group produces pottery on the island.
The group produces bricks on the island.
The group produces nitroglycerin on the island.
The group produces iron on the island.
The group produces a simple electric telegraph on the island.
The group builds a home on a stony cliffside called "Granite House".
The group builds a seaworthy ship, which they name the "Bonadventure".
The ship is named "Bonadventure" in honor of Pencroff.
The group manages to figure out their geographical location.
During their stay on the island, the group endures bad weather.
The group domesticates an orangutan named Jupiter.
Jupiter is abbreviated to Jup.
There is a mystery on the island involving an unseen deus ex machina.
The unseen deus ex machina is responsible for Cyrus Smith's survival after falling from the balloon.
The unseen deus ex machina is responsible for the mysterious rescue of Top from a dugong.
The unseen deus ex machina is responsible for the appearance of a box of equipment.
The box of equipment contains guns and ammunition, tools, etc.
The group finds a message in a bottle.
The message in the bottle directs the group to rescue a castaway on nearby Tabor Island.
The castaway on Tabor Island is Tom Ayrton.
Tom Ayrton is from "In Search of the Castaways".
On the return voyage to Lincoln Island, the group loses their way in a tempest.
A mysterious fire beacon guides the group back to their course.
Ayrton's former companions arrive by chance on Lincoln Island.
Ayrton's former companions try to make Lincoln Island into their lair.
Ayrton's former companions fight with the protagonists.
The pirate ship is mysteriously destroyed by an explosion.
Six of the pirates survive the explosion.
The pirates kidnap Tom Ayrton.
When the colonists go to look for Tom Ayrton, the pirates shoot Harbert.
Harbert is seriously injured by the gunshot.
Harbert survives the gunshot injury.
Harbert suffers from his injury.
Harbert narrowly cheats death.
The colonists initially assume Tom Ayrton has been killed.
The colonists later find evidence that Tom Ayrton was not instantly killed.
It is possible for Tom Ayrton to be alive.
The colonists rashly attempt to return to Granite House before Harbert fully recovers.
Harbert contracts malaria.
Harbert is saved by a box of quinine sulphate.
The box of quinine sulphate mysteriously appears on the table in Granite House.
After Harbert recovers, the colonists attempt to rescue Tom Ayrton.
The colonists attempt to destroy the pirates.
The colonists discover Tom Ayrton at the sheepfold.
The pirates are found dead without any visible wounds.
The secret of the island is revealed to be Captain Nemo's hideout.
The island is the home port of the Nautilus.
Captain Nemo escaped the Maelstrom at the end of "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea".
The Nautilus sailed the oceans of the world until all its crew except Captain Nemo had died.
Captain Nemo is now an old man with a beard.
Captain Nemo returned the Nautilus to its secret port within Lincoln Island.
Captain Nemo had been the mysterious benefactor of the settlers.
Captain Nemo provided the settlers with the box of equipment.
Captain Nemo sent the message revealing Tom Ayrton's location.
Captain Nemo planted the mine that destroyed the pirate ship.
Captain Nemo killed the pirates with an "electric gun".
On his death bed, Captain Nemo reveals his true identity as the lost Indian Prince Dakkar.
Prince Dakkar is the son of a Raja of the then independent territory of Bundelkund.
Prince Dakkar is a nephew of the Indian hero Tippu-Sahib.
Prince Dakkar took part in the failed Indian Rebellion of 1857.
Prince Dakkar escaped to a deserted island with twenty of his compatriots.
Prince Dakkar commenced the building of the Nautilus.
Prince Dakkar adopted the new name of "Captain Nemo".
Captain Nemo tells his life story to Cyrus Smith and his friends.
Before he dies, Captain Nemo gives the colonists a box of diamonds and pearls as a keepsake.
Captain Nemo dies crying "God and my country!"
Captain Nemo's phrase is "Independence!" in Verne's original manuscript.
The Nautilus is scuttled.
The Nautilus serves as Captain Nemo's tomb.
The island's central volcano erupts.
The eruption destroys the island.
Jup the orangutan falls into a crack in the ground.
Jup the orangutan dies.
The colonists are forewarned of the eruption by Captain Nemo.
The colonists find themselves safe but stranded on the last remaining piece of the island above sea level.
The colonists are rescued by the ship Duncan.
The ship Duncan had come to rescue Tom Ayrton.
The ship Duncan was redirected by a message Captain Nemo had previously left on Tabor Island.
After the colonists return to the United States, they form a new colony in Iowa.
The colonists use Captain Nemo's gift in their new colony.
The colonists live happily ever after.