Dr. Randall Forth is desperate to discover a cure for the cyclical 48-year-fever.
The cyclical 48-year-fever is known as Trailmen’s fever.
Dr. Randall Forth persuades Dr. Jay Allison to undergo hypnosis.
Dr. Randall Forth calls forth a secondary personality named Jason Allison.
Jason Allison is gregarious.
Jason Allison is an experienced mountain climber.
Dr. Jay Allison is a cold man.
Dr. Jay Allison is a clinical man.
Dr. Jay Allison has no outdoor skills.
Jason Allison is asked to lead an expedition into the Hellers.
The purpose of the expedition is to collect medical volunteers from among the Trailmen.
Rafe Scott accompanies Jason Allison on the expedition.
Regis Hastur accompanies Jason Allison on the expedition.
Kyla Raineach accompanies Jason Allison on the expedition.
Kyla Raineach is a Renunciate guide.
Several others accompany Jason Allison on the expedition.
During the trip, Jay Allison yo-yos between his two personalities.
One personality of Jay Allison is warm and charming.
The other personality of Jay Allison is distant and clinical.
Jason Allison, the warm personality, falls in love with Kyla Raineach.
The party is attacked on the trail by a party of hostile Trailwomen.
As a result of the attack, the Jay personality reappears.
The Jay personality is considerably more formal than the Jason personality.
When the party reaches the Trailmen nest, Jay/Jason is recognized.
The party is invited into the Trailmen’s tree habitat.
The Old Ones of the Sky People inquire why Jay/Jason has brought an armed party of humans to their nest.
Jay/Jason explains his mission to find a remedy for 48-year-fever.
Jay/Jason introduces Regis Hastur to the Old Ones.
Regis Hastur pleads for the Sky People’s assistance.
One hundred Trailmen volunteer.
The party returns to the Terran Trade City with volunteers.
Some months later, a serum is developed for the treatment of 48-year-fever.
Regis Hastur arrives to congratulate Jay/Jason Allison.
The exposure to Regis reminds Jay/Jason of the expedition.
The exposure to Regis causes Jay/Jason to merge into a third personality.
The third personality is more stable than the previous personalities.