Lambert Strether is a middle-aged man from Woollett, Massachusetts.
Lambert Strether is not broadly experienced.
Lambert Strether agrees to assume a mission for his wealthy fiancée.
Lambert Strether's mission is to go to Paris and rescue Chad Newsome.
Chad Newsome is the son of Lambert Strether's wealthy fiancée.
Chad Newsome is in the clutches of a presumably wicked woman.
Lambert Strether stops in England during his journey.
Lambert Strether meets Maria Gostrey in England.
Maria Gostrey is an American woman.
Maria Gostrey has lived in Paris for years.
Maria Gostrey has cynical wit.
Maria Gostrey has worldly opinions.
Maria Gostrey's opinions start to rattle Lambert Strether's preconceived view of the situation.
Lambert Strether meets Chad Newsome in Paris.
Lambert Strether is impressed by Chad Newsome's greater sophistication.
Chad Newsome has gained much greater sophistication during his years in Europe.
Chad Newsome takes Lambert Strether to a garden party.
Lambert Strether meets Marie de Vionnet at the garden party.
Marie de Vionnet is a lovely woman.
Marie de Vionnet has impeccable manners.
Marie de Vionnet is separated from her reportedly unpleasant husband.
Marie de Vionnet has an exquisite daughter named Jeanne.
Lambert Strether is confused about whether Chad Newsome is more attracted to Marie de Vionnet or Jeanne.
Lambert Strether feels an overwhelming attraction to Marie de Vionnet.
Lambert Strether suspects that Marie de Vionnet might requite his attraction.
Lambert Strether begins questioning his commitment to return to Woollett.
Lambert Strether is committed to marry Chad Newsome's mother.
Lambert Strether admires Chad Newsome's mother.
Lambert Strether confides in Little Bilham.
Little Bilham is a friend of Chad Newsome.
Lambert Strether confides that he might have missed the best life has to offer.
Lambert Strether starts to delight in the loveliness of Paris.
Lambert Strether stops Chad Newsome from returning to America.
Waymarsh is Lambert Strether's American traveling companion.
Waymarsh refuses to be seduced by the charms of Europe.
Mrs. Newsome is Lambert Strether's fiancée.
Mrs. Newsome is Chad Newsome's mother.
Mrs. Newsome is impatiently waiting in America.
Mrs. Newsome enlists new "ambassadors" to return with Chad Newsome.
Sarah Pocock is Chad Newsome's sister.
Sarah Pocock is the most important of the new ambassadors.
Sarah Pocock harshly dismisses Lambert Strether's impression that Chad Newsome has improved.
Sarah Pocock condemns Marie de Vionnet as an indecent woman.
Sarah Pocock demands that Chad Newsome immediately return to the family business in America.
Lambert Strether takes a brief tour of the French countryside.
Lambert Strether accidentally encounters Chad Newsome and Marie de Vionnet at a rural inn.
Lambert Strether comprehends the full extent of Chad Newsome and Marie de Vionnet's romance.
Lambert Strether returns to Paris after the encounter.
Lambert Strether counsels Chad Newsome not to leave Marie de Vionnet.
Lambert Strether finds he is now uncomfortable in Europe.
Lambert Strether declines Maria Gostrey's virtual marriage proposal.
Lambert Strether returns to America.