Mike Jackson is a cricketer.
Mike Jackson is a scion of a cricketing clan.
Mike Jackson's dreams of studying and playing at Cambridge are upset by news of his father's financial troubles.
Mike Jackson must take a job with the "New Asiatic Bank".
Mike Jackson finds his friend Psmith is also a new employee at the "New Asiatic Bank".
Mike Jackson and Psmith strive to make the best of their position at the "New Asiatic Bank".
Mike Jackson and Psmith perhaps squeeze in a little cricket from time to time.
Mike Jackson plays cricket for a team run by Psmith's father.
Mike Jackson meets John Bickersdyke for the first time when he walks behind the bowler's arm.
Walking behind the bowler's arm causes Mike Jackson to get out on ninety-eight.
Mike Jackson's father informs him that he will have to sell the house.
Mike Jackson's father will not be able to send Mike Jackson to Cambridge as he had hoped.
Mike Jackson hears that Psmith is in the same position as he is sent off to London.
Mike Jackson feels very lonely.
Mike Jackson feels homesick.
Mike Jackson feels sorry for himself.
Mike Jackson rents a horrid room in Dulwich.
Mike Jackson presents himself for work at the "New Asiatic Bank" the next day.
Mike Jackson is put to work under Mr. Rossiter in the Postage Department.
Mike Jackson replaces a youth named Bannister.
Mike Jackson is befriended by Mr. Waller, a kindly employee of the bank.
Mr. Waller takes Mike Jackson to lunch.
Mike Jackson is joined by Psmith in the same department as Mike Jackson.
Psmith reveals that he has been placed in the Postage Department on a whim of his father.
Psmith has annoyed John Bickersdyke while staying for the weekend.
Mike Jackson is worried that their employer has it in for them both.
Mike Jackson believes that he and Psmith are powerless.
Psmith announces he plans to toy with John Bickersdyke outside of work.
Psmith is a member of the Senior Conservative Club.
Psmith insists that Mike Jackson move in with him in his flat in Clement's Inn.
Mike Jackson feels much happier for having an ally that night.
Psmith and Mike Jackson try to find a means of pacifying their manager Mr. Rossiter.
Bannister informs Psmith and Mike Jackson that Mr. Rossiter is a devotee of association football.
Mr. Rossiter is a fan of Manchester United.
Psmith uses his knowledge of Mr. Rossiter's interests to ingratiate himself with Mr. Rossiter for a few weeks.
Psmith moves on to John Bickersdyke after ingratiating himself with Mr. Rossiter.
Psmith haunts John Bickersdyke at their club.
Psmith's position in the workplace is unassailable thanks to his friendship with Mr. Rossiter.
Psmith disrupts a political meeting that is part of John Bickersdyke's campaign to become a member of parliament.
Psmith turns the political meeting into a near-riot.
John Bickersdyke is angry at Psmith.
John Bickersdyke is powerless against Psmith.
Psmith continues to cultivate Mr. Rossiter.
Mike Jackson gets used to his work.
A new man starts at the "New Asiatic Bank".
Mike Jackson is moved on to the Cash Department under Mr. Waller.
Waller reveals that he is an ardent socialist.
Psmith agrees to come and hear Mr. Waller speak.
Psmith drags Mike Jackson along to hear Mr. Waller speak.
A spectator goes to throw a stone at Mr. Waller.
Mike Jackson intervenes when a spectator goes to throw a stone at Mr. Waller.
A fight starts when Mike Jackson intervenes.
The fight soon involves Psmith and a mob.
Mike Jackson and Psmith flee from the mob.
Mike Jackson has an awful time returning that evening for tea.
Psmith acquires Mr. Waller's book of the proceedings of the "Tulse Hill Parliament".
The book includes some particularly fiery words from John Bickersdyke.
Waller fails to spot a forged cheque one day.
Waller is worried by his son being ill.
Mike Jackson takes the blame to save Waller's job.
Mike Jackson is fired by John Bickersdyke.
John Bickersdyke roasts Mike Jackson.
Psmith trails John Bickersdyke to a Turkish bath after work.
Psmith threatens to leak John Bickersdyke's anti-royalty speeches from the Tulse Hill book.
John Bickersdyke agrees to keep Mike Jackson on at the bank.
John Bickersdyke is narrowly elected to Parliament soon after.
John Bickersdyke's election renders the threat of the book useless.
Mike Jackson is moved to a new department, Fixed Deposits.
Fixed Deposits is a much less pleasant spot for Mike Jackson.
Psmith replaces Mike Jackson under Mr. Waller.
Spring and sunshine arrive.
Mike Jackson begins to long for the outdoors.
Mike Jackson begins to long for cricket.
Mike Jackson is called by his brother Joe.
Joe is playing for their county at Lord's.
Joe's team is a man short.
Joe's team needs Mike Jackson to play.
Mike Jackson agrees to play for Joe's team.
Mike Jackson asks Psmith to tell his new boss he has to "pop off".
The boss tells John Bickersdyke that Mike Jackson has to "pop off".
John Bickersdyke is furious as usual.
Mike Jackson is convinced his job is over.
Mike Jackson resolves to play his heart out.
Psmith leaves work early to take his father to the match.
Mr. Smith is shocked that the bank does not approve of people leaving to play cricket.
Psmith persuades Mr. Smith that he should study for the Bar rather than working at the bank.
Psmith and Mr. Smith arrive at the game just as Mike Jackson reaches his century.
Psmith tells Mike Jackson of his plans to study Law at Cambridge after the match.
Psmith's father is willing to take Mike Jackson on as an agent for his estate.
Psmith's father has first paid for Mike Jackson to go to the 'varsity too.
Psmith's father is willing to pay for Mike Jackson to study business.
John Bickersdyke is relaxing in his club.
John Bickersdyke is overjoyed at the thought of finally being able to sack Psmith and Mike Jackson.
John Bickersdyke is further enraged when Psmith announces their retirement from business.