Kant proposed a peace program to be implemented by governments.
The "Preliminary Articles" described steps that should be taken immediately.
The "Preliminary Articles" described steps that should be taken with all deliberate speed.
No secret treaty of peace shall be held valid if there is tacitly reserved matter for a future war.
No independent states, large or small, shall come under the dominion of another state by inheritance.
No independent states, large or small, shall come under the dominion of another state by exchange.
No independent states, large or small, shall come under the dominion of another state by purchase.
No independent states, large or small, shall come under the dominion of another state by donation.
Standing armies shall in time be totally abolished.
National debts shall not be contracted with a view to the external friction of states.
No state shall by force interfere with the constitution of another state.
No state shall by force interfere with the government of another state.
No state shall, during war, permit acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible.
Acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible include the employment of assassins.
Acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible include the employment of poisoners.
Acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible include breach of capitulation.
Acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible include incitement to treason in the opposing state.
Three Definitive Articles would provide a foundation on which to build peace.
The civil constitution of all states shall be republican.
The law of nations shall be founded on a federation of free states.
The law of world citizenship shall be limited to conditions of universal hospitality.
Kant's essay resembles modern democratic peace theory in some ways.
Kant speaks of republican states.
Kant defines republican states to have representative governments.
In republican states, the legislature is separated from the executive.
Kant does not discuss universal suffrage.
Universal suffrage is vital to modern democracy.
Universal suffrage is quite important to some modern theorists.
Later commentators dispute whether universal suffrage is implied by Kant's language.
The essay does not treat republican governments as sufficient by themselves to produce peace.
Freedom of emigration is necessary to consciously enact Kant's six-point program.
A league of nations is necessary to consciously enact Kant's six-point program.
Kant claims that republics will be at peace with each other.
Kant claims that republics are more pacific than other forms of government in general.