Prince Amerigo is an impoverished but charismatic Italian nobleman.
Prince Amerigo is in London for his marriage to Maggie Verver.
Maggie Verver is the only child of the widower Adam Verver.
Adam Verver is a fabulously wealthy American financier and art collector.
Prince Amerigo re-encounters Charlotte Stant in London.
Charlotte Stant is another young American.
Charlotte Stant is a former mistress of Prince Amerigo from his days in Rome.
Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant met in Mrs. Assingham's drawing room.
Charlotte Stant is not wealthy.
Charlotte Stant's lack of wealth is one reason she and Prince Amerigo did not marry.
Maggie Verver and Charlotte Stant have been dear friends since childhood.
Maggie Verver does not know of Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo's past relationship.
Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo go shopping together for a wedding present for Maggie Verver.
Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo find a curiosity shop.
The shopkeeper offers Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo an antique gilded crystal bowl.
Prince Amerigo declines to purchase the antique gilded crystal bowl.
Prince Amerigo suspects the antique gilded crystal bowl contains a hidden flaw.
Maggie Verver is afraid that her father Adam Verver has become lonely after her marriage.
Maggie Verver and Adam Verver had been close for years.
Maggie Verver persuades Adam Verver to propose to Charlotte Stant.
Charlotte Stant accepts Adam Verver's proposal.
Charlotte Stant and Adam Verver soon get married.
Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo are thrown together after their respective spouses seem more interested in their father-daughter relationship than in their marriages.
Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant finally consummate an adulterous affair.
Maggie Verver begins to suspect Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant.
Maggie Verver goes to the same shop where Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant had shopped.
Maggie Verver buys the golden bowl that Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant had rejected.
The shopkeeper regrets the high price he charged Maggie Verver.
The shopkeeper visits Maggie Verver and confesses to overcharging her.
The shopkeeper sees photographs of Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant at Maggie Verver's home.
The shopkeeper tells Maggie Verver about Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant's shopping trip on the eve of her marriage.
The shopkeeper tells Maggie Verver about Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant's intimate conversation in his shop.
Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant spoke Italian in the shop.
The shopkeeper understands the Italian language.
Maggie Verver confronts Prince Amerigo.
Maggie Verver begins a secret campaign to separate Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant.
Maggie Verver never reveals Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant's affair to Adam Verver.
Maggie Verver conceals her knowledge of the affair from Charlotte Stant.
Maggie Verver denies any change to her friendship with Charlotte Stant.
Maggie Verver gradually persuades Adam Verver to return to America with Charlotte Stant.
Prince Amerigo previously regarded Maggie Verver as a naïve, immature American.
Prince Amerigo seems impressed by Maggie Verver's delicate diplomacy.
The novel ends with Adam Verver and Charlotte Stant about to depart for the United States.
Prince Amerigo says he can "see nothing but" Maggie Verver.
Prince Amerigo embraces Maggie Verver.