Pascal is a physician in Plassans for 30 years.
Pascal has spent his life cataloging and chronicling the lives of his family.
Pascal's cataloging is based on his theories of heredity.
Pascal believes that everyone's physical health can be classified based on the interplay between innateness and heredity.
Pascal believes that everyone's mental health can be classified based on the interplay between innateness and heredity.
Pascal believes that everyone's development can be classified based on the interplay between innateness and heredity.
Innateness is defined as the reproduction of characteristics based in difference.
Heredity is defined as the reproduction based in similarity.
Pascal classifies the 30 descendants of his grandmother Adelaïde Fouque (Tante Dide) based on his model.
Pascal has developed a serum.
Pascal hopes that his serum will cure hereditary diseases.
Pascal hopes that his serum will cure nervous diseases.
Pascal hopes that his serum will improve life.
Pascal hopes that his serum will prolong life.
Clotilde sees Pascal's work as denying the omnipotence of God.
Clotilde sees Pascal's work as a prideful attempt to comprehend the unknowable.
Clotilde encourages Pascal to destroy his work.
Pascal refuses to destroy his work.
Pascal is somewhat obsessive in the pursuit of his passion.
Pascal explains his goal as a scientist as laying the groundwork for happiness and peace.
Pascal's goal involves seeking and uncovering the truth.
Pascal believes that the truth lies in the science of heredity.
Clotilde begins to agree with Pascal after he shows her the Rougon-Macquart family tree.
Clotilde begins to agree with Pascal after he demonstrates his refusal to sugarcoat the family's acts.
Clotilde's love for Pascal solidifies her faith in his theories.
Clotilde's love for Pascal solidifies her faith in his lifelong work.
Clotilde and Pascal eventually begin a romance.
Félicité is chagrined by Clotilde and Pascal's romance.
Félicité is less concerned about the incestuous nature of Clotilde and Pascal's relationship.
Félicité is more concerned about Clotilde and Pascal living together out of wedlock.
Félicité wants to keep the family secrets buried at any cost.
Félicité wants to keep several family skeletons buried at any cost.
Antoine Macquart is Félicité's alcoholic brother-in-law.
Tante Dide is Félicité's centenarian mother-in-law.
Félicité sees Clotilde's brother Maxime asking Clotilde to come to Paris as an opportunity to control Pascal.
Félicité sees Clotilde's brother Maxime asking Clotilde to come to Paris as an opportunity to access Pascal's papers.
Félicité sees Clotilde's brother Maxime asking Clotilde to come to Paris as an opportunity to destroy Pascal's papers.
Pascal suffers a series of heart attacks.
Clotilde is not able to return from Paris before Pascal dies.
Félicité immediately burns all of Pascal's scholarly work.
Félicité immediately burns the documents she considers incriminating.
The novel concludes with the birth of Pascal and Clotilde's son.
The novel concludes with hope placed on Pascal and Clotilde's son for the future of the family.
The entire 20-novel series concludes with the birth of Pascal and Clotilde's son.
The entire 20-novel series concludes with hope placed on Pascal and Clotilde's son for the future of the family.