Orgon's family is up in arms.
Orgon has fallen under the influence of Tartuffe.
Orgon’s mother has fallen under the influence of Tartuffe.
Tartuffe is a pious fraud.
Tartuffe was a vagrant prior to Orgon's help.
Tartuffe pretends to be pious.
Tartuffe pretends to speak with divine authority.
Orgon no longer takes any action without first consulting Tartuffe.
Orgon’s mother no longer takes any action without first consulting Tartuffe.
Tartuffe's antics do not fool the rest of Orgon's family.
The rest of Orgon's family detests Tartuffe.
Orgon announces that he will marry Tartuffe to his daughter Mariane.
Mariane is already engaged to Valère.
Mariane feels very upset at the news of her marriage to Tartuffe.
The rest of Orgon's family realizes how deeply Tartuffe has embedded himself into the family.
The family devises a scheme to trap Tartuffe into confessing to Elmire.
The family hopes that Orgon will throw Tartuffe out of the house after the confession.
Tartuffe tries to seduce Elmire.
Damis has been eavesdropping on Tartuffe and Elmire.
Damis is no longer able to control his boiling indignation.
Damis jumps out of his hiding place to denounce Tartuffe.
Tartuffe is at first shocked by Damis's actions.
Tartuffe recovers very well after being denounced by Damis.
Damis tells Orgon what happened with Tartuffe.
Tartuffe accuses himself of being the worst sinner.
Orgon is convinced that Damis was lying.
Orgon banishes Damis from the house.
Tartuffe gets Orgon to order that Tartuffe should be around Elmire more than ever.
Orgon signs over all his worldly possessions to Tartuffe.
Elmire takes up the charge again against Tartuffe.
Elmire challenges Orgon to witness a meeting between herself and Tartuffe.
Orgon decides to hide under a table in the same room.
Orgon is confident that Elmire is wrong.
Orgon overhears Elmire resisting Tartuffe's advances.
Tartuffe has incriminated himself beyond all help.
Tartuffe is dangerously close to violating Elmire.
Orgon comes out from under the table.
Orgon orders Tartuffe out of his house.
Tartuffe means to stay in Orgon's house.
Tartuffe shows his hand.
Orgon had admitted to Tartuffe that he had possession of a box of incriminating letters.
The box of incriminating letters was written by a friend, not by Orgon.
Tartuffe had taken charge and possession of the box of incriminating letters.
Tartuffe tells Orgon that Orgon will be the one to leave.
Tartuffe takes his temporary leave.
Orgon's family tries to figure out what to do.
Monsieur Loyal shows up with a message from Tartuffe.
Monsieur Loyal has a message from the court.
Orgon's family must move out from the house.
The house now belongs to Tartuffe.
Dorine makes fun of Monsieur Loyal's name.
Dorine mocks Monsieur Loyal's fake loyalty.
Madame Pernelle had refused to believe any ill about Tartuffe.
Madame Pernelle has become convinced of Tartuffe's duplicity.
Valère rushes in with the news that Tartuffe has denounced Orgon.
Tartuffe has denounced Orgon for aiding and assisting a traitor.
Tartuffe has denounced Orgon for keeping the incriminating letters.
Orgon is about to be arrested.
Tartuffe arrives with an officer.
The officer arrests Tartuffe instead of Orgon.
The officer explains that King Louis XIV has heard of the injustices happening in the house.
King Louis XIV is appalled by Tartuffe's treachery towards Orgon.
King Louis XIV has ordered Tartuffe's arrest.
Tartuffe has a long criminal history.
Tartuffe has often changed his name to avoid being caught.
The King forgives Orgon for keeping the letters.
The King invalidates the deed that gave Tartuffe possession of the house.
The King invalidates the deed that gave Tartuffe possession of all Orgon's possessions.
Orgon's family thanks its lucky stars that it has escaped the mortification of Orgon's potential disgrace.
Orgon's family thanks its lucky stars that it has escaped their dispossession.
The drama ends well.
Orgon announces the upcoming wedding of Valère and Mariane.