Copyright protection extends to original works of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression.
Copyright protection applies to original works of authorship that can be perceived, reproduced, or otherwise communicated.
Copyright protection applies to original works of authorship that can be perceived directly.
Copyright protection applies to original works of authorship that can be perceived with the aid of a machine or device.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as literary works.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as musical works, including any accompanying words.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as dramatic works, including any accompanying music.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as pantomimes and choreographic works.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as pictorial works.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as graphic works.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as sculptural works.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as motion pictures and other audiovisual works.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as sound recordings.
The Act defines "works of authorship" as architectural works.
The category of architectural works was added in 1990.
The wording of section 102 effectuated a major change in the mode of United States copyright protection.
The last major statutory revision to U.S. copyright law was the Copyright Act of 1909.
Under the Copyright Act of 1909, federal statutory copyright protection attached to original works only when those works were published.
Under the Copyright Act of 1909, federal statutory copyright protection attached to original works only when those works had a notice of copyright affixed.
State copyright law governed protection for unpublished works before the adoption of the 1976 Act.
Published works were governed exclusively by federal law under the Copyright Act of 1909.
If no notice of copyright was affixed to a work, and the work was published in a legal sense, the 1909 Act provided no copyright protection.
If no notice of copyright was affixed to a work, that work became part of the public domain under the 1909 Act.
Under the 1976 Act, section 102 states that copyright protection extends to original works that are fixed in a tangible medium of expression.
The 1976 Act broadened the scope of federal statutory copyright protection from published works to works that are fixed.
Section 102(b) excludes several categories from copyright protection.
Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any idea.
Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any procedure.
Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any process.
Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any system.
Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any method of operation.
Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any concept.
Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any principle.
Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any discovery.
Section 102(b) applies regardless of the form in which an idea, procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept, principle, or discovery is described.
Section 102(b) applies regardless of the form in which an idea, procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept, principle, or discovery is explained.
Section 102(b) applies regardless of the form in which an idea, procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept, principle, or discovery is illustrated.
Section 102(b) applies regardless of the form in which an idea, procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept, principle, or discovery is embodied in such work.