Skylark Three (1948) is the second book in the Skylark series.
Skylark Three is set a year after the events of The Skylark of Space.
The antagonist Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne has used the wealth obtained in the previous book to buy a controlling interest in the World Steel Corporation.
The World Steel Corporation is a large company known for its ruthless attitude.
DuQuesne announces a long absence from Earth.
DuQuesne intends to find another species more knowledgeable than the Osnomians.
Richard Seaton is the protagonist.
DuQuesne and a henchman disappear from Earth shortly after the announcement.
DuQuesne is aware of the Object Compass trained on him.
DuQuesne travels far enough to break the connection with the Object Compass.
DuQuesne turns toward the Green System.
The Green System is part of which Osnome is a part.
Seaton discovers DuQuesne's direction.
Seaton is distracted by attempts to master a zone of force.
The zone of force is essentially a spherical, immaterial shield.
Seaton is dissatisfied with the present form of the zone of force for its opacity and impenetrability even by the user.
Seaton is requested by his allies Dunark and Sitar to repel invasion by the natives of planet Urvan.
Dunark and Sitar are the crown prince and prince's consort of Osnome.
Seaton and his millionaire sponsor Martin Crane embark in the spaceship Skylark II.
Seaton and Crane are accompanied by their wives and Crane's valet Shiro.
Seaton and his group intend to obtain the necessary minerals.
Near the Green System, Seaton and his group are attacked by the natives of the planet Fenachrone.
The weaponry of the Fenachrone surpasses any known to Seaton or the Osnomians.
Seaton uses the zone of force to conceal himself at first.
Seaton then uses the zone of force to destroy the Fenachrone battleship.
Seaton captures a leading crew-member of the Fenachrone.
The leading crew-member reveals that the Fenachrone intend conquest of the entire Milky Way Galaxy.
The Fenachrone eventually intend conquest of the Universe.
A message is already in progress toward the Fenachrone capital to summon aid.
Dunark and Sitar survive the destruction of their spaceship.
The Skylark II tows the remnants of both vehicles to Osnome.
Seaton forces a peace treaty between Osnome and Urvan.
DuQuesne and his aide have also interrogated a Fenachrone.
DuQuesne and his aide plan to capture an entire Fenachrone battleship for personal use.
Seaton, Crane, and their wives hope to master the zone of force.
Seaton, Crane, and their wives travel from planet to planet of the Green System.
Seaton, Crane, and their wives search for those already skilled in the use of the zone of force.
Seaton and his group initially encounter the Dasorians.
The Dasorians are an amphibious species of humanoid.
The Dasorians direct Seaton and his group to the Norlaminians.
The Norlaminians possess full control of both matter and energy.
A much larger successor ship, the Skylark Three, is built and equipped on planet Norlamin.
Seaton at first explores the Fenachrone's world.
Seaton orders the Fenachrone to abandon their conquest.
The Fenachrone refuse to abandon their conquest.
Seaton destroys the Fenachrone's reconnaissance spaceships.
Seaton destroys the Fenachrone's home planet.
Seaton kills all the Fenachrone except a colony led by one of their leading scientists.
DuQuesne survives equipped with a Fenachrone spaceship.
DuQuesne leads Seaton and the Fenachrone to presume his death.
Seaton increases his technology further.
Seaton pursues and destroys the Fenachrone colony.
Seaton does not discover DuQuesne.