The novel provides a detailed, episodic record of life in the two branches of the wealthy, aristocratic Jia (賈) clan.
The two branches of the Jia clan are the Rongguo House (榮國府) and the Ningguo House (寧國府).
The Rongguo House and the Ningguo House reside in two large, adjacent family compounds in the capital.
The ancestors of the Jia clan were made Dukes and given imperial titles.
As the novel begins, the Rongguo House and the Ningguo House are among the most illustrious families in the city.
One of the clan’s offspring is made a Royal Consort.
A lush landscaped garden is built to receive the Royal Consort's visit.
The novel describes the Jia clan’s wealth and influence in great naturalistic detail.
The novel charts the Jia clan’s fall from the height of their prestige.
The novel follows some thirty main characters.
The novel includes over four hundred minor characters.
Eventually, the Jia clan falls into disfavor with the Emperor.
The mansions of the Jia clan are raided and confiscated.
In the novel's frame story, a sentient Stone is abandoned by the goddess Nüwa.
The goddess Nüwa abandoned the Stone when she mended the heavens aeons ago.
The sentient Stone begs a Taoist priest to bring it with him to see the world.
The sentient Stone begs a Buddhist monk to bring it with him to see the world.
The Stone is given a chance to learn from human existence.
The Stone enters the mortal realm.
The main character of the novel is Jia Baoyu.
Jia Baoyu is a carefree adolescent male heir of the Jia clan.
Jia Baoyu was born with a magical piece of "jade" in his mouth.
Jia Baoyu has a special bond with his sickly cousin Lin Daiyu.
Lin Daiyu shares Jia Baoyu's love of music and poetry.
Jia Baoyu is predestined to marry his cousin Xue Baochai.
Xue Baochai exemplifies an ideal woman with her grace and intelligence.
Jia Baoyu lacks an emotional connection with Xue Baochai.
The romantic rivalry among Jia Baoyu, Lin Daiyu, and Xue Baochai forms the main story in the novel.
The friendship among Jia Baoyu, Lin Daiyu, and Xue Baochai forms the main story in the novel.
The backdrop of the family's declining fortunes forms the main story in the novel.