The Life, Adventures, and Pyracies, of the Famous Captain Singleton (1720) covers both land and sea in one volume.
The Life, Adventures, and Pyracies, of the Famous Captain Singleton (1720) is composed of two halves.
The first half of the novel includes a remarkable overland trek across Africa.
The characters are stranded in Madagascar.
The second half of the novel is almost entirely at sea.
The second half of the novel involves piratical heists in the East Indies.
Captain Bob and his close friend William Walters return to England with their spoils.
Captain Bob and William Walters travel to England via Venice.
Captain Bob and William Walters are disguised as Armenians.
At the beginning of the novel, Captain Singleton, as a young boy, is kidnapped by a beggar-woman.
Captain Singleton is sold to a gypsy by the beggar-woman.
Captain Singleton is raised as a ward of a parish.
Captain Singleton is sent to sea at age twelve.
Captain Singleton is captured by Turkish pirates.
Sailors from Portugal rescue Captain Singleton.
Captain Singleton stays in Portugal for two years.
Captain Singleton sails for the East Indies after his stay in Portugal.
Young Captain Singleton is a rogue.
Young Captain Singleton steals from the ship's captain.
Young Captain Singleton harbors the desire to kill his master.
Captain Singleton is nearly hanged for his part in an attempted mutiny.
Captain Singleton is set ashore with four companions on the coast of Madagascar.
A score of other sailors from the ship join Captain Singleton and his companions.
The ensuing narrative relates the efforts of Captain Singleton and his companions to survive on the island.
The sailors find an abandoned boat.
The sailors rebuild the abandoned boat.
The sailors decide to pursue a journey through Africa.
The Europeans provide resourceful but brutal encounters with African natives.
During the hazardous trip, Captain Singleton becomes the leader of the group.
Captain Singleton becomes the leader of the group by virtue of his fearlessness.
Captain Singleton is a cold pragmatist.
Captain Singleton's lack of compassion is exceeded only by his talent for survival.
Captain Singleton makes a decision based purely on expediency when they find a wounded native.
Captain Singleton considers letting the native die.
Captain Singleton decides that they might find the wounded native useful to them.
The travelers avoid catastrophe during the arduous march through lands teeming with leopards, elephants, crocodiles, and snakes.
The travelers avoid catastrophe because of their modern weaponry.
The travelers avoid catastrophe because of their European belief in reason rather than in magic.
The marchers meet an English merchant.
The English merchant has been living with the natives.
The English merchant persuades Captain Singleton and his companions to stop awhile in order to dig for gold.
The adventurers load themselves down with gold and elephant tusks.
The adventurers finally reach a Dutch settlement.
The adventurers divide the spoils at the Dutch settlement.
The adventurers immediately go their separate ways after dividing the spoils.
Once Captain Singleton has spent his fortune in England, he sets out again.
Captain Singleton sets out again for the West Indies.
Captain Singleton quickly takes to piracy by his boastful admission.
Captain Singleton's abilities bring him high command.
Captain Singleton's piratical activities encourage the growth of a callousness.
Captain Singleton's callousness leads to cruelty at times.
Captain Singleton denies that his men have committed certain atrocities.
Captain Singleton admits that "more was done than it is fit to speak of here."
Events pile up rapidly in this portion of the novel.
There are chases and sea battles in which Captain Singleton proves himself an able leader.
There are chases and sea battles in which Captain Singleton proves himself a courageous leader.
There are chases and sea battles in which Captain Singleton proves himself an imaginative leader.
The scene shifts from the Indies to the East African coast.
The scene shifts from the Indies to Madagascar.
The pirates continue to plunder and sail restlessly in search of new conquests.
Defoe draws a portrait of men whose love of gold is less urgent than their need for adventure.
The lust for novelty takes Captain Singleton and his men into the Pacific.
Captain Singleton and his men travel as far as the Philippines.
Captain Singleton and his men trace their way back to the Indian Ocean.
Captain Singleton and his men trace their way back to Ceylon.
Friend William is a Quaker surgeon.
Friend William becomes the center of the narrative.
Friend William outwits a Ceylonese King.
Friend William rescues a Dutch slave.
Friend William succeeds in trade negotiations with English merchants in India.
Friend William serves Captain Singleton loyally and bravely.
Friend William is a kind of man Friday.
Friend William is a Christian humanist.
Friend William is a healer.
Friend William ultimately persuades Captain Singleton that a life of piracy leads nowhere.
Captain Singleton contemplates suicide in the throes of repentance.
Friend William convinces Captain Singleton that the idea of taking one's life is the "Devil's Notion."
The idea of taking one's life must be ignored.
When Captain Singleton and Friend William return to England, they make the decision to stay together for the rest of their lives.
Captain Singleton marries William's sister.
William's sister is a widow.
The story ends rapidly on a note of domestic peace.