England is invaded by several armies.
England is beneath the heels of nine invaders.
There is barely standing-room in England during the invasion.
The Swoop! features references to many well-known figures.
Herbert Gladstone is a politician.
Edgar Wallace is a novelist.
Seymour Hicks is an actor-manager.
George Edwardes is an actor-manager.
Bob Fitzsimmons is a boxer.
The invaders include the Russians under Grand Duke Vodkakoff.
The invaders include the Germans under Prince Otto of Saxe-Pfennig.
Edward VII is the reigning British monarch of the day.
The invaders include the Swiss Navy.
The invaders include the Monegasques.
The invaders include a band of Moroccan brigands under Raisuli.
The invaders include the Young Turks.
The invaders include the Mad Mullah from Somalialand.
The invaders include the Chinese under Prince Ping Pong Pang.
The invaders include the Bollygollans in war canoes.
The initial reaction to the invasion is muted.
The press seizes upon the topic of the invasion.
The English are far more interested in cricket than the invasion.
One newspaper placard announces "Surrey Doing Badly" at cricket.
One newspaper placard announces "German Army Lands in England."
The Germans begin shelling London.
It is August when the Germans begin shelling London.
There is nobody in London during the shelling.
Nearly all of London's statues are destroyed.
The Albert Hall is reduced to a heap of picturesque ruins.
The Royal Academy is burned.
Prince Otto receives a hearty vote of thanks from the grateful populace.
The European parties form an alliance.
The European parties expel the other invaders.
The Swiss soon leave to be home in time for the winter hotel season.
Prince Otto is offered music hall engagements.
Grand Duke Vodkakoff is offered music hall engagements.
The leader of the army of Monaco is not offered music hall engagements.
The leader of the army of Monaco takes offence.
The leader of the army of Monaco withdraws his troops.
The two remaining armies are overcome.
Clarence Chugwater is the leader of the Boy Scouts.
Clarence Chugwater causes each commander to become jealous of the other's music hall fees.
Clarence Chugwater succeeds in breaking up the alliance.
Clarence Chugwater and his Boy Scouts are able to overcome the invaders.
The United States is invaded by armies from Germany.
The German army is led by Prince Otto of Saxe-Pfennig.
The United States is invaded by armies from Japan.
The Japanese army is led by General Owoki.
Clarence Chugwater saves the day in The Military Invasion of America.