Eugénie Grandet is set in the town of Saumur.
Eugénie's father Felix is a former cooper.
Felix has become wealthy through business ventures.
Felix has become wealthy through inheritance.
Felix inherited the estates of his mother-in-law.
Felix inherited the estates of his grandfather-in-law.
Felix inherited the estates of his grandmother.
Felix inherited all three estates in one year.
Felix is very miserly.
Felix, his wife, daughter, and their servant Nanon live in a run-down old house.
Felix is too miserly to repair the run-down old house.
Felix's banker des Grassins wishes Eugénie to marry his son Adolphe.
Felix's lawyer Cruchot wishes Eugénie to marry his nephew President Cruchot des Bonfons.
Des Grassins and Cruchot both eye the inheritance from Felix.
The two families constantly visit the Grandets to gain Felix's favor.
Felix plays the two families off against each other for his own advantage.
On Eugénie's birthday, in 1819, Felix's nephew Charles Grandet arrives from Paris unexpectedly.
Charles Grandet has been sent to Saumur by his father Guillaume.
Charles does not realize that his father is planning to take his own life.
Guillaume reveals his plan to take his own life to his brother Felix in a confidential letter.
Charles carries the confidential letter from Guillaume to Felix.
Charles is a spoilt young man.
Charles is an indolent young man.
Charles is having an affair with an older woman.
Charles's father's ruin and suicide are published in the newspaper.
Felix reveals his problems to Charles.
Felix considers Charles to be a burden.
Felix plans to send Charles off overseas to make his own fortune.
Eugénie and Charles fall in love with each other.
Eugénie and Charles hope to eventually marry.
Eugénie gives Charles some of her own money.
Eugénie gives Charles money to help with his trading ventures.
Felix hatches a plan to profit from his brother's ruin.
Felix announces to Cruchot des Bonfons that he plans to liquidate his brother's business.
Felix plans to avoid a declaration of bankruptcy.
Felix plans to save the family honor.
Cruchot des Bonfons volunteers to go to Paris to make the arrangements.
Cruchot des Bonfons will go to Paris provided that Felix pays his expenses.
The des Grassins visit Felix while he is in discussions with Cruchot des Bonfons.
The banker des Grassins volunteers to do Felix's bidding for free.
Felix accepts des Grassins' offer instead of Cruchot des Bonfons' offer.
The business is liquidated.
The creditors get 46% of their debts in exchange for their bank bills.
Felix ignores all demands to pay the rest of the debts.
Felix sells the bank bills at a profit.
Charles has left to travel overseas.
Charles entrusts Eugénie with a small gold plated cabinet.
The small gold plated cabinet contains pictures of Charles's parents.
Felix is angered when he discovers that Eugénie has given her money to Charles.
Eugénie gives all her money in gold coins to Charles.
Felix's wife falls ill after discovering that Eugénie has given her money to Charles.
Eugénie is confined to her room after Felix's wife falls ill.
Felix and Eugénie eventually reconcile.
Felix reluctantly agrees that Eugénie can marry Charles.
In 1827, Charles returns to France.
Both of Eugénie's parents have died by the time Charles returns.
Charles is no longer in love with Eugénie.
Charles has become very wealthy through his trading.
Charles has become extremely corrupt.
Charles becomes engaged to the daughter of an impoverished aristocratic family.
Charles becomes engaged to make himself respectable.
Charles writes to Eugénie to announce his marriage plans.
Charles writes to Eugénie to break off their engagement.
Charles sends a cheque to Eugénie to pay off the money that she gave him.
Eugénie is heartbroken when she receives Charles's letter.
Eugénie discovers that Charles had been back in France for a month when he wrote to her.
Eugénie sends back the small gold plated cabinet.
Eugénie decides to become engaged to Cruchot des Bonfons.
Eugénie has two conditions for her engagement to Cruchot des Bonfons.
One condition is that Eugénie remains a virgin after marriage.
The other condition is that Cruchot des Bonfons agrees to go to Paris.
Cruchot des Bonfons agrees to go to Paris to act for Eugénie.
Cruchot des Bonfons agrees to pay off all the debts due to Guillaume Grandet's creditors.
Cruchot des Bonfons carries out the debt payment in full.
The debt payment comes just in time for Charles.
Charles finds that his future father-in-law objects to letting his daughter marry the son of a bankrupt.
When Charles meets Cruchot des Bonfons, he discovers that Eugénie is far wealthier than he is.
During his brief stay at Saumur, Charles assumed that his relatives were poor.
Cruchot des Bonfons marries Eugénie.
Cruchot des Bonfons is hopeful of becoming fabulously wealthy.
Cruchot des Bonfons dies young.
At the end of the book, Eugénie is a very wealthy widow.
Eugénie is thirty-three years old at the end of the book.
Eugénie has inherited her husband's fortune.
At the end of the novel, Eugénie should be unhappy by the standards of the time.
Eugénie is childless at the end of the novel.
Eugénie is widowed at the end of the novel.
Eugénie is quite content with her lot at the end of the novel.
Eugénie has learned to live life on her own terms.
Eugénie has learned of the hypocrisy and shallowness of the bourgeois.
Eugénie has learned that her best friends will come from the lower classes.