The theme of the tale is the childhood sin of disobedience.
Tom Kitten is a young cat.
Tom Kitten lives with his mother, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit.
Tom Kitten lives with his sisters, Moppet and Mittens.
Tom Kitten, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit, Moppet, and Mittens live in a house overrun with rats.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit has unruly children.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit puts Moppet in a cupboard.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit puts Mittens in a cupboard.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit puts Moppet and Mittens in a cupboard to keep them under control.
Tom Kitten escapes up the chimney.
Tom Kitten makes his way to the top of the house.
Tom Kitten comes across a crack in the wall.
Tom Kitten squeezes through the crack in the wall.
Tom Kitten finds himself under the attic's floorboards.
Tom Kitten meets the rats, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and his wife Anna Maria.
Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria catch Tom Kitten.
Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria cover Tom Kitten with butter and dough.
Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria have stolen butter and dough.
Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria intend to eat Tom Kitten as a pudding.
Moppet and Mittens see Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria.
Moppet and Mittens are hiding from their mother.
Moppet and Mittens see Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria stealing the dough, butter, and rolling-pin.
Moppet and Mittens proceed to settle the dough with a rolling-pin.
The noise from Moppet and Mittens settling the dough gets through the floorboards.
The noise attracts the attention of Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit.
The noise attracts the attention of Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit's cousin Ribby.
Ribby has been helping search for Tom Kitten.
Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit and Ribby quickly call for John Joiner.
John Joiner is a carpenter.
John Joiner saws open the floor.
John Joiner rescues Tom Kitten.
Tom Kitten has the dough removed.
Tom Kitten is washed.
The remains of the dumpling are eaten by the family.
Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria escape to the barn of Farmer Potatoes.
Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria spread their chaos to another location.
Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria leave the cat family residence in peace.
Farmer Potatoes mentions seeing Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria making their escape.
Farmer Potatoes sees Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria using a wheelbarrow.
The wheelbarrow looks like Farmer Potatoes' own wheelbarrow.
Tom Kitten is so affected by the incident that he is afraid of anything larger than a mouse.
Moppet and Mittens become fine rat-catchers.