Rupert Saint Leger inherits his uncle's estate worth more than one million pounds.
Rupert Saint Leger must live for a year in his uncle's castle in the Land of the Blue Mountains on the Dalmatian coast to inherit the estate.
Rupert Saint Leger tries to win the trust of the conservative mountaineer population.
Rupert Saint Leger uses his fortune to buy modern arms for the conservative mountaineer population.
Rupert Saint Leger buys modern arms from a South American country that has unexpectedly found itself at peace.
The conservative mountaineer population is fighting against Turkish invasion.
The story was written shortly before the Balkan Wars.
A pale woman wearing a wet shroud visits Rupert Saint Leger in his room in the castle on a wet night.
The pale woman seeks warmth from Rupert Saint Leger.
Rupert Saint Leger lets the pale woman dry herself before his fire.
The pale woman flees before morning.
The pale woman visits Rupert Saint Leger several more times.
The pale woman visits Rupert Saint Leger only at night.
Rupert Saint Leger and the pale woman hardly speak.
Rupert Saint Leger falls in love with the pale woman.
Rupert Saint Leger thinks the pale woman is a vampire.
Rupert Saint Leger visits the local church.
Rupert Saint Leger finds the pale woman in a glass-topped stone coffin in the crypt of the local church.
Rupert Saint Leger declares his love for the pale woman, be she living or undead.
The pale woman arranges the marriage in an Orthodox ceremony conducted by candlelight in the local church one night.
Rupert Saint Leger does not know the pale woman's name.
The pale woman says she must still live alone in the crypt for the present.
The pale woman is kidnapped by a forward party of Turkish troops.
Rupert Saint Leger learns that the pale woman is named Teuta.
Teuta is the living daughter of the local Voivode.
The local Voivode is currently returning from a visit to America.
Teuta had fallen into a trance.
Teuta was declared dead.
Teuta was revived after being declared dead.
The local leaders and clergy spread a story of vampirism about Teuta.
The story of vampirism was more acceptable to the uneducated locals than the truth.
Teuta spent her days in the coffin in the crypt.
Teuta came out seeking warmth in the castle during heavy rain when the crypt flooded.
Teuta grew up in the castle.
Teuta knew all the secret entrances of the castle.
Teuta had meetings with Rupert Saint Leger behind locked gates.
Rupert Saint Leger leads a relief force.
The relief force kills Teuta's kidnappers.
The relief force rescues Teuta.
News arrives that the Voivode has just returned to the country.
The Voivode is kidnapped by Turks himself.
Rupert Saint Leger and the relief force race back to the coast.
Rupert Saint Leger unloads an aeroplane with a near-silent engine from the munitions ship.
The munitions ship has just arrived.
Rupert Saint Leger unloads sets of bullet-proof clothes from the munitions ship.
The kidnapped Voivode is tracked to a nearby castle ruin.
Rupert Saint Leger pilots the plane onto the castle wall as if it were a balloon or dirigible.
Rupert Saint Leger lowers Teuta by rope to her father.
Rupert Saint Leger dons a set of bullet-proof clothes.
Teuta and Rupert Saint Leger are also wearing bullet-proof clothes.
Rupert Saint Leger hauls both Teuta and himself up to the aircraft.
Rupert Saint Leger silently flies off in the aircraft.
The castle is then attacked by local troops.
The Turks are defeated.
Teuta subsequently reveals her marriage to Rupert Saint Leger to her father.
Teuta's father welcomes Rupert Saint Leger into the family.
Teuta's father welcomes Rupert Saint Leger into the country.