Hans Brinker is a 15-year-old boy.
Gretel is Hans Brinker’s younger sister.
Hans Brinker and Gretel yearn to participate in December's great ice skating race on the canal.
Hans Brinker and Gretel have little chance of doing well on their handmade wooden skates.
The prospect of the race excites Hans Brinker and Gretel.
The prize of the silver skates fires the dreams of Hans Brinker and Gretel.
Raff Brinker is Hans Brinker and Gretel's father.
Raff Brinker is sick and amnesiac.
Raff Brinker has violent episodes.
Raff Brinker’s violent episodes are caused by a head injury.
Raff Brinker’s head injury was caused by a fall from a dike.
Raff Brinker cannot work.
Mrs. Brinker must work to support the family.
Hans Brinker must work to support the family.
Gretel must work to support the family.
The Brinker family is looked down upon in the community.
The Brinker family is looked down upon because of their low income.
The Brinker family is looked down upon because of their poor status.
Hans Brinker has a chance meeting with Dr. Boekman.
Dr. Boekman is a famous surgeon.
Hans Brinker begs Dr. Boekman to treat Raff Brinker.
Dr. Boekman is expensive.
Dr. Boekman is gruff in nature.
Dr. Boekman is gruff in nature following the loss of his wife.
Dr. Boekman is gruff in nature following the disappearance of his son.
Dr. Boekman is persuaded to examine Raff Brinker.
Dr. Boekman diagnoses Raff Brinker with pressure on the brain.
Pressure on the brain can be cured by a risky operation.
The risky operation involves trephining.
Hans Brinker offers his own money to Dr. Boekman.
Hans Brinker saved his own money in the hope of buying steel skates.
Dr. Boekman provides Raff Brinker’s surgery for free.
Hans Brinker is able to buy good skates for himself.
Hans Brinker is able to buy good skates for Gretel.
Gretel wins the girls' race.
Hans Brinker lets a friend win the Silver Skates in the boys' race.
The friend needs the Silver Skates more than Hans Brinker.
Mr. Brinker's operation is successful.
Mr. Brinker is restored to health.
Mr. Brinker is restored to memory.
Dr. Boekman is changed after the operation.
Dr. Boekman loses his gruff ways.
Dr. Boekman is able to be reunited with his lost son.
Mr. Brinker aids Dr. Boekman in reuniting with his lost son.
Mr. Brinker's savings were thought lost or stolen ten years ago.
Mr. Brinker’s savings are recovered.
The Brinker parents live a long life.
The Brinker parents live a happy life.
Dr. Boekman helps Hans Brinker go to medical school.
Hans Brinker becomes a successful doctor.
Gretel grows up to enjoy a happy adult life.