Barney Custer is a young American from Beatrice, Nebraska.
Barney Custer is the son of an American farmer.
Barney Custer is the son of a runaway Luthan princess named Victoria Rubinroth.
Barney Custer is unaware of his royal blood.
Barney Custer is unaware that he is a dead ringer for his relative Leopold.
Leopold is the current king of Lutha.
Barney Custer visits Lutha on the eve of the First World War.
Barney Custer visits Lutha to see his mother's native land.
King Leopold has just escaped from ten years of imprisonment.
King Leopold was imprisoned by his uncle, Prince Peter of Blentz.
Barney Custer is mistaken for King Leopold.
Barney Custer's mistaken identity leads to numerous complications.
Barney Custer meets Princess Emma Von Der Tann.
Princess Emma Von Der Tann is Leopold's promised bride.
Barney Custer falls in love with Princess Emma Von Der Tann.
Barney Custer becomes intimately involved in Luthan affairs.
Barney Custer works to help King Leopold.
Barney Custer allows himself to be proclaimed as king.
Barney Custer impersonates King Leopold to prevent Prince Peter from seizing the throne.
Barney Custer succeeds in foiling Prince Peter's plans to become king.
Barney Custer rescues the real King Leopold.
Barney Custer fights for the real King Leopold.
King Leopold discovers the shared love between Barney Custer and Princess Emma Von Der Tann.
Barney Custer is forced to leave Lutha.
Barney Custer mimics the flight of his father.
Barney Custer's father left with a princess.
Barney Custer leaves Lutha with only a soldier.
The first part of the novel ends with Barney Custer leaving Lutha.
World War I has begun.
King Leopold has proven himself to be a bad ruler.
King Leopold has not yet persuaded Princess Emma Von Der Tann to marry him.
Barney Custer's soldier friend leaves the farm.
Barney Custer's soldier friend returns to Lutha.
Barney Custer is attacked by one of Prince Peter's henchmen.
Barney Custer decides to return to Lutha.
Barney Custer has an adventurous trip across war-torn Europe.
Barney Custer is mistaken for a spy by the Austrians.
Barney Custer barely escapes a firing squad.
Barney Custer finally reaches Lutha.
Barney Custer is forced to impersonate the king again.
Barney Custer impersonates the king to save Lutha from the Austrians.
Barney Custer makes a diplomatic alliance with Serbia.
Barney Custer defeats the Austrians in person.
Barney Custer saves Lutha.
The real King Leopold is mistaken for Barney Custer.
The real King Leopold is killed by one of Prince Peter's henchmen.
Barney Custer consents to remain as king of Lutha.
Barney Custer is married to Princess Emma Von Der Tann.