Many of the events of the novel are narrated twice.
The 'editor' gives his account of the facts as he understands them to be.
The 'sinner' narrates in his own words.
The 'Editor's Narrative' starts in 1687.
Rabina Orde marries George Colwan, Laird of Dalcastle.
Rabina Orde despises George Colwan.
Rabina Orde despises George Colwan because he falls short of her extreme religious beliefs.
George Colwan loves dancing.
George Colwan has a penchant for drinking alcohol.
Rabina Orde initially flees George Colwan.
Rabina Orde's father forces her back to George Colwan.
Rabina Orde and George Colwan live separately in one house.
Rabina Orde gives birth to two sons.
The first son is named George.
George is indisputably the son of George Colwan.
It is strongly implied that Robert is fathered by Reverend Wringhim.
Reverend Wringhim is Rabina Orde’s spiritual adviser.
Reverend Wringhim is Rabina Orde’s close confidante.
Robert is the second son of Rabina Orde.
George Colwan is raised by George Colwan.
George Colwan becomes a popular young man.
George Colwan enjoys sport.
George Colwan enjoys the company of his friends.
Robert is educated by Rabina Orde.
Robert is educated by Reverend Wringhim.
Robert is brought up to follow Wringhim’s radical antinomian sect of Calvinism.
Wringhim’s radical antinomian sect of Calvinism holds that only certain elect people are predestined to be saved by God.
The chosen few will have a heavenly reward regardless of how their lives are lived.
George Colwan and Robert meet in Edinburgh.
Robert starts following George Colwan through the town.
Robert mocks George Colwan.
Robert provokes George Colwan.
Robert disrupts George Colwan's life.
Robert appears to have the ability to appear wherever George Colwan is.
George Colwan sees a vision of Robert in the sky.
George Colwan turns to find Robert behind him.
Robert is preparing to throw George Colwan off a cliff.
Robert rejects any friendly advances from George Colwan.
George Colwan is murdered by being stabbed in the back.
George Colwan is murdered during a duel with one of his drinking acquaintances.
The only witnesses to George Colwan's murder are a prostitute and her despicable client.
The prostitute and her despicable client claim that the culprit was Robert.
The prostitute and her despicable client claim that Robert was aided by what appears to be the double of George Colwan’s friend.
Robert disappears before he can be arrested.
The second part of the novel consists of Robert's account of his life.
Robert's account of his life purports to be a document.
The document is part-handwritten and part-printed.
The document was found after Robert's death.
The document recounts Robert's childhood under the influence of Reverend Wringhim.
The document explains how Robert becomes in thrall to an enigmatic companion.
The enigmatic companion says his name is Gil-Martin.
Gil-Martin could be seen to be the Devil.
Gil-Martin appears after Reverend Wringhim declares Robert to be a member of 'the elect'.
Gil-Martin declares Robert is predestined to eternal salvation.
Gil-Martin is able to transform his appearance at will.
Gil-Martin directs all of Robert’s pre-existing tendencies and beliefs to evil purposes.
Gil-Martin convinces Robert that it is his mission to “cut sinners off with the sword.”
Gil-Martin convinces Robert that murder can be the correct course of action.
Robert falls into the delusion that he is Peter the Great of Russia.
Peter the Great of Russia visited England about that time.
The confession traces Robert's gradual decline into despair and madness.
Robert's doubts about the righteousness of his cause are counteracted by Gil-Martin’s increasing domination over his life.
Robert loses control over his own identity.
Robert loses track of time.
During lost weeks and months, it is suggested that Gil-Martin assumes Robert’s appearance.
Gil-Martin is suggested to commit further crimes.
There are suggestions that 'Gil-Martin' is a figment of Robert's imagination.
'Gil-Martin' is simply an aspect of Robert's own personality.
The sinner writes, 'I feel as if I were the same person' as Gil-Martin.
Robert flees.
Robert is pursued and tormented by devils.
Robert can find refuge only as a shepherd.
Robert hangs himself with a grass rope.
It is suggested that Robert is aided by devils.
The novel concludes with a return to the 'Editor's Narrative'.
The 'Editor's Narrative' explains how the sinner's memoir was discovered in his grave.
Hogg appears as himself in the final section.
Hogg expresses scorn of the project to open the grave.