The Universal House of Justice asserts that world peace is possible.
World peace is now within reach for the first time in human history.
The current international system of governance is flawed.
The current international system of governance is unable to eradicate the threats of war.
The current international system of governance is unable to eradicate the threats of terrorism.
The current international system of governance is unable to eradicate the threats of anarchy.
The current international system of governance is unable to eradicate the threats of economic instability.
There is a widespread belief that human beings are intrinsically hostile.
There is a widespread belief that human beings are intrinsically aggressive.
The flaws in the current international system make long-term global peace unsustainable.
The human race has been developing through its history.
The human race has been maturing through its history.
Human beings are fundamentally spiritual in nature.
Human beings are the creation of God.
Human beings are capable of building civilization.
Human beings are capable of creating a peaceful world if they decide to do so.
The Universal House of Justice asserts that peace cannot occur without religion.
The Universal House of Justice quotes Baha’u’llah.
Baha’u’llah is the founder of the Baha’i Faith.
Religion is the greatest of all means for the establishment of order in the world.
Religion is the greatest of all means for the peaceful contentment of all that dwell therein.
The source of religious strife does not lie with the different religions themselves.
The source of religious strife lies with the negligence of humanity.
The source of religious strife lies with the imposition of erroneous interpretations.
Erroneous interpretations have separated faith from reason.
Erroneous interpretations have separated science from religion.
Societies around the world have rejected religion as irrelevant.
Societies around the world have adopted a wide number of ideologies.
The ideologies adopted by societies around the world have failed to serve the interests of humanity as a whole.
Peace cannot be achieved simply by banning particular weapons.
Peace cannot be achieved simply by resolving specific conflicts.
Peace cannot be achieved simply by signing new treaties.
Peace requires a whole new level of commitment.
A new framework must be adopted for peace.
The new framework for peace must be based on several overarching principles.
The new framework for peace must be based on a genuine interest in creating a peaceful world.
The underlying problems that must be addressed include racism and discrimination based on race.
The underlying problems that must be addressed include discrimination based on gender.
The underlying problems that must be addressed include discrimination based on religious belief.
The underlying problems that must be addressed include the inordinate disparity between the rich and the poor.
The underlying problems that must be addressed include unbridled nationalism.
The underlying problems that must be addressed include religious strife.
The underlying problems that must be addressed include the inequality between men and women.
The underlying problems that must be addressed include the lack of educational opportunity for many around the world.
The underlying problems that must be addressed include a fundamental lack of communication between peoples.
Peace must be founded on the understanding that mankind is essentially one human family.
The Universal House of Justice calls for the leaders of the world to gather.
The Universal House of Justice calls for the leaders of the world to deliberate on the problem.
The Universal House of Justice calls for the full support of the United Nations.
The Universal House of Justice calls for the willing assent of all people for the process of deliberation.