Olivia is a female lovely.
Olivia has fled captivity from the city of Akif.
Shah Amurath is a sadistic rogue.
Shah Amurath is Olivia's pursuer and former master.
A figure rises from the reeds before Shah Amurath can lay hands on Olivia.
The newcomer has seen all his friends betrayed and cut down to a man.
The newcomer has escaped into the marshes.
The newcomer has hidden out for so long that he is nearly mad.
The newcomer quickly dispatches Shah Amurath.
The newcomer and Olivia hop in a boat.
The newcomer and Olivia decide to lie low for a little while.
The newcomer identifies himself as Conan the Cimmerian.
Conan and Olivia find their way to a dark and apparently deserted island.
Conan and Olivia spend the night sleeping in ancient ruins.
The ancient ruins are decorated with remarkably lifelike statues.
Olivia has a dream in which she sees a band of men turned into statues.
Olivia wakes convinced that the statues will come to life in the moonlight.
Conan is less than convinced of Olivia's fears.
Conan is more concerned by whatever is lurking in the jungle.
Something in the jungle is lobbing giant boulders at Conan and Olivia.
A pirate ship makes port on the island.
Conan leaves Olivia hidden in the brush.
Conan challenges the pirate captain.
The pirate captain is an old rival of Conan.
Conan slays the pirate captain.
Conan is knocked unconscious by a stone from a sling.
The pirates bind Conan.
The pirates take Conan with them to the ruins.
The pirates discuss Conan's fate until they pass out drunk.
Olivia narrowly escapes from a massive and dark figure.
The massive and dark figure pursues Olivia up to the ruins.
Olivia sneaks past the drunken and sleeping pirates.
Olivia frees Conan.
Conan slays the dark figure that pursued Olivia.
The dark figure is a giant man-ape.
The giant man-ape had also been hurling boulders at Conan and Olivia.
Conan recovers from his battle with the man-ape.
Conan and Olivia hear the beginning of a horrific slaughter back at the ruins.
Conan and Olivia quickly head back to the deserted pirate ship.
Conan prepares the ship to sail.
A band of beaten and bedraggled pirates comes and asks to come aboard.
The pirates want to leave the "devil island."
Conan challenges the beaten and bedraggled pirates.
The pirates accept Conan as their captain.
Olivia begs Conan to allow her to stay with him.
Conan laughs and accepts Olivia's request.
Conan says he will make Olivia "Queen of the Blue Sea."