Ojo the very unlucky is a young Munchkin boy.
Ojo is devoted to life with his uncle Unc Nunkie in the wilderness.
Ojo is on the verge of starvation.
Ojo goes to see a neighboring magician.
The magician is an old friend of Unc Nunkie.
The magician's name is Dr. Pipt.
Ojo and Dr. Pipt see a demonstration of the Pipt-made Powder of Life.
The Powder of Life animates any object it touches after saying the magic words.
Unc Nunkie suffers the consequences of another of Dr. Pipt's inventions.
The invention is called the Liquid of Petrifaction.
The Liquid of Petrifaction turns Unc Nunkie into a solid marble statue.
Dr. Pipt's wife suffers the consequences of the Liquid of Petrifaction.
Dr. Pipt's wife is turned into a solid marble statue.
Ojo's quest is to collect the five components of an antidote to the Liquid of Petrifaction.
One component is a six-leaved clover.
The six-leaved clover is found only in the Emerald City.
Another component is three hairs from the tip of a Woozy's tail.
Another component is a gill of water from a dark well.
A dark well is one that remains untouched by natural light.
Another component is a drop of oil from a live man's body.
The last component is the left wing of a yellow butterfly.
Ojo receives help from a life-size patchwork doll named Scraps.
Ojo receives help from Bungle the snobbish Glass Cat.
Bungle is another of Dr. Pipt's creations.
Ojo receives help from the Woozy.
Ojo receives help from Dorothy.
Ojo receives help from the Shaggy Man.
Ojo receives help from the Scarecrow.
Ojo gathers all of the supplies except the left wing.
The Tin Woodman rules the yellow Winkie Country.
The yellow Winkie Country is the only place where yellow butterflies grow.
The Tin Woodman will not allow any living thing to be killed.
The Tin Woodman will not allow any living thing to be killed even to save another's life.
The party returns to the Emerald City.
The Wizard of Oz is one of the few allowed to lawfully practice magic in Oz.
The Wizard of Oz uses his own magic to restore Unc Nunkie.
The Wizard of Oz uses his own magic to restore Dr. Pipt's wife.
Ojo's story is a growth process for Ojo.
Ojo learns that luck is not a matter of who you are or what you have.
Ojo learns that luck is a matter of what you do.
Ojo is renamed "Ojo the Lucky."
Ojo appears in the following Oz books.