The Man of Feeling details the fragmentary episodes of the life of Harley.
Harley's life exists within the remains of a manuscript.
The manuscript was traded to the initial narrator of the novel by a priest.
The novel begins with the initial narrator and the priest hunting.
The manuscript is missing the first ten chapters.
The manuscript is missing approximately thirty other chapters.
The missing chapters are located at various locations throughout the manuscript's entirety.
As a young boy, Harley loses his parents.
Harley is assigned several guardians.
The guardians constantly disagree with each other.
The guardians agree that Harley should make an effort to acquire more wealth.
The guardians urge Harley to make an old distant relative amiable towards him.
Harley is urged to claim some inheritance from the old distant relative.
Harley fails in this endeavour.
Harley does not cooperate with the relative's attempts to warm to him.
Harley is advised to acquire a patron.
Harley is advised to sell his vote at an election for a lease of land.
Mr. Walton gives Harley a letter of introduction.
Harley leaves home for London.
Harley leaves Miss Walton for London.
Harley meets a beggar on the way to London.
Harley meets the beggar's dog on the way to London.
Harley donates to the beggar and his dog.
Harley hears the fortune-telling beggar's story.
Harley formally visits the baronet recommended by Mr. Walton.
Harley is calling on the baronet for the second time.
The baronet is away from London.
Harley meets another gentleman named Tom.
Harley and Tom go for a stroll.
Harley and Tom dine together.
Harley and Tom discuss pensions and resources with two older men.
Harley visits Bedlam.
Harley weeps for an inmate at Bedlam.
Harley dines with a scorned, cynical man.
Harley and the scorned, cynical man discuss honour and vanity.
Harley demonstrates his skill in physiognomy.
Many argue that Harley lacks skill in physiognomy.
Harley is charitable on behalf of an old gentleman.
Harley later plays cards with the old gentleman.
Harley loses money to the old gentleman and his acquaintance.
Harley is informed that the old gentleman and his acquaintance are con men.
Harley is approached by a prostitute.
Harley takes the prostitute to a tavern.
Harley feeds the prostitute.
Harley hands the waiter his pocket watch as collateral for paying the bill.
Harley meets the prostitute again the next morning.
Harley hears the prostitute's story.
The prostitute's father arrives at the conclusion of her story.
The prostitute's father reconciles with his daughter after a misunderstanding.
Jamie is deemed the 'man of feeling' as a result of his loss of control over his emotions.
Harley discovers that his claim for the land lease has failed.
Harley takes a stage-coach back home.
Harley discusses poetry and vice with a fellow passenger.
Harley and the fellow passenger part ways.
The stage-coach reaches the end of its route.
Harley continues on foot after leaving the stage-coach.
Harley meets Edwards, an old farmer from his village.
Edwards has fallen on hard times.
Edwards is returning from his conscription in the army.
Harley and Edwards approach the village together.
Harley and Edwards find the school house destroyed.
Harley and Edwards find two orphans.
The two orphans are actually the grandchildren of Harley's companion.
Harley takes the three orphans home.
Harley provides some land for the three orphans.
Harley discusses corrupt military commanders with Edwards.
Harley is informed that Miss Walton is going to be married to Sir Harry Benson.
The Man of Feeling jumps to an unconnected tale of a man named Mountford.
Mountford journeys to Milan as tutor to the young Sedley.
Mountford and Sedley meet with a count in Milan.
Mountford and Sedley visit a debtors' prison.
Mountford and Sedley find a man and his family living in the debtors' prison.
The man and his family are living in the debtors' prison at the behest of the count's son.
The count's son had been charming to Mountford and Sedley.
Sedley pays the family's debt.
Mountford and Sedley leave Milan in disgust.
The narrative returns to the story of Harley.
Miss Walton has not married Sir Harry Benson.
Miss Walton visits an unwell Harley.
Harley has contracted a fever while nursing Edwards and his grandchildren.
Harley confesses his love to Miss Walton.
Harley and Miss Walton hold hands.
Harley dies.