Dr. Samuel Ferguson is a scholar and explorer.
Joe is Dr. Samuel Ferguson's manservant.
Richard "Dick" Kennedy is Dr. Samuel Ferguson's friend and a professional hunter.
Dr. Samuel Ferguson sets out to travel across the African continent.
The African continent is still not fully explored.
Dr. Samuel Ferguson uses a balloon filled with hydrogen for the travel.
Dr. Samuel Ferguson has invented a mechanism that eliminates the need to release gas or throw ballast overboard to control altitude.
The mechanism allows very long trips to be taken.
The voyage is meant to link together the voyages of Sir Richard Burton and John Hanning Speke in East Africa.
The voyage is meant to link together the voyages of Heinrich Barth in the regions of the Sahara and Chad.
The trip begins in Zanzibar on the east coast of Africa.
The trip passes across Lake Victoria.
The trip passes across Lake Chad.
The trip passes through Agadez.
The trip passes through Timbuktu.
The trip passes through Djenné.
The trip passes through Ségou.
The trip ends in St Louis in modern-day Senegal on the west coast of Africa.
The book describes the unknown interior of Africa near modern-day Central African Republic as a desert.
The unknown interior of Africa near modern-day Central African Republic is actually savanna.
A good deal of the initial exploration focuses on finding the source of the Nile.
The event of finding the source of the Nile occurs in chapter 18 out of 43.
The second leg of the trip is to link up with other explorers.
There are numerous scenes of adventure in the story.
Some scenes of adventure involve a conflict with a native.
Some scenes of adventure involve a conflict with the environment.
One scene involves rescuing a missionary from a tribe that was preparing to sacrifice him.
One scene involves running out of water while stranded, windless, over the Sahara.
One scene involves an attack on the balloon by condors.
Joe leaps out of the balloon during the attack by condors.
Actions are taken to rescue Joe later.
The protagonists narrowly escape the remnants of a militant army.
The balloon dwindles to nothingness with the loss of hydrogen.
An anachronistic killing of a Bluebuck antelope occurs in the story.
The Bluebuck antelope species was already extinct at the time of the story.
The protagonists overcome challenges by continued perseverance.
The novel is filled with coincidental moments.
Trouble is avoided because wind catches up at just the right time.
Trouble is avoided because the characters look in just the right direction.
There are frequent references to a higher power watching out for the protagonists.
The balloon ultimately fails before the end of the story.
The balloon makes it far enough across to get the protagonists to friendly lands.
The balloon eventually gets the protagonists back to England.
The expedition succeeds.
The story abruptly ends after the African trip.
The story includes only a brief synopsis of what follows after the African trip.