The novel begins in the 1790s.
The novel is set in the coastal town of Monkshaven.
Monkshaven is modeled on Whitby, England.
The practice of impressment occurs during the early phases of the Napoleonic Wars.
Sylvia Robson lives happily with her parents on a farm.
Sylvia Robson is passionately loved by her cousin Philip.
Philip is a rather dull Quaker.
Sylvia Robson meets Charlie Kinraid.
Sylvia Robson falls in love with Charlie Kinraid.
Charlie Kinraid is a dashing sailor on a whaling vessel.
Sylvia Robson and Charlie Kinraid become secretly engaged.
Charlie Kinraid goes back to his ship.
Charlie Kinraid is forcibly enlisted in the Royal Navy by a press gang.
Philip witnesses the scene of Charlie Kinraid being forcibly enlisted.
Philip does not tell Sylvia Robson about the incident.
Philip does not relay Charlie Kinraid's parting message to Sylvia Robson.
Sylvia Robson believes her lover Charlie Kinraid is dead.
Sylvia Robson eventually marries her cousin Philip.
Sylvia Robson's marriage to Philip is primarily prompted out of gratefulness.
Philip assists Sylvia Robson during a difficult time.
Sylvia Robson's father is imprisoned.
Sylvia Robson's father is executed for leading a revengeful raid on press-gang collaborators.
Sylvia Robson and Philip have a daughter.
Charlie Kinraid inevitably returns to claim Sylvia Robson.
Sylvia Robson discovers that Philip knew Charlie Kinraid was still alive.
Philip leaves Sylvia Robson in despair.
Sylvia Robson experiences rage and rejection towards Philip.
Sylvia Robson refuses to live with Charlie Kinraid because of her child.
Philip joins the army under a pseudonym.
Philip ends up fighting in the Napoleonic Wars.
Philip saves Charlie Kinraid's life.
Charlie Kinraid returns to Britain.
Charlie Kinraid marries.
Charlie Kinraid's wife knows nothing of his history with Sylvia Robson.
Charlie Kinraid's wife informs Sylvia Robson that Charlie Kinraid is a great military leader.
Charlie Kinraid's marriage suggests to Sylvia Robson that he was not as faithful to her.
Sylvia Robson realizes she is actually in love with Philip.
Philip is horribly disfigured by a shipboard explosion.
Philip returns to the small Northumbrian village.
Philip tries to secretly get a glimpse of his child.
Philip stays with the sister of a servant of Sylvia Robson's deceased parents.
Philip rescues his child when she nearly drowns.
Philip is fatally injured while saving his daughter.
Philip's identity becomes known after he is fatally injured.
Philip is reconciled with Sylvia Robson on his deathbed.