Rachel Ray is the younger daughter of a lawyer's widow.
Rachel Ray lives with her mother, Mrs. Ray, and her widowed sister, Dorothea Prime.
Rachel Ray, Mrs. Ray, and Dorothea Prime live in a cottage near Exeter in Devon.
Mrs. Ray is amiable.
Mrs. Ray is weak.
Mrs. Ray is unable to make decisions on her own.
Mrs. Ray is ruled by her older daughter, Rachel Ray.
Dorothea Prime is a strict Evangelical.
Dorothea Prime is a gloomy Evangelical.
Dorothea Prime is persuaded that all worldly joys are impediments to salvation.
Rachel Ray is courted by Luke Rowan.
Luke Rowan is a young man from London.
Luke Rowan has inherited an interest in the profitable local brewery.
Dorothea Prime suspects Luke Rowan's morals.
Dorothea Prime suspects Luke Rowan's motives.
Dorothea Prime communicates her suspicions about Luke Rowan to Mrs. Ray.
Mrs. Ray consults her pastor, Charles Comfort.
Charles Comfort is a Low Churchman.
Charles Comfort vouches for Luke Rowan.
Mrs. Ray allows Rachel Ray to accept Luke Rowan's offer of marriage.
Rowan falls into a dispute with the senior proprietor of the brewery.
Rowan returns to London to seek legal advice.
Rumours circulate about Luke Rowan's conduct in Devon.
Charles Comfort believes the rumours about Luke Rowan.
Charles Comfort advises Mrs. Ray to end the engagement between Rachel Ray and Luke Rowan.
Rachel Ray obeys her mother's instructions.
Rachel Ray writes to Luke Rowan to release him from the engagement.
Luke Rowan fails to respond to Rachel Ray's letter.
Rachel Ray grows increasingly depressed.
Luke Rowan returns to Devon.
The dispute over the brewery is settled to Luke Rowan's satisfaction.
Luke Rowan calls upon the Rays.
Luke Rowan assures Rachel Ray that his love for her is still strong.
Rachel Ray assents to Luke Rowan's renewed proposals.
Marital bliss ensues for Rachel Ray and Luke Rowan.
A subplot involves the abortive courtship of Dorothea Prime by her pastor, Samuel Prong.
Samuel Prong is a zealous Evangelical.
Samuel Prong is an intolerant Evangelical.
Samuel Prong's religious beliefs are in agreement with Dorothea Prime's beliefs.
Samuel Prong insists on a husband's authority over his wife.
Samuel Prong insists on a husband's authority over the income from his wife's first husband's estate.
Dorothea Prime wants to retain control of her money.
Dorothea Prime is unwilling to submit to a husband's rule.