Marcus Yallow is a 17-year-old hacker and techno whiz from San Francisco.
Marcus Yallow attends a high school named after Cesar Chavez.
Vice principal Frederick Benson accuses Marcus Yallow of hacking into the school.
Marcus Yallow and vice principal Frederick Benson do not get along.
Marcus Yallow believes that vice principal Frederick Benson is perpetually trying to get rid of him.
Marcus Yallow is let go due to a lack of evidence.
Marcus Yallow returns to class after being let go.
Marcus Yallow and his best friend Darryl escape school to play a massive augmented reality role game.
The massive augmented reality role game partially involves a scavenger hunt around town.
Marcus Yallow and Darryl meet up with fellow group members and game players Vanessa and Jolu.
A series of explosions go off in the city while Marcus Yallow and his friends are searching for a part for the game.
The explosions set off sirens and alarms.
The sirens and alarms send everybody running for the shelters.
The group initially tries to go to the shelter.
The group decides to leave the shelter.
Darryl is stabbed in the crowd while leaving.
Marcus Yallow and his friends escape the crowd.
Marcus Yallow and his friends flag down a vehicle.
Darryl needs immediate medical attention.
Three men get out of the vehicle.
The three men put bags over each group member's head.
The three men shove Marcus Yallow and his friends into the vehicle.
Marcus Yallow and his friends arrive at an unknown location.
Marcus Yallow and his friends are put into a trailer.
Marcus Yallow and his friends are separated in the trailer.
Marcus Yallow and his friends are amongst many other people in the trailer.
Marcus Yallow and his friends find out that they are being held by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
The DHS is holding Marcus Yallow and his friends to interrogate them for suspicions of being connected to the terrorist attack.
A series of interrogations take place over a period of six days.
Marcus Yallow, Jolu, and Vanessa are finally released after the interrogations.
Darryl's whereabouts are unknown after the interrogations.
The DHS tells Marcus Yallow that they will be monitoring his actions and moves.
The DHS is monitoring Marcus Yallow because he is still a suspect.
Marcus Yallow is infuriated at how his civil rights are ignored.
Marcus Yallow revolts by setting up technological attacks on the DHS.
Marcus Yallow's goal is to thwart further efforts to restrict personal liberty.
Marcus Yallow sets up a network primarily composed of teenage members.
The network uses a game console so the teenage members can communicate freely.
The teenage members are fighting the surveillance state.
The actions of Marcus Yallow and the teenage members cause a war between the rebelling youth and the Department of Homeland Security.
A former prisoner tells Marcus Yallow that Darryl is still alive.
Marcus Yallow tells a reporter about his actions taken against the DHS.
Marcus Yallow tells his family about his actions taken against the DHS.
The report from the reporter is published.
The DHS takes Marcus Yallow into custody again.
During a waterboarding interrogation, highway patrol troopers raid the DHS compound.
The highway patrol troopers raid the DHS compound because of an order from the governor.
The highway patrol troopers arrest the DHS agents.
Darryl is subsequently freed.
Marcus Yallow returns to his life the way it was before the terrorist attacks.