The novel has a complex plot.
The complexity of the plot is common in Collins’ work.
A selfish and ambitious man casts off his wife.
The selfish and ambitious man casts off his wife in order to marry a wealthier woman.
The selfish and ambitious man casts off his wife in order to marry a better-connected woman.
The selfish and ambitious man takes advantage of a loophole in the marriage laws of Ireland.
The initial action takes place in the house of the widowed Lady Lundie.
Geoffrey Delamayn has promised marriage to his lover Anne Silvester.
Anne Silvester is the governess to Lady Lundie's stepdaughter Blanche.
Anne Silvester has incurred the enmity of her employer.
Geoffrey Delamayn is a spendthrift.
Geoffrey Delamayn is about to be disinherited.
Geoffrey Delamayn wishes to escape from his promise to Anne Silvester.
Geoffrey Delamayn wishes to marry a wealthy wife.
Geoffrey Delamayn is obliged to arrange a rendezvous with Anne Silvester.
Geoffrey Delamayn arranges the rendezvous with Anne Silvester in the character of his wife.
Geoffrey Delamayn documents the rendezvous in an exchange of notes with Anne Silvester.
Urgent matters force Geoffrey Delamayn to send his friend Arnold Brinkworth to Anne Silvester in his place.
Arnold Brinkworth is Blanche's fiancé.
To gain access to Anne Silvester, Arnold Brinkworth must ask for "his wife".
Nothing improper passes between Arnold Brinkworth and Anne Silvester.
Arnold Brinkworth and Anne Silvester appear to the landlady to be man and wife.
Arnold Brinkworth and Anne Silvester appear to Bishopriggs to be man and wife.
Both Geoffrey Delamayn and Arnold Brinkworth might be deemed to be married to Anne Silvester.
The weight put on the spoken and written evidence determines if Geoffrey Delamayn and Arnold Brinkworth are deemed to be married to Anne Silvester.
Most of the novel concerns the attempts of Anne Silvester, Geoffrey Delamayn, and Arnold Brinkworth to clarify their marital status.
Anne Silvester needs to be married to save her reputation.
Geoffrey Delamayn wishes to cast off Anne Silvester by asserting that she is married to Arnold Brinkworth.
Arnold Brinkworth wishes to marry Blanche.
Arnold Brinkworth fears he has accidentally already married Anne Silvester under Scots law.
Geoffrey Delamayn is a keen athlete.
Geoffrey Delamayn courts Mrs. Glenarm.
Mrs. Glenarm is a wealthy young widow.
Anne Silvester consults lawyers.
The lawyers give Anne Silvester conflicting advice about her position.
Anne Silvester tries to explain the situation to Mrs. Glenarm.
Mrs. Glenarm rebuffs Anne Silvester.
Arnold Brinkworth seeks the advice of Lady Lundie’s brother-in-law Sir Patrick Lundie.
Sir Patrick Lundie is a retired lawyer.
Sir Patrick Lundie approaches the problem with energy.
Geoffrey Delamayn’s determination that his scheme shall succeed is not immediately successful.
The unsatisfactory state of the law contributes to Geoffrey Delamayn’s scheme not being immediately successful.
Geoffrey Delamayn ascertains that the correspondence linking him and Anne Silvester exists.
The correspondence linking Geoffrey Delamayn and Anne Silvester was stolen at the inn by Bishopriggs.
Bishopriggs tries to extort money for the correspondence.
Anne Silvester strongly wishes to remove any impediment to Blanche and Arnold Brinkworth’s marriage.
Anne Silvester comes to the conclusion that she must retrieve the letter from Bishopriggs.
Anne Silvester forces Bishopriggs to give her the letter.
Anne Silvester threatens to reveal the contents of the letter to Bishopriggs.
Revealing the contents of the letter would make it worthless for blackmail.
Anne Silvester offers to reveal her relations with Geoffrey Delamayn.
Revealing her relations with Geoffrey Delamayn would cost Anne Silvester her reputation.
Sir Patrick Lundie is impressed by Anne Silvester's courageous and honourable behaviour.
Anne Silvester makes her revelations at a meeting of all the parties and their lawyers.
Geoffrey Delamayn can no longer avoid honouring his promise to Anne Silvester.
Geoffrey Delamayn acknowledges Anne Silvester as his wife.
A sub-plot concerns Geoffrey Delamayn’s athleticism.
Geoffrey Delamayn is discovered to have a serious physical ailment.
The serious physical ailment renders Geoffrey Delamayn liable to a paralytic stroke.
Geoffrey Delamayn collapses near the end of an important race.
Geoffrey Delamayn represents the South of England in the race against the North.
Geoffrey Delamayn's opponent is the victor in the race.
Geoffrey Delamayn's friends desert him.
Geoffrey Delamayn's friends desert him after losing their bets placed on him.
The novel finally becomes a thriller.
Geoffrey Delamayn takes Anne Silvester to a secluded cottage.
Hester Dethridge is the cook-housekeeper at the secluded cottage.
Hester Dethridge is mute.
Hester Dethridge inadvertently reveals to Geoffrey Delamayn that she murdered her husband.
Hester Dethridge's husband was brutal and rapacious.
Hester Dethridge murdered her husband by dismantling part of the wall of his locked bedroom.
Hester Dethridge murdered her husband by leaning through and smothering him.
Geoffrey Delamayn forces Hester Dethridge to show him how to murder Anne Silvester.
Geoffrey Delamayn gets Anne Silvester to sleep in a suitably-placed bed.
Geoffrey Delamayn suffers a stroke when about to smother Anne Silvester.
Geoffrey Delamayn is unconscious when Hester Dethridge throttles him.
Hester Dethridge belatedly recognizes the enormity of what she has been abetting.
Sir Patrick Lundie knows the danger in which Anne Silvester is placed.
Sir Patrick Lundie has kept watch outside the house.
Anne Silvester gives the alarm.
Sir Patrick Lundie duly rescues Anne Silvester.
In the final scene, Lady Lundie awaits a visit from Sir Patrick Lundie.
Lady Lundie is chagrined to discover that the lady in question takes precedence over her in the family.
The lady in question is Anne Silvester.
Anne Silvester is Lady Lundie's enemy.