The film opens with a scene of newspapers and news broadcasts describing an orphanage that was burned down.
The burning of the orphanage resulted in several deaths.
The film then turns to seven friends starting out on a road trip to Las Vegas.
Phil (JoJo Wright) records the trip for his girlfriend Julia.
The group hits a road block en route to their destination.
The road block prompts the group to take a detour.
The detour results in several flat tires.
The group decides that the women will remain behind to watch the truck.
The men go to look for help.
The men eventually come across a rest-stop motel that sells tires.
The men introduce themselves to the gas attendant Brad.
The men introduce themselves to the shop owner Steve (Braxton Davis).
The men introduce themselves to Norah (Dallas Lovato).
Steve offers to fix the truck.
Steve offers to pick up the girls.
Steve offers free alcoholic drinks.
Steve offers to let the group stay at the neighboring motel for the night.
One of the group members, Todd (Dustin Harnish), is originally hesitant about the proposition.
Todd eventually agrees to the proposition.
The group has a wild night of drinking and partying.
The group falls asleep in the motel.
The group eventually wakes up the next morning/afternoon.
At first, everything appears normal.
It soon becomes clear that Steve and his cohorts are nowhere to be found on the premises.
None of the friends remembers much about what happened the previous night.
Four of the friends (Jordan, Brandy, Ryan, Andy) wake up realizing they are tied up or otherwise physically incapacitated.
Jordan is tied up to a chair in the bathroom next to the bathtub.
A bucket is on Jordan's arm.
An electric wire is tied to Jordan's hand.
Brandy is tied up in the bathtub.
Ryan is tied to a chair in his room.
Anna is tied up on the bed, at her hands and her feet.
At first, the friends believe this to be some sort of bad joke.
Todd and Claire witness Phil being intentionally decapitated by Brad.
It becomes clear that Steve, Brad, Norah, and Chloe are cruel, sadistic sociopaths.
Steve, Brad, Norah, and Chloe call themselves "the helpers."
The helpers are intent on torturing and murdering the group.
Claire (Kristen Quintrall) and Todd are locked in their motel room.
Claire and Todd are forced to watch while their friends get murdered one by one.
The helpers go into Anna and Ryan's room.
The helpers reveal that each end of Anna's body is chained to a car.
The helpers will drive the cars and rip Anna's body in half.
The helpers do so while Ryan is tied up and unable to stop them.
The helpers then go into Jordan and Brandy's room.
The helpers explain that the wire attached to Jordan's arm will be lowered into the water in the bathtub.
The helpers will lower the wire by placing rocks in the bucket hanging from Jordan's arm.
The lowering of the wire will electrocute Brandy.
Brandy is presumed to be killed from being electrocuted four times.
Brandy is actually just knocked out from being electrocuted four times.
Jordan's arm with the wire was forcibly placed in the water.
The men remove Brandy from the tub.
The men leave Jordan with Norah.
Norah taunts Jordan.
Jordan pushes Norah into the tub.
Jordan electrocutes Norah with the wire.
Jordan kills Norah.
Jordan checks to see if Brandy is still alive.
Jordan revives Brandy.
Jordan and Brandy both escape.
Todd and Claire also manage to successfully escape from their room.
Todd and Claire are caught while attempting to flee.
Todd and Claire are brought back to the complex.
The helpers bring out Ryan.
Ryan is still tied to the chair.
The helpers shoot Ryan dead in front of the others.
The helpers chain Claire to the cars as they did to Anna.
The helpers threaten to rip Claire's body in half unless she admits that her father was the abusive owner of an orphanage.
Claire admits that her father was indeed the owner of an orphanage.
It is eventually revealed that the three murderers used to live in an orphanage run by Claire's father.
The three murderers were terribly abused and beaten in the orphanage.
The murderers intentionally set the group up to come by the motel.
The murderers found the motel/gas station.
The murderers killed the employees of the motel/gas station.
The murderers took over the motel/gas station.
The murderers placed road detour signs on the road.
The murderers placed sharp objects to puncture the cars' tires.
It is also revealed that the murderers burned down the orphanage before they left.
The news described the burning of the orphanage in the opening scene of the movie.
The murderers' main motive for their barbarism is revenge against Claire's father.
The murderers knew that the group was going on a road trip.
Phil's girlfriend, Julia, was one of the group members.
Jordan, Brandy, Todd, and Claire manage to escape.
The film ends with a scene "six months later."
In the scene "six months later," "the helpers" are working at another gas station.
"The helpers" ask their customers if they need any help.