The story portrays a crew of three male astronauts.
The crew of three male astronauts is launched in the near future.
The crew of three male astronauts is launched on a circumsolar mission.
The crew of three male astronauts is launched in the spaceship Sunbird.
A large solar flare damages the spaceship Sunbird.
The damage from the solar flare leaves the crew of three male astronauts drifting in space.
The crew of three male astronauts makes repeated attempts to contact NASA in Houston.
The crew of three male astronauts is unable to contact NASA in Houston.
The crew of three male astronauts begins to pick up strange radio communications.
Almost all of the voices in the strange radio communications are female.
The female voices in the strange radio communications usually have a strong Australian accent.
The crew of three male astronauts overhears conversations about personal matters.
The conversations overheard by the crew of three male astronauts include the birth of a cow.
The crew of three male astronauts overhears unknown slang terms.
Various theories are discussed by the crew of three male astronauts.
The crew of three male astronauts discusses the possibility of hallucinations.
The crew of three male astronauts discusses the possibility of a hoax.
The crew of three male astronauts discusses the possibility of a hostile power trying to trick them.
The crew of three male astronauts records the conversations.
The crew of three male astronauts plays back the conversations over and over.
The crew of three male astronauts tries to figure out what is going on.
The crew of three male astronauts realizes that unknown people are aware of them.
The unknown people are offering to help the crew of three male astronauts.
The commander of the Sunbird refuses to communicate with the unknown people at first.
The commander of the Sunbird is suspicious of the motives of the unknown people.
The unknown people continue to plead with the crew of three male astronauts to accept their rescue offer.
The crew of three male astronauts is chilled to hear their mission referred to in historical terms.
The crew of three male astronauts realizes that they were thrown off-course in space.
The crew of three male astronauts realizes that they were thrown off-course in time.
The flight of the crew of three male astronauts was lost centuries ago.
The crew of three male astronauts is given bare details of the current Earth.
An undefined cataclysm has reduced the human population to a mere few million.
The Sunbird agrees to rendezvous with the spaceship Gloria.
The astronauts will spacewalk to safety from the spaceship Gloria.
The spaceship Gloria is an enigma to the crew of three male astronauts.
The spaceship Gloria has an almost all-female crew.
The spaceship Gloria is haphazard and cluttered with plants and animals on board.
None of the technology on the spaceship Gloria seems very advanced.
Some of the ship's functions on the spaceship Gloria are powered by stationary bikes.
The culture shock of the crew of three male astronauts is compounded by cryptic answers.
The answers given to the crew of three male astronauts are incomplete.
The crew of three male astronauts gathers clues from observations.
The crew of three male astronauts gathers clues from slips of the tongue.
Crew members on the spaceship Gloria often refer to their "sisters."
There is no mention of husbands, boyfriends, or families by crew members on the spaceship Gloria.
There are twins on board the spaceship Gloria.
Both twins on board the spaceship Gloria are named Judy.
One twin named Judy seems older than the other twin named Judy.
The one male on board the spaceship Gloria is a teen named Andy.
The teen named Andy seems strangely feminine.
Technology, science, and culture on Earth seem relatively unadvanced.
The crew of three male astronauts eventually learns the truth.
A plague wiped out most human life on Earth.
The plague included all males.
Only about 11,000 people survived the plague.
The survivors of the plague are mostly concentrated in Australasia and a few other areas.
The survivors of the plague reproduce by cloning.
All living humans are clones of the original 11,000 genotypes.
Babies are raised communally in crèches.
All members of each genotype are encouraged to add their story to a book.
The book is passed on for the inspiration and education of future "sisters."
Certain genotypes are given early androgen treatments.
The early androgen treatments increase bulk and strength for physical tasks.
The resulting society is almost communal and maleless.
The maleless society has settled into a peaceful pattern.
The maleless society has no major conflict.
The maleless society seems happy.
The maleless society has little advancement.
The crew of three male astronauts react to the revelations in different ways.
The commander of the Sunbird considers the situation to be a great tragedy.
The commander of the Sunbird believes he was chosen by God to lead the females back.
The commander of the Sunbird believes men should be family leaders.
Another astronaut drools at the prospect of millions of women.
The other astronaut fancies himself the object of desire for the millions of women.
The third crew member uncovers that his crewmates have been given a drug.
The drug causes the crewmates to show their "true selves."
The third crew member realizes that they are not headed home.
The crew of the spaceship Gloria does not intend for the crew of three male astronauts to survive.
The crew of the spaceship Gloria is perfectly happy living without men.
The crew of the spaceship Gloria is studying the crew of three male astronauts.
The crew of the spaceship Gloria is pressing the crew of three male astronauts for useful information.
The over-amorous astronaut is used to obtain sperm samples.
The sperm samples are presumably to introduce fresh genetic material.
The sperm samples are presumably to create new genotypes.