Barbra (Judith O'Dea) and Johnny Blair (Russell Streiner) drive to rural Pennsylvania for an annual visit to their father's grave.
Barbara is attacked by a strange man (Bill Hinzman).
Johnny Blair tries to rescue Barbara.
The strange man throws Johnny Blair against a gravestone.
Johnny Blair strikes his head on the gravestone.
Johnny Blair is left unconscious.
Barbara escapes on foot.
The strange man pursues Barbara.
Barbara arrives at a farmhouse.
Barbara discovers a woman's mangled corpse in the farmhouse.
Barbara flees from the farmhouse.
Barbara is confronted by strange menacing figures.
Ben (Duane Jones) takes Barbara into the house.
Ben drives the "monsters" away.
Ben seals the doors and windows of the house.
Barbra slowly descends into a stupor of shock and insanity throughout the night.
Ben and Barbra are unaware that the farmhouse has a cellar.
The cellar houses an angry married couple named Harry (Karl Hardman) and Helen Cooper (Marilyn Eastman).
Harry Cooper and Helen Cooper are accompanied by their daughter Karen (Kyra Schon) in the cellar.
Harry Cooper, Helen Cooper, and Karen sought refuge after a group of the same monsters overturned their car.
Tom (Keith Wayne) and Judy (Judith Ridley) are a teenage couple.
Tom and Judy arrive after hearing an emergency broadcast about a series of brutal murders.
Karen has fallen seriously ill after being bitten by one of the monsters.
Ben turns on a radio.
Barbra awakens from her stupor when Ben turns on the radio.
Harry demands that everyone hide in the cellar.
Ben deems the cellar a "deathtrap."
Ben continues upstairs to barricade the house with Tom's help.
Radio reports explain that a wave of mass murder is sweeping across the eastern United States.
Ben finds a television.
Ben and others watch an emergency broadcaster (Charles Craig) report that the recently deceased have become reanimated.
The reanimated are consuming the flesh of the living.
Experts, scientists, and the United States military fail to discover the cause of the reanimation.
One scientist suspects radioactive contamination from a space probe.
The space probe returned from Venus.
The space probe was deliberately exploded in the Earth's atmosphere when the radiation was detected.
Ben plans to obtain medical care for Karen.
The reports list local rescue centers offering refuge and safety.
Ben and Tom refuel Ben's truck.
Harry hurls molotov cocktails from an upper window at the "undead."
Judy follows Harry, fearing Tom's safety.
Tom accidentally spills gasoline on the truck.
The truck is set ablaze.
Tom and Judy try to drive the truck away from the pump.
Judy is unable to free herself from the truck's door.
The truck explodes.
The explosion instantly kills Tom and Judy.
The undead promptly eat the charred remains of Tom and Judy.
Ben returns to the house.
Ben is locked out by Harry.
Ben eventually forces his way back into the house.
Ben beats Harry, angered by Harry's cowardice.
The undead feed on the remains of Tom and Judy.
A news report reveals that only a gunshot or heavy blow to the head can stop the undead.
Setting the "reactivated bodies" on fire can also stop the undead.
The news report states that posses of armed men are patrolling the countryside to restore order.
The lights go out moments later.
The undead break through the barricades.
Harry grabs Ben's rifle.
Harry threatens to shoot Ben.
Ben wrestles the gun away from Harry.
Ben fires the rifle.
Harry stumbles into the cellar.
Harry collapses next to Karen.
Harry is mortally wounded.
Karen has also died from her illness.
The undead try to pull Helen and Barbra through the windows.
Helen frees herself from the undead.
Helen returns to the refuge of the cellar.
Karen is reanimated and eating Harry's corpse.
Helen is frozen in shock.
Karen stabs Helen to death with a masonry trowel.
Barbra sees Johnny Blair among the undead.
Barbra is carried away by the horde.
Barbra is devoured by the undead.
The undead overrun the house.
Ben seals himself inside the cellar.
Harry and Helen are reanimating in the cellar.
Ben is forced to shoot Harry and Helen.
Ben is awakened by the posse's gunfire outside the next morning.
Ben ventures upstairs.
A member of the posse mistakes Ben for one of the undead.
A member of the posse shoots Ben through the forehead.
The film ends with a photo montage of Ben.
Ben's body is thrown into the posse's bonfire.