The story begins when a group of children move from London to the countryside of Kent.
The group of children consists of five individuals: Cyril, Anthea, Robert, Jane, and their baby brother, known as the Lamb.
The five children are playing in a gravel pit.
The five children uncover a rather grumpy, ugly, and occasionally malevolent Psammead or sand-fairy.
The Psammead has the ability to grant wishes.
The Psammead persuades the children to take one wish each day to be shared among them.
The wishes will turn to stone at sunset.
The rule that wishes turn to stone at sunset apparently used to be the rule in the Stone Age.
In the Stone Age, all that children wished for was food.
The bones of the food wished for in the Stone Age then became fossils.
The five children's first wish is to be "as beautiful as the day."
The effects of the first wish vanish at sunset.
The Psammead observes that some wishes are too fanciful to be changed to stone.
All the wishes go comically wrong.
The children wish to be beautiful.
The servants do not recognize the children after they wish to be beautiful.
The servants shut the children out of the house.
The children wish to be rich.
The children find themselves with a gravel-pit full of gold spade guineas.
No shop will accept the gold spade guineas because they are no longer in circulation.
The children cannot buy anything with the gold spade guineas.
The children wish for wings.
At sunset, the children find themselves stuck on top of a church bell tower.
The children have no way down from the church bell tower.
The children get into trouble with the gamekeeper.
The gamekeeper must take the children home.
The wish for wings has the happy side-effect of introducing the gamekeeper to the children's housemaid.
The gamekeeper later marries the children's housemaid.
Robert is bullied by the baker's boy.
Robert wishes that he was bigger.
Robert becomes eleven feet tall after wishing to be bigger.
The other children show Robert at a travelling fair for coins.
The children wish themselves into a castle.
The children learn that the castle is being besieged.
The children wish to meet real Red Indians.
The wish to meet real Red Indians ends with the children nearly being scalped.
The children's infant brother, the Lamb, is the victim of two wishes gone awry.
In one wish, the children become annoyed with tending their brother.
The children wish that someone else would want their brother.
Everyone wants the baby after the children wish that someone else would want him.
The children must fend off kidnappers and Gypsies.
The children later wish that the baby would grow up faster.
The wish for the baby to grow up faster causes him to grow all at once into a selfish, smug young man.
The selfish, smug young man promptly leaves the children all behind.
The children accidentally wish that they could give a wealthy woman's jewellery to their mother.
All the jewellery appears in the children's home after the wish.
The gamekeeper will be blamed for robbery.
The children must beg the Psammead for a complex series of wishes to set things right.
The Psammead agrees to grant the complex series of wishes.
The Psammead agrees on the condition that the children will never ask the Psammead for another wish.
Only Anthea has grown close to the Psammead.
Anthea makes sure that the final wish is that the children will meet the Psammead again.
The Psammead assures the children that the wish to meet again will be granted.