Jennie Gerhardt is a destitute young woman.
Jennie Gerhardt works in a hotel in Columbus, Ohio.
Jennie Gerhardt meets George Brander, a United States Senator.
George Brander becomes infatuated with Jennie Gerhardt.
George Brander helps Jennie Gerhardt's family.
George Brander declares his wish to marry Jennie Gerhardt.
Jennie Gerhardt agrees to sleep with George Brander.
George Brander dies before he marries Jennie Gerhardt.
Jennie Gerhardt is pregnant.
Jennie Gerhardt gives birth to a daughter named Vesta.
Jennie Gerhardt moves to Cleveland with her mother.
Jennie Gerhardt finds work as a lady's maid in a prominent family in Cleveland.
Jennie Gerhardt meets Lester Kane, a prosperous manufacturer's son.
Jennie Gerhardt falls in love with Lester Kane.
Jennie Gerhardt is impressed by Lester Kane's strong will and generosity.
Jennie Gerhardt leaves her daughter Vesta in Cleveland.
Jennie Gerhardt travels to New York with Lester Kane.
Lester Kane does not know about Jennie Gerhardt's illegitimate daughter.
Lester Kane wants to marry Jennie Gerhardt.
Lester Kane anticipates his family's disapproval due to their difference in class.
Lester Kane decides to take Jennie Gerhardt as his mistress.
Jennie Gerhardt and Lester Kane live together successfully in the university neighborhood of Hyde Park, Chicago.
After three years, Jennie Gerhardt tells Lester Kane that Vesta is her daughter.
Lester Kane does not yield to his family's pressure to leave Jennie Gerhardt.
Lester Kane learns that his inheritance of a substantial part of the family business is conditioned on his leaving Jennie Gerhardt.
Jennie Gerhardt demands that Lester Kane separate for his sake after hearing the will's terms.
Lester Kane meets Letty Gerald Pace, an affluent widow, during a trip to Europe.
Lester Kane decides to marry Letty Gerald Pace.
Lester Kane bows to pressure from Jennie Gerhardt and his family.
Lester Kane provides financially for Jennie Gerhardt.
Lester Kane marries Letty Gerald Pace.
Lester Kane resumes his former social status after marrying Letty Gerald Pace.
Jennie Gerhardt loses her daughter Vesta to typhoid fever.
Jennie Gerhardt adopts two orphans.
Jennie Gerhardt continues to love Lester Kane.
Lester Kane becomes seriously ill.
Lester Kane tells Jennie Gerhardt that he still loves her.
Jennie Gerhardt tends to Lester Kane until his death.
Jennie Gerhardt mourns secretly at Lester Kane's funeral.