Little Eyolf tells the story of the Allmer family.
At the outset of the play, the father, Alfred, has just returned from a trip to the mountains.
Alfred resolved to focus foremost on raising his son Eyolf.
Alfred decided to stop work on his book, Human Responsibility.
Eyolf is described as having beautiful, intelligent eyes.
Eyolf is paralyzed in one of his legs.
Eyolf's life is a sheltered one.
Eyolf craves more than anything else to live the life of a normal boy.
Alfred knows that Eyolf living the life of a normal boy is not possible.
Alfred wants to turn Eyolf towards loftier, intellectual pursuits.
The Allmer household is visited by the Rat-Wife.
The Rat-Wife is a woman capable of enchanting rodents into following her into the sea.
The rodents drown in the sea.
The Rat-Wife leaves when informed that her services are unnecessary.
Eyolf follows the Rat-Wife.
Alfred does not notice Eyolf following the Rat-Wife.
Rita does not notice Eyolf following the Rat-Wife.
Alfred's sister Asta does not notice Eyolf following the Rat-Wife.
Once Eyolf is gone, Alfred details his plan for being a better father to Eyolf.
Alfred wants Eyolf to attain happiness.
Borghejm, an engineer, is interested in Asta.
Asta and Borghejm walk outside.
Rita's possessiveness of Alfred is revealed.
Rita wishes that Eyolf had never been born.
Eyolf diverts Alfred's attention from Rita.
Rita and Alfred's conversation is interrupted by the return of Asta and Borghejm.
Sounds of shouts down by the sea reveal that Eyolf has drowned.
Eyolf drowned after following the Rat-Wife into the sea.
Down by the sea, Alfred mourns.
Asta comforts Alfred.
Rita and Borghejm follow Alfred and Asta.
Borghejm removes Asta from the action.
Rita and Alfred confront each other.
Rita talks more about needing Alfred wholly.
Alfred reveals that he married Rita to better Asta's life.
Alfred and Rita blame each other for Eyolf's injury.
Eyolf's injury occurred when he fell off a table as a baby.
Alfred and Rita were making love when Eyolf fell off the table.
Alfred accuses Rita of luring him in to her.
Alfred claims Rita distracted him from his duty to watch over Eyolf.
Borghejm and Asta return.
Borghejm is unsuccessful at convincing Asta to marry him.
Alfred and Rita ask Asta to stay with them and take Eyolf's place.
Alfred and Rita believe that Asta staying with them will ease their guilt.
Alfred and Rita believe that Asta staying with them will avoid problems in their relationship.
Asta decides to marry Borghejm.
Asta decides to follow Borghejm north.
Alfred indicates a continued unwillingness to be the husband Rita desires.
Rita shares her new plan to better the lives of poorer children.
The poorer children live down by the sea.
Alfred sees something positive again in Rita.
Alfred decides to remain with Rita.
Alfred and Rita can atone for their mistakes together.