Godwin Peak is a star student at Whitelaw College.
Godwin Peak won a scholarship to attend Whitelaw College.
Godwin Peak wins many academic prizes.
Godwin Peak's future seems promising.
Godwin Peak's Cockney uncle arrives intending to open an eating-house adjacent to Whitelaw College.
Godwin Peak is mortified of being associated with 'trade'.
Godwin Peak leaves Whitelaw College rather than face the scorn he expects to receive from his upper-class fellow students.
Godwin Peak's actions are indicative of his social aspirations upwards.
Godwin Peak's actions are indicative of his snobbery downwards.
Godwin Peak moves to London.
Godwin Peak abhors the social mores of the lower orders.
Godwin Peak pines to be accepted into high society.
Godwin Peak believes his intellect should place him in high society.
Godwin Peak sees writing as a possible entry into high society.
Godwin Peak pens a fiercely critical article on the Church of England and its attitude to Darwinism.
The article written by Godwin Peak is published anonymously.
Word of the true authorship of the article spreads within Godwin Peak's small circle of friends.
Christian Moxey has an idealised romantic fixation on a married woman.
Christian Moxey's romantic fixation on the married woman is ultimately unrequited.
Marcella Moxey has a likewise unrequited crush on Godwin Peak.
Malkin has an idea of training an adolescent girl to be a wife worthy of his radical views.
Malkin has formed a relationship with Mrs. Jacox and her daughters to further his plan.
Malkin's plan is ultimately successful.
After submitting the article, Godwin Peak goes on holiday to the West Country.
Godwin Peak stops off in Exeter.
Godwin Peak encounters the Warricombe family in Exeter.
Buckland Warricombe is the son of the Warricombe family.
Godwin Peak was at Whitelaw College with Buckland Warricombe.
Godwin Peak once visited the Warricombe family as a child.
Godwin Peak was smitten by Sidwell Warricombe, the daughter of the Warricombe family.
Godwin Peak trails the Warricombe family around Exeter.
Godwin Peak has an 'accidental' encounter with Buckland Warricombe.
Buckland Warricombe invites Godwin Peak to their house.
Godwin Peak meets Sidwell Warricombe at the Warricombe house.
Sidwell Warricombe is now a beautiful and devoutly religious woman.
Godwin Peak declares himself a Christian.
Godwin Peak declares his intent to take Holy Orders.
Godwin Peak's plan would give him an upper-class wife.
Godwin Peak's plan would give him entry into a socially higher class through his vocation.
Godwin Peak stays in Exeter to execute his plan.
Proximity to the Warricombes seems to be getting Godwin Peak closer to his goals.
Buckland Warricombe distrusts Godwin Peak.
Buckland Warricombe sees Godwin Peak as a social upstart.
Buckland Warricombe seeks out Godwin Peak's London friends to ascertain his motives.
Buckland Warricombe meets with the Moxeys.
Malkin arrives while Buckland Warricombe is with the Moxeys.
Malkin exposes Godwin Peak's authorship of the article.
Malkin reveals Godwin Peak as a fraud and hypocrite.
Marcella Moxey does not stop Malkin despite knowing the consequences for Godwin Peak.
Marcella Moxey's actions suit her ends to hamper Godwin Peak and Sidwell Warrcombe's relationship.
Marcella Moxey is shown to be a better mate for Godwin Peak.
Godwin Peak is more interested in Sidwell Warricombe's beauty and social position.
Buckland Warricombe exposes Godwin Peak as a hypocrite to Sidwell Warricombe.
Buckland Warricombe exposes Godwin Peak as a possible fraudster to Sidwell Warricombe.
Sidwell Warricombe has fallen in love with Godwin Peak.
Sidwell Warricombe forgives Godwin Peak.
Godwin Peak feels he cannot stay in Exeter.
Godwin Peak feels he cannot stay in Exeter and be shamed by the revelation of his hypocrisy.
Godwin Peak's feelings are reminiscent of his leaving college rather than be associated with tradespeople.
Godwin Peak and Sidwell Warricombe part.
Godwin Peak and Sidwell Warricombe keep up a cool, sporadic correspondence for some years.
Marcella Moxey is killed while trying to prevent a horse being beaten.
Marcella Moxey leaves her considerable wealth to Godwin Peak.
Godwin Peak reluctantly accepts Marcella Moxey's wealth.
Godwin Peak had previously refused money from Marcella Moxey.
Godwin Peak is now an independent man of means.
Godwin Peak proposes marriage to Sidwell Warricombe.
Sidwell Warricombe almost accepts Godwin Peak's marriage proposal.
Sidwell Warricombe turns down Godwin Peak's marriage proposal out of love and loyalty to her family.
Sidwell Warricombe turns down Godwin Peak's marriage proposal out of loyalty to her father in particular.
Godwin Peak is denied his aspiration to marry into society.
Godwin Peak goes on a tour of Europe.
Godwin Peak contracts Malaria during his tour of Europe.
Godwin Peak dies alone in a Viennese boarding-house.
Godwin Peak was born, lived, and died in exile.