Léonce Pontellier is a New Orleans businessman of Louisiana Creole heritage.
Edna Pontellier is Léonce Pontellier's wife.
Etienne Pontellier is one of Léonce and Edna Pontellier's two sons.
Raoul Pontellier is one of Léonce and Edna Pontellier's two sons.
The Pontellier family vacations on Grand Isle at a resort on the Gulf of Mexico.
Madame Lebrun manages the resort on Grand Isle.
Madame Lebrun has two sons named Robert and Victor.
Edna Pontellier spends most of her time with her close friend Adèle Ratignolle.
Adèle Ratignolle reminds Edna Pontellier of her duties as a wife and mother.
Edna Pontellier forms a connection with Robert Lebrun at Grand Isle.
Robert Lebrun actively seeks Edna Pontellier's attention and affections.
Edna Pontellier and Robert Lebrun fall in love.
Robert Lebrun senses the doomed nature of his relationship with Edna Pontellier.
Robert Lebrun flees to Mexico under the guise of pursuing a nameless business venture.
The narrative focuses on Edna Pontellier's shifting emotions.
Edna Pontellier reconciles her maternal duties with her desire for social freedom.
Edna Pontellier desires to be with Robert Lebrun.
The Pontellier family returns to New Orleans when summer vacation ends.
Edna Pontellier gradually reassesses her priorities.
Edna Pontellier takes a more active role in her own happiness.
Edna Pontellier isolates herself from New Orleans society.
Edna Pontellier withdraws from some of the duties traditionally associated with motherhood.
Léonce Pontellier talks to a doctor about diagnosing Edna Pontellier.
Léonce Pontellier fears that Edna Pontellier is losing her mental faculties.
The doctor advises Léonce Pontellier to let Edna Pontellier be.
The doctor assures Léonce Pontellier that things will return to normal.
Léonce Pontellier prepares to travel to New York City on business.
Léonce Pontellier sends Etienne Pontellier and Raoul Pontellier to his mother.
Edna Pontellier is left home alone for an extended period.
Being home alone gives Edna Pontellier physical and emotional room to breathe.
Edna Pontellier reflects on various aspects of her life while her husband is away.
Edna Pontellier moves out of her home and into a small bungalow nearby.
Edna Pontellier begins a dalliance with Alcée Arobin.
Alcée Arobin is a persistent suitor with a reputation for being free with his affections.
Edna Pontellier is shown as a sexual being for the first time in the novel.
The affair between Edna Pontellier and Alcée Arobin proves awkward and emotionally fraught.
Edna Pontellier reaches out to Mademoiselle Reisz.
Mademoiselle Reisz is a gifted recitalist whose playing is renowned.
Mademoiselle Reisz maintains a generally hermetic existence.
Mademoiselle Reisz's playing moved Edna Pontellier profoundly earlier in the novel.
Mademoiselle Reisz's playing represents what Edna Pontellier was starting to long for: independence.
Mademoiselle Reisz focuses her life on music and herself.
Mademoiselle Reisz does not focus her life on society's expectations.
Mademoiselle Reisz acts as a foil to Adèle Ratignolle.
Adèle Ratignolle encourages Edna Pontellier to conform.
Mademoiselle Reisz is in contact with Robert Lebrun while he is in Mexico.
Mademoiselle Reisz receives letters from Robert Lebrun regularly.
Edna Pontellier begs Mademoiselle Reisz to reveal the contents of Robert Lebrun's letters.
Mademoiselle Reisz reveals the contents of Robert Lebrun's letters to Edna Pontellier.
The letters prove to Edna Pontellier that Robert Lebrun is thinking about her.
Robert Lebrun eventually returns to New Orleans.
Robert Lebrun is initially aloof.
Robert Lebrun finds excuses not to be near Edna Pontellier.
Robert Lebrun eventually confesses his passionate love for Edna Pontellier.
Robert Lebrun admits that the business trip to Mexico was an excuse.
Robert Lebrun's business trip to Mexico was an excuse to escape a relationship that would never work.
Edna Pontellier is called away to help Adèle Ratignolle with a difficult childbirth.
Adèle Ratignolle pleads with Edna Pontellier to think of what she would be turning her back on.
Edna Pontellier returns home after helping Adèle Ratignolle.
Edna Pontellier finds a note from Robert Lebrun stating that he has left forever.
Robert Lebrun loves Edna Pontellier too much to shame her.
Robert Lebrun believes that engaging in a relationship with a married woman would shame Edna Pontellier.
Edna Pontellier is in devastated shock after reading Robert Lebrun's note.
Edna Pontellier rushes back to Grand Isle.
Edna Pontellier had first met Robert Lebrun at Grand Isle.
Edna Pontellier escapes by committing suicide.
Edna Pontellier drowns herself in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico.