Harry Sandwith is a sixteen-year-old English boy.
Harry Sandwith is sent to live in France with the Marquis de St. Caux.
The Marquis de St. Caux is a friend of a French nobleman.
Harry Sandwith’s father once served a French nobleman.
The Marquis de St. Caux is impressed with the English system of schooling.
The Marquis de St. Caux believes that his two sons will benefit from the influence of an independent English boy.
The two sons of the Marquis de St. Caux are named Ernest and Jules.
Harry Sandwith is an undistinguished student at Westminster School.
Harry Sandwith is eager for the opportunity to live in France.
Harry Sandwith believes that living in France will create greater opportunities for him when he joins the British army.
Harry Sandwith sets off for Paris in 1790.
Harry Sandwith intends to live with the St. Caux family for the next two to three years.
Harry Sandwith is escorted to the Marquis de St. Caux’s chateau near Dijon.
Harry Sandwith meets the Marquis de St. Caux and his wife.
Harry Sandwith meets the two sons of the Marquis de St. Caux.
Harry Sandwith meets three daughters of the Marquis de St. Caux.
The daughters of the Marquis de St. Caux are named Marie, Jeanne, and Virginie.
The Marquis de St. Caux is impressed by Harry Sandwith’s confidence and self-possession.
The rest of the St. Caux family mocks Harry Sandwith’s strange mannerisms.
The rest of the St. Caux family mocks Harry Sandwith’s rough appearance.
The attitude of the St. Caux family changes after Harry Sandwith kills a rabid dog.
The rabid dog attacks Jeanne and Virginie.
The St. Caux family begins to accept Harry Sandwith as a member of the family.
Harry Sandwith and Ernest become close friends.
Harry Sandwith and Ernest hunt and adventure together.
Harry Sandwith and Ernest manage to kill the Demon Wolf.
The Demon Wolf long terrorized the communities surrounding the chateau.
The French Revolution continues to progress throughout France.
The Marquis de St. Caux and his family are loyal to King Louis XVI.
The Marquis de St. Caux and his family are troubled by the growing violence in Paris.
The Marquis de St. Caux and his family are troubled by the growing unrest in the countryside.
The royal family unsuccessfully attempts to flee Paris.
The Marquis de St. Caux decides to move the St. Caux family to Paris.
The Marquis de St. Caux decides to move to support King Louis XVI.
The Marquis de St. Caux decides to move to avoid the growing unrest of the peasants.
An arrest order is made for all members of noble families in Paris.
The Marquis de St. Caux submits to the arrest.
The Marquise de St. Caux submits to the arrest.
The Marquis de St. Caux tells his children to escape.
The Marquis de St. Caux sends Ernest and Jules out of Paris.
Ernest and Jules are sent to make for England.
The Marquise de St. Caux hides the girls with her former nurse, Louise Moulin.
Harry Sandwith is free to return to England.
Harry Sandwith chooses to stay in Paris.
Harry Sandwith chooses to look after the girls.
Harry Sandwith chooses to help the girls flee to England should the need arise.
Harry Sandwith attempts to find a way to free the Marquis de St. Caux and the Marquise de St. Caux.
Harry Sandwith is too late to free the Marquis de St. Caux and the Marquise de St. Caux.
On the day of the September Massacres, prisoners throughout Paris are brought out for mock trials.
Prisoners throughout Paris are systematically executed.
The Marquis de St. Caux is executed.
The Marquise de St. Caux is executed.
Victor de Gisons is Marie’s fiancé.
Victor de Gisons stays in Paris to watch out for Marie.
Victor de Gisons sees his father brought out for trial.
Victor de Gisons flies into a rage.
Harry Sandwith succeeds in knocking Victor de Gisons out.
Harry Sandwith carries Victor de Gisons away.
A sympathetic Parisian brings Victor de Gisons back to his home.
Harry Sandwith informs the girls of their parents’ deaths.
Harry Sandwith discovers that Ernest and Jules were both killed on their way to England.
Harry Sandwith decides to tell the girls about Ernest and Jules only when they reach England safely.
Marie is caught in the marketplace by Lebat.
Lebat is the son of the mayor of Dijon.
Lebat arrests Marie as a noble in hiding.
Harry Sandwith despairs of finding a way to rescue Marie.
Harry Sandwith manages to get a letter to Marie.
Harry Sandwith thinks it unlikely that he will be able to free Marie from prison.
Marie writes back to Harry Sandwith.
Marie tells Harry Sandwith that Lebat has offered to free her.
Lebat offers to free Marie on the condition that she marries him.
Marie refuses Lebat’s offer.
Harry Sandwith rescues a man being beaten in the street.
The man turns out to be Maximilien de Robespierre.
Maximilien de Robespierre is a radical leader of the Revolution.
Maximilien de Robespierre vows to repay Harry Sandwith’s brave service.
Harry Sandwith sees this as an opportunity to use Maximilien de Robespierre to free Marie.
Harry Sandwith agrees to be Maximilien de Robespierre’s secretary.
Harry Sandwith discovers that Marie is soon to be tried and executed.
Harry Sandwith discovers that Louise and the girls are under suspicion.
Harry Sandwith asks Maximilien de Robespierre to free Marie.
Harry Sandwith asks Maximilien de Robespierre to free Marie as repayment of his debt.
Maximilien de Robespierre refuses to free Marie.
Lebat asks Maximilien de Robespierre to free Marie.
Lebat knows that Marie is a friend of the Revolution.
Maximilien de Robespierre consents to free Marie.
Harry Sandwith seizes the opportunity to kill Lebat.
Harry Sandwith rescues Marie with the letter of release from Maximilien de Robespierre.
Harry Sandwith travels to Nantes with Louise and the girls.
Marie stays in Paris with Victor.
Victor is slowly recovering.
Upon their arrival in Nantes, Harry Sandwith struggles to find a ship.
Harry Sandwith struggles to find a ship that will carry them to England.
Louise is weakened by the long and trying journey.
Louise soon falls ill.
Louise dies.
Jeanne finds passage to England with a fisherman named Adolphe.
Adolphe is the husband of a woman whose child Jeanne helped nurse back to health.
Jeanne and Virginie are arrested.
Harry Sandwith narrowly rescues Jeanne and Virginie from being drowned in the river.
Harry Sandwith rescues Jeanne and Virginie from being drowned with the other prisoners.
Harry Sandwith and Jeanne and Virginie find a trustworthy captain to take them to England.
Harry Sandwith and Jeanne and Virginie arrive safely in England.
Harry Sandwith is reunited with his family.
Harry Sandwith’s family thought him long dead in the violence of the Revolution.
Several years later, Harry Sandwith marries Jeanne.
Harry Sandwith passes his medical exams.
Harry Sandwith joins his father’s practice.
Virginie marries one of Harry Sandwith’s brothers.
Virginie marries Tom.
The girls and their husbands later travel back to France.
The girls and their husbands travel back to France for a short time.
The girls and their husbands stay with Marie and Victor.
Marie and Victor purchase the chateau that once belonged to the Marquis de St. Caux.
Marie and Victor purchase the chateau after fighting in the French army under Napoleon.