Mr. Woodchuck is about the time Twinkle's father sets a trap for a woodchuck that lives near Mr. Woodchuck's property.
Twinkle goes to see the woodchuck get caught.
Twinkle has a dream in which Twinkle meets the woodchuck and the woodchuck's family.
The woodchucks put Twinkle on trial for being a human.
Humans set cruel traps for the purposes of killing woodchucks.
Twinkle is sentenced to be put in a trap herself.
Twinkle wakes up from the dream.
Twinkle convinces Twinkle's father never to set traps for animals ever again.
Bandit Jim Crow is about a baby crow with a broken wing that Twinkle adopts for a pet.
The baby crow has an evil nature.
As soon as the baby crow's wing is healed, the baby crow kills the family's chickens.
The baby crow escapes to a section of the forest inhabited by birds.
Jim Crow starts stealing and eating other birds' eggs.
The birds get Policeman Bluejay to keep Jim Crow in check.
Jim Crow disguises himself with chalk.
Jim Crow continues stealing eggs after disguising himself.
All the birds attack the disguised Jim Crow.
The birds blind Jim Crow.
Jim Crow is forced to spend the rest of Jim Crow's life helpless.
Jim Crow lives off of the kindness of the other birds.
Prairie-Dog Town is about how Twinkle and Twinkle's friend Chubbins go to have a picnic near a prairie dog village.
The prairie dogs talk to Twinkle and Chubbins.
Twinkle and Chubbins are magically shrunk down to prairie-dog size.
Twinkle and Chubbins can enter the prairie dog village after being shrunk.
Inside the prairie dog village, Twinkle and Chubbins meet a well-to-do family.
Twinkle and Chubbins meet the mayor of the prairie dog village.
Twinkle and Chubbins are returned to their normal size.
Twinkle and Chubbins wonder if the whole adventure was simply a dream.
Prince Mud-Turtle is about Twinkle finding an unusually-colored turtle.
Twinkle brings the unusually-colored turtle home with Twinkle.
Twinkle later finds that the turtle is a fairy prince named Melga.
Melga was put under a curse by the evil Corrugated Giant.
The Corrugated Giant is a creature with no bones.
With the help of the turtle, Twinkle is able to travel to the giant's castle.
Twinkle restores the prince to his normal form.
The prince defeats the giant.
Twinkle is sent back home.
Twinkle's Enchantment is about Twinkle entering a gulch in order to get some berries.
Twinkle meets many curious proverb-based creatures.
The creatures include a Rolling Stone That Gathers No Moss.
The creatures include a Little Learning.
Twinkle avoids the Little Learning because the Little Learning is a dangerous thing.
The creatures include a Weasel that Goes "Pop!".
The creatures include the Birds of One Feather.
Twinkle spends time with a dancing bear.
Twinkle is invited to a grasshopper's ball.
Twinkle wakes up.
Sugar-Loaf Mountain is about how Twinkle and Twinkle's friend Chubbins discover a trap door in Sugar-Loaf Mountain.
Twinkle and Chubbins find a key.
Twinkle and Chubbins enter inside Sugar-Loaf Mountain.
Inside Sugar-Loaf Mountain, Twinkle and Chubbins find a city peopled by beings made entirely out of sugar.
Twinkle and Chubbins are captured by soldiers.
Twinkle and Chubbins are taken to the king.
The king shows Twinkle and Chubbins the sights.
The king introduces Twinkle and Chubbins to several high-grade citizens.
While leaving, Twinkle and Chubbins accidentally drop the key inside Sugar-Loaf Mountain.
No one can ever enter Sugar-Loaf Mountain again after Twinkle and Chubbins drop the key.