The Brittens are a family of fictional characters.
The Brittens are featured in the American television police procedural fantasy drama Awake.
The Brittens are a nuclear family.
The Brittens consist of the married couple Michael Britten and Hannah Britten.
The Brittens have one child, son Rex Britten.
The Brittens were involved in a car crash.
The car crash caused Michael Britten to live in two separate realities.
In one reality, Michael Britten's wife Hannah Britten was killed in the crash.
In the other reality, Michael Britten's son Rex Britten was killed.
The main characters reside in Los Angeles, California, in the United States.
The Brittens were created by series executive producer and writer Kyle Killen.
Kyle Killen conceived the idea for the Brittens after creating and developing Lone Star for the Fox network.
NBC encouraged Kyle Killen to conceive a concept for a future television series after Lone Star's cancellation.
Kyle Killen sent a rough draft of the script to his agent Marc Korman within a few weeks.
Marc Korman recalled that he was freaked out by the script.
Marc Korman went upstairs to the guest bedroom where his wife was sick with the flu.
Marc Korman got into bed with his wife.
Marc Korman called Jen and said that the script was remarkable.
Marc Korman stated that he had never read a pilot like the script.
Marc Korman noted that Kyle Killen was making two cases work despite never having written a procedural show before.
Salke and Korman initially looked to sell acquisition rights to Fox.
The Britten family debuted on March 1, 2012, in "Pilot" on the American police procedural drama television series Awake.
The Britten family last appeared on television on May 24, 2012, in "Turtles All the Way Down."
In February 2011, Jason Isaacs obtained the role of Michael Britten.
Gordon summated the premise of Michael Britten's character.
Michael Britten goes to sleep and wakes up with his wife.
Michael Britten goes to sleep and wakes up with his son.
Michael Britten is a cop who sees clues and details that crossover from one world to the next.
Michael Britten uses insights from the crossover to solve crimes.
Kyle Killen thought that the premise behind the series would be relatable to audiences.
Kyle Killen believed that the premise would make it easier to broaden his fanbase.
Kyle Killen articulated that aspects of Lone Star were more difficult to get a wider audience interested in.
Kyle Killen stated that the main character was someone that audiences could not decide if they liked or hated.
Kyle Killen believed that Britten's dilemma is something that audiences are sympathetic for.
Kyle Killen believed that audiences want Michael Britten to win.
In March 2011, Laura Allen was approached by producers to play Hannah Britten.
Michaela McManus initially received the role of Hannah Britten.
Michaela McManus was later given the role of Tara.
Dylan Minnette was cast as Rex Britten in March 2011.
Dylan Minnette commended the episode's script.
Dylan Minnette noted that the auditioning sequence was fast.
Dylan Minnette stated that the process of getting the job went by really fast.
Dylan Minnette had his first audition with Kyle Killen, Jason Isaacs, the cast director, and the director David Slade in the room.
Dylan Minnette received the role two weeks after his audition.
Michael Britten is portrayed by Jason Isaacs.
Michael Britten is the father of the Britten family.
Michael Britten is married to Hannah Britten.
Michael Britten has to live in two separate realities after a car crash.
In one reality, Michael Britten works with a new rookie partner Efrem Vega.
In the other reality, Michael Britten is still partnered with Isaiah Freeman, whom he calls Bird.
Michael Britten sees two separate therapists.
Michael Britten sees Dr. John Lee in one reality.
Michael Britten sees Dr. Judith Evans in the other reality.
Michael Britten wears a green wristband in one reality where Rex Britten is alive.
Michael Britten wears a red wristband in the other reality where Hannah Britten is alive.
Michael Britten is seen very emotional in "Say Hello to My Little Friend."
Michael Britten is emotional because he does not see his son Rex Britten.
Michael Britten has a routine to help him maintain the illusions of control due to his two realities.
Hannah Britten is portrayed by Laura Allen.
Hannah Britten is the well-meaning and emotional wife of Michael Britten.
Hannah Britten is the mother of her son Rex Britten.
Hannah Britten is alive in Michael Britten's "red reality."
Hannah Britten began to renovate their home after the car crash.
Hannah Britten felt great pain and grievance over the death of Rex Britten.
Hannah Britten was saddened by the thought of Rex Britten's empty room upstairs.
Rex Britten is portrayed by Dylan Minnette.
Rex Britten is Michael Britten's son.
Rex Britten is featured in Michael Britten's "green reality."
Green is Rex Britten's favorite color.
Rex Britten is a teenage school student.
Rex Britten claims he is going to the beach outside of school.
Rex Britten is actually going to his best friend Cole's house to work on a motorbike with him.
Rex Britten is very emotional.
Rex Britten often gets angry due to Hannah Britten's death in the crash.
Rex Britten kept a tennis racket to help him deal with Hannah Britten's death.
Cole accidentally broke Rex Britten's tennis racket.
Rex Britten fights with Cole because of the broken tennis racket.
Rex Britten later apologizes to Cole.
Rex Britten hates "cereal and soda night."
Rex Britten hates "cereal and soda night" because Michael Britten does not cook "actual food" for dinner.
Rex Britten has an aunt named Carol.
Rex Britten's aunt Carol is mentioned in "Two Birds."
Rex Britten's aunt Carol wants to spend more time with him since the crash.
The portrayal of the Britten family was praised by television critics.
Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly praised Jason Isaacs' acting in the series.
Ken Tucker stated that it helps enormously to have Jason Isaacs playing the lead.
Ken Tucker noted that Jason Isaacs knows how to convey a gravity that contrasts well with the series' airy concept.
Ken Tucker stated that Jason Isaacs avoids becoming heavy and morose.
Kelly West summated that the cast could not be better on this series.
Kelly West claimed that Jason Isaacs delivered a stellar performance as the intelligent detective.
Kelly West claimed that Jason Isaacs delivered a stellar performance as the loving father and husband.
Kelly West stated that Jason Isaacs is just trying to make sense of what is going on.
Kelly West stated that Jason Isaacs is probably not entirely regretful to be experiencing a split reality.
Kelly West claimed that Laura Allen and Dylan Minnette delivered strong performances as Michael Britten's wife and son respectively.
Critics IGN, TV Fanatic, and Paste magazine argued that Jason Isaacs' performance deserves an Emmy.