Wrigley Square is a public square located in the northwest section of Millennium Park in the Historic Michigan Boulevard District of the Loop area of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
Wrigley Square is located at the southeast corner of the intersection of East Randolph Street and North Michigan Avenue.
Wrigley Square contains the Millennium Monument.
The Millennium Monument is a nearly full-sized replica of the semicircle of paired Roman Doric-style columns that originally sat in this area of Grant Park.
The original columns sat in Grant Park between 1917 and 1953.
Wrigley Square contains a large lawn.
Wrigley Square contains a public fountain.
Grant Park has been Chicago's front yard since the mid-19th century.
The northwest corner of Grant Park is north of Monroe Street and the Art Institute.
The northwest corner of Grant Park is east of Michigan Avenue.
The northwest corner of Grant Park is south of Randolph Street.
The northwest corner of Grant Park is west of Columbus Drive.
The northwest corner of Grant Park had been Illinois Central rail yards and parking lots until 1997.
In 1997, the city made the northwest corner of Grant Park available for development as Millennium Park.
Today, Millennium Park trails only Navy Pier as a Chicago tourist attraction.
Wrigley Square is a tree-lined section of Millennium Park with a large lawn.
Wrigley Square broadcasts free wifi wireless technology.
Wrigley Square has earned a reputation as an outdoor culture spot.
Wrigley Square hosts a wide range of cultural events such as local and international art and photography exhibitions.
Wrigley Square hosts occasional live musical performances.
The reputation of Wrigley Square is reminiscent of the earlier neo-classical meeting place.
Richard M. Daley was the Mayor of Chicago who dedicated Wrigley Square.
Wrigley Square was dedicated to the donors known as the Founders Group.
The Founders Group funded Millennium Park.
In 2005, Millennium Park was marked for updates and improvements.
Benches were to be added to the 56 original benches in Millennium Park.
Landscape architect Kathryn Gustafson designed 14 new 320-pound aluminum “Maggie benches” in Millennium Park.
The new benches were mostly placed in Wrigley Square.
The new benches were designed in honor of Mayor Daley's wife.
Wrigley Square was intended to serve as an exhibit space for outdoor sculpture.
Wrigley Square was intended to serve as a space for small cultural performances.
Christopher Perille is the vice president of the Wrigley Square Foundation.
The peristyle monument in Wrigley Square is in remembrance of the corporation, foundations, and individuals who made Millennium Park possible.
An architectural model of Wrigley Square and the Millennium Monument is on display at the Harold Washington Library Center.
The original peristyle was designed by renowned Chicago planner Edward H. Bennett in 1917.
Edward H. Bennett was Daniel Burnham's partner in the Plan of Chicago.
Edward H. Bennett was known for designing the nearby Buckingham Fountain.
The original peristyle was located in Grant Park in the same location as the current Wrigley Square.
The original peristyle rose to 40 feet (12.2 m).
The original peristyle had a diameter of 100 feet (30.5 m).
The original peristyle was made of concrete.
The original peristyle did not stand up to the Lake Michigan lakefront weather.
The original peristyle was razed in 1953.
The original peristyle was razed to make way for the Grant Park North Garage.
The original peristyle was on a promenade with balustrades.
The limestone replica peristyle rises to a height of nearly 40 feet (12.2 m).
One source says the columns of the replica peristyle were planned to rise to 36 feet (11.0 m).
The William Wrigley, Jr. Foundation contributed $5 million to the Millennium Monument.
The entire square cost $5 million to build.
The square was named in honor of the William Wrigley, Jr. Company.
The Millennium Monument is a tribute to the individual, corporate, and foundation benefactors of Millennium Park.
The pedestal of the peristyle is inscribed with the names of the 115 financial donors.
Oprah Winfrey is one of the 115 financial donors.
The 115 financial donors made 91 contributions of at least $1 million each.
The contributions of the 115 financial donors helped pay for Millennium Park.
The contributions of the 115 financial donors provide for the ongoing conservation of Millennium Park.
The design of the Millennium Monument is based on original drawings by Edward H. Bennett.
The original drawings by Edward H. Bennett were found in the Chicago Park District's archive.
The naming rights of the space belong to Wm. Wrigley Jr.
Wm. Wrigley Jr. created the world’s famous chewing gum.
Wrigley Company officials wanted to contribute to Millennium Park.
The historic aspect of the peristyle was attractive to Wrigley Company officials.
The original peristyle was constructed around the same time as the Wrigley Building.
The Wrigley Building is the corporate headquarters located a few blocks to the north of Wrigley Square.
The classical architectural styles of the original peristyle and the Wrigley Building are similar.
The 24 paired, fluted columns of the replica peristyle are the same height as the original peristyle.
The structure of the replica peristyle was scaled down to an 80-foot (24.4 m) diameter.
The structure of the replica peristyle was scaled down to accommodate the accessible ramp that runs behind the monument.
Each of the limestone columns of the replica peristyle is cut from an Indiana quarry.
Each of the limestone columns of the replica peristyle is made of five 2,200-pound (997.9 kg; 157.1 st) sections.
Each of the limestone columns of the replica peristyle is reinforced by steel rods and plates.
The fountain in front of the replica peristyle is a bronze-cast replica of the finials that adorn the Wrigley Building.
The brass spout of the fountain was made from a mold of a terra cotta finial on the Wrigley Building.
The front of the replica peristyle has a dedication plaque.
The reverse side of the replica peristyle has a special plaque commemorating John H. Bryan's contribution.
John H. Bryan was the head of fundraising for Millennium Park.
The original model of the Millennium Monument was the starting point of the Peristyle appearance in Chicago.
The new monument is said to not compare to the once “commanding presence” that stood in its place.
The original peristyle was demolished and replaced with an underground parking garage.
The new monument was downsized by approximately 15% to accommodate a wheelchair ramp for the disabled.
The new monument incorporates a fountain at the base of the limestone, Doric, column monument.
The new monument is relatively small in comparison to the rest of Grant Park.
The new monument makes its presence known as the central focus to shape Wrigley Square and the surrounding landscape.
Wrigley Square is unique for its fountain.
The fountain in Wrigley Square remains open with a circular ledge.
The circular ledge of the fountain allows park-goers the freedom to sit next to the open water.
Park-goers can enjoy the atmosphere next to the open water in Wrigley Square.