The Action of 15 November 1810 was a minor naval engagement. The Action of 15 November 1810 occurred during the British Royal Navy blockade of the French Channel ports. The British Royal Navy blockade was part of the Napoleonic Wars. British dominance at sea was enforced by a strategy of close blockade. The strategy of close blockade made it difficult for the French Navy to operate in their own territorial waters. In the autumn of 1810, a British squadron was assigned to patrol the Baie de la Seine. The British squadron was effectively isolating two French squadrons in the ports of Le Havre and Cherbourg. On 12 November 1810, the squadron in Le Havre consisted of the frigates Elisa and Amazone. The frigates Elisa and Amazone attempted to reach Cherbourg at night. The goal of the frigates Elisa and Amazone was to unite the squadrons. The British frigates HMS Diana and HMS Niobe spotted the squadron in the early hours of 13 November. HMS Diana and HMS Niobe gave chase to the French squadron. The French ships took shelter at the heavily fortified Iles Saint-Marcouf. The French ships sailed the following morning for the anchorage at Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue. For two days, the British frigates kept watch. Two ships of the line from the blockade of Cherbourg arrived. The two ships of the line were HMS Donegal and HMS Revenge. On 15 November, the British squadron attacked the anchored French ships. The French ships were defended by shore batteries at La Hougue and Tatihou. After four attempts to close with the French, the British squadron withdrew. The British squadron withdrew under heavy fire. During the night, Captain Pulteney Malcolm sent his ship's boats close inshore. The goal of Captain Pulteney Malcolm was to attack the French ships with Congreve rockets. Congreve rockets were a newly issued weapon. None of the Congreve rockets are recorded as landing on target. By morning, both frigates had been forced to change position. Both frigates became grounded on the shore. The French ships were later refloated. Malcolm's squadron maintained the blockade until 27 November. On 27 November, Amazone successfully escaped back to Le Havre. The damaged frigate Elisa remained at anchor until 6 December. An attack by a British bomb vessel forced the frigate Elisa to move further inshore. The frigate Elisa became grounded once more. Elisa remained in this position until 23 December. On 23 December, the boats of HMS Diana entered the anchorage at night. The boats of HMS Diana set the beached ship on fire. The fire destroyed the frigate Elisa.
By 1810, the French Navy fleet based in the Atlantic ports had been prevented from launching any major operations for four years. The French Navy fleet had been penned into harbour by the British strategy of close blockade. A failed attempt by a French fleet to sail had been defeated at the Battle of Basque Roads in 1809. The main operations carried out by the French Navy were undertaken by privateers and frigate squadrons. The privateers and frigate squadrons operated commerce raiders from smaller ports. The smaller ports included those on the English Channel. In November 1810, squadrons were based at Cherbourg. The squadron at Cherbourg included two ships of the line and the newly built frigate Iphigénie. The squadron at Le Havre included the frigates Elisa and Amazone. The frigates Elisa and Amazone were commanded by Captains Louis-Henri Fraycinet-Saulce and Bernard-Louis Rosseau respectively. To blockade these squadrons, the Royal Navy's Channel Fleet assigned the ships of the line HMS Donegal and HMS Revenge. HMS Donegal was under Captain Pulteney Malcolm. HMS Revenge was under Captain Charles Paget. HMS Donegal and HMS Revenge were assigned to patrol the entrance to Cherbourg. HMS Diana was under Captain Charles Grant. HMS Niobe was under Captain John Wentworth Loring. HMS Diana and HMS Niobe kept watch on Le Havre. The blockade had achieved some minor successes. In October 1810, HMS Revenge captured the privateer Vengeur from Dieppe. On 6 November 1810, HMS Donegal ran down and seized the privateer Surcouf from Cherbourg.
At 22:00 on 12 November, the frigates Amazone and Elisa sailed from Le Havre. The goal of Amazone and Elisa was to unite with the force at Cherbourg. Amazone and Elisa hoped to evade the blockade in the darkness. Amazone and Elisa successfully passed the patrolling HMS Diana and HMS Niobe. Amazone and Elisa were spotted sailing northwest at 00:30. The British ships gave chase to Amazone and Elisa. HMS Niobe turned inshore in an attempt to cut off the French line of advance. With the wind in the northeast, the French frigates were unable to pass Cape Barfleur under pursuit. Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau turned his squadron towards the Iles Saint-Marcouf at 04:00. The French frigates used superior local knowledge to bypass the pursuing British ships. The heavily fortified islands had been under British control during the French Revolutionary Wars. The islands reverted to the French at the Peace of Amiens in 1802. HMS Diana and HMS Niobe attempted to intercept the French frigates. HMS Diana and HMS Niobe were only able to fire two long-distance broadsides at the trailing Elisa. At 11:00, Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau gave orders for the French frigates to sail once more. The French frigates slipped away from the British ships. The British ships had drifted to the north. The French frigates anchored safely between the batteries at Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue and the island of Tatihou. Observing the strong position the French frigates had taken up, Captain Charles Grant sent messages to Captain Pulteney Malcolm's force at Cherbourg. Captain Pulteney Malcolm brought HMS Donegal and HMS Revenge to support the frigates on 14 November. Captain Pulteney Malcolm maintained position off the anchorage despite a strong gale. The strong gale caused Elisa to drag her anchors. Captain Louis-Henri Fraycinet-Saulce was forced to throw much of the ship's stores overboard. Captain Louis-Henri Fraycinet-Saulce threw the stores overboard to prevent his frigate from being wrecked on the shore. The following day, HMS Diana took advantage of the rising tide to attack the anchored Amazone. Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau withdrew deeper into the sheltered anchorage. Captain Charles Grant launched probing attacks on the French frigate. Each probing attack was beaten off by heavy fire from the batteries. Captain Charles Grant launched four successive attacks against Amazone. Each attack was driven back by cannon fire. At 13:00, with the tide falling, the British squadron was compelled to retreat to deeper water. The British squadron retreated out of range of the French. All four British ships had suffered under fire. Two British sailors were killed on HMS Revenge. Five British sailors were wounded on HMS Revenge. Three British sailors were wounded on HMS Donegal. One British sailor was wounded on HMS Diana. The French losses were a single man killed on Amazone.
On the evening of 15 November, Captain Pulteney Malcolm ordered the ship's boats of the squadron to approach the anchorage. The boats were commanded by Lieutenant Joseph Needham Taylor. The boats had been equipped with Congreve rockets. Congreve rockets were a recently invented artillery system. Congreve rockets were not widely in use by the Royal Navy at that time. None of the rockets fired during the night appeared to have hit their targets. The rockets seem to have panicked the French crews. Dawn the following morning revealed that both frigates had cut their anchors. Both frigates drifted onto the shore. Elisa struck hard and heeled over onto her side. Both ships were successfully refloated by the rising tide on 16 November. The situation reached an impasse. Malcolm's forces blockaded Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue to prevent the French from sailing.
For nearly two weeks, the French frigates remained at anchor. Captain Pulteney Malcolm and Captain Charles Grant drew up plans for an attack with fireships. Amazone successfully slipped out of harbour on 27 November. Amazone returned successfully to Le Havre before dawn the following day. With Amazone gone, Captain Charles Grant maintained a closer watch on Elisa. Captain Charles Grant called up a bomb vessel to attack the anchorage on 6 December. The attack by the bomb vessel proved no more accurate than the rockets. Elisa was driven into shallow waters to avoid the attack. Elisa became irretrievably grounded on a shoal. Over the next two weeks, Elisa remained grounded. The frigate Elisa gradually was reduced to the state of a total wreck. On 23 December, Captain Charles Grant sent his boats into the anchorage. The boats were commanded by Lieutenant Thomas Rowe. The boats entered the anchorage under cover of darkness. The boats set the wreck on fire. The fire ensured that the frigate's stores could not be salvaged.
With the destruction of Elisa, the British squadrons returned to their blockade duties off Cherbourg and Le Havre. The blockade remained in place throughout the remainder of the Napoleonic Wars. Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau in Amazone made another attempt to join the squadron in Cherbourg in March 1811. Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau's attempt was to join the squadron in Cherbourg. Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau was run down and destroyed by a squadron led by the ship of the line HMS Berwick. The new frigate Iphigénie survived a little longer. The new frigate Iphigénie was intercepted and captured in the Atlantic during a raiding mission in January 1814.