Zennor Head is a 750-metre (2,460 ft) long promontory on the Cornish coast of England.
Zennor Head is located between Pendour Cove and Porthzennor Cove.
Zennor Head faces the Atlantic Ocean.
Zennor Head lies 1 kilometre north-west of the village of Zennor.
Zennor Head lies 1.6 kilometres east of Gurnard's Head.
The granite cliffs at Zennor Head rise over 200 feet (60 m) from the sea.
The highest point of Zennor Head is 314 feet (96 m) above sea level.
Zennor Head has an Ordnance Survey triangulation station.
Zennor Head is on the South West Coast Path.
The South West Coast Path follows the cliff edge closely.
The South West Coast Path skirting the entire perimeter of Zennor Head.
Zennor Head is part of the Penwith Heritage Coast.
Zennor Head is the largest coastal feature in the United Kingdom that begins with the letter "Z".
Zennor Head gets its name from a local saint named Senara.
Zennor Head was mined for copper and tin in the Victorian Era.
There is no longer any residential occupancy on Zennor Head.
There is no longer any commercial occupancy on Zennor Head.
Zennor Head is occupied by a variety of coastal animals and plants.
Kestrels are one of the coastal animals found on Zennor Head.
Gorse is one of the coastal plants found on Zennor Head.
The name "Zennor Head" originates from the name of a local saint named Senara.
According to local legend, Senara was thrown off a headland in Brittany in a barrel.
Senara was falsely accused of adultery by her husband.
Senara washed up on the Cornish coast.
Senara founded the village of Zennor.
Senara gave her name to the village of Zennor.
Senara gave her name to Zennor Head.
Senara gave her name to Zennor Quoit.
Senara gave her name to Porthzennor Cove.
Senara continued to Ireland after founding Zennor.
The "s" in "Senara" changed to a "z".
The occurrence of the "s" changing to a "z" is common in the West Country.
The occurrence of the "s" changing to a "z" is rare elsewhere.
The farming system around Zennor Head dates from about 4000 BC.
The time of the Bronze Age in Cornwall is around 4000 BC.
The surrounding area and village of Zennor have been continually occupied for over 4,000 years.
Zennor Head was mined extensively for copper and tin in the 19th century.
Drainage adits remain visible on the eastern side of Zennor Head.
The promontory was donated to the National Trust in December 1953.
The Southwest Coast Path was created in 1978.
The Southwest Coast Path runs along the top of Zennor Head.
The Southwest Coast Path is part of a 630-mile (1,010 km) path.
The Southwest Coast Path follows the edge of the cliffs closely.
Zennor in Darkness is a 1994 McKitterick Prize-winning novel by Helen Dunmore.
Zennor in Darkness was partly set around Zennor Head.
In 2009, Zennor Head suffered flooding.
The flooding in 2009 affected the cliff-top footpath.
Zennor Head has been designated as part of the Penwith Heritage Coast.
Zennor Head is located on the north coast of Cornwall, England.
Zennor Head is a headland extending some 750 metres (2,460 ft).
Zennor Head is surrounded by steep cliffs plunging into the sea below.
Zennor Head is west of the town of St Ives.
Zennor Head is north-east of the town of Penzance.
The nearest human settlement to Zennor Head is the village of Zennor.
Zennor Head is flanked by two coves, Pendour and Porthzennor.
The nearest headland to Zennor Head is Gurnard's Head.
Gurnard's Head is 1.6 kilometres to the west of Zennor Head.
Access to Zennor Head is from the South West Coast Path.
Access to Zennor Head is from the B3306 road.
There is a deep inlet known as Horseback Zawn on the western side of Zennor Head.
Seabirds nest in Horseback Zawn.
The headland is topped by an Ordnance Survey "Trig Point".
The Killas strata is exposed over the majority of Zennor Head.
The Killas strata is a sedimentary rock formation.
The Killas strata was laid down in the Devonian period.
The Devonian period was between approximately 415 and 375 million years ago.
Zennor Head is on the surface boundary of the "Land's End Granite".
The "Land's End Granite" is part of the Cornubian batholith.
The Cornubian batholith dates from 279 to 274 million years ago.
The intrusion of granite into the Killas strata altered it metamorphically into a shale-type rock.
Zennor Head is home to a variety of wildlife.
Cornish choughs (Pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax) have been re-introduced to Zennor Head.
Grey seals (Halichoerus grypus) have been sighted off the coast of Zennor Head.
Many seabirds nest on the cliffs of Zennor Head.
Herring gulls (Larus argentatus) nest on the cliffs of Zennor Head.
Fulmars (Fulmarus glacialis) nest on the cliffs of Zennor Head.
Kestrels (Falco tinnunculus) hunt inland of the shoreline at Zennor Head.
The headland is primarily covered with grass.
The headland is primarily covered with heather (Calluna vulgaris).
The headland is primarily covered with bracken (Pteridium aquilinum).
The headland is primarily covered with thyme (Thymus mongolicus).
The headland is primarily covered with western gorse (Ulex gallii).
In 1962, specimens of the comparatively rare western clover (Trifolium occidentale) were found on Zennor Head.
The lichen Dirina massiliensis has been found high on the acid schist cliffs on the north-seaward side of Zennor Head.
The parasitic plant dodder (Cuscuta x.) is found amongst the other plants on Zennor Head.
Typical coastal flowering plants such as kidney vetch (Anthyllis vulneraria) are found on Zennor Head.
Typical coastal flowering plants such as sea campion (Silene uniflora) are found on Zennor Head.
Typical coastal flowering plants such as thrift (Armeria maritima) are found on Zennor Head.