The 100th Boat Race took place on 3 April 1954.
The Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
The Boat Race is held annually.
The Boat Race takes place along the River Thames.
The race was umpired by former Cambridge rower Kenneth Payne.
Oxford won the race by four-and-a-half lengths.
Oxford completed the race in a time of 20 minutes 23 seconds.
The overall record in the competition is now 54 victories for Cambridge and 45 victories for Oxford.
The Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing competition between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
The University of Oxford is sometimes referred to as the "Dark Blues."
The University of Cambridge is sometimes referred to as the "Light Blues."
The first Boat Race was held in 1829.
The race takes place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course.
The Championship Course is located on the River Thames in southwest London.
The rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge is a major point of honour.
The Boat Race is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
As of 2014, the Boat Race is broadcast worldwide.
Cambridge went into the 1954 race as reigning champions.
Cambridge won the 1953 race by eight lengths.
Cambridge led overall with 54 victories to Oxford's 44 victories.
The "dead heat" of 1877 is excluded from the overall record.
Cambridge was coached by N. B. M. Clack.
N. B. M. Clack had rowed in the 1952 race.
Cambridge was coached by James Crowden.
James Crowden represented Cambridge in the 1951 and 1952 races.
Cambridge was coached by R. H. H. Symonds.
R. H. H. Symonds had rowed in the 1931 race.
Oxford's coaches included Hugh Edwards.
Hugh Edwards was a Blue in 1926 and 1930.
Oxford's coaches included W. J. Llewellyn-Jones.
Oxford's coaches included J. H. Page.
Oxford's coaches included A. D. Rowe.
A. D. Rowe represented Oxford in the 1948 and 1949 races.
The race was umpired for the fourth time by Kenneth Payne.
Kenneth Payne had rowed for Cambridge in the 1932 and 1934 races.
The rowing correspondent for The Times suggested that a Cambridge victory seemed almost certain until three weeks before the race.
Practice rows for Cambridge proved disappointing.
The Oxford crew was struck down by influenza in training.
The Oxford crew had to reshuffle their order a month before the race.
The new order for the Oxford crew seemed weak.
The Oxford crew made better progress in training than the Cambridge crew.
The Cambridge crew was described as well-drilled.
The Cambridge crew had erratic timekeeping.
The Cambridge crew remained precarious favourites.
The Cambridge crew weighed an average of 12 st 9.5 lb (80.3 kg).
The Cambridge crew weighed 5 pounds (2.3 kg) per rower more than the Oxford crew.
Two members of the Oxford crew returned to the boat.
W. R. Marsh was the cox of the Oxford crew.
H. M. C. Quick was the boat club president of the Oxford crew.
H. M. C. Quick was making his third consecutive appearance in the Boat Race.
Cambridge's crew contained a single participant with Boat Race experience.
J. A. N. Wallis was the stroke and boat club president of the Cambridge crew.
The rowing correspondent for The Times stated that the crews have never been more closely matched.
The Oxford crew contained four non-British participants.
All four non-British participants in the Oxford crew were Australian.
The four Australian participants in the Oxford crew were E. V. Vine, J. A. Gobbo, J. G. McLeod, and Edward Pain.
Oxford won the toss before the race.
Oxford elected to start from the Surrey station.
Cambridge was handed the Middlesex side of the river.
Umpire Kenneth Payne started the race at 12:45 p.m.
Oxford made a quick start at the beginning of the race.
According to the rowing correspondent of The Times, Oxford literally leaped away at the start of the race.
Oxford seemed to row two strokes almost before Cambridge had begun.
By the end of the first minute, the Dark Blues were a few feet ahead.
The bend in the river favoured Cambridge.
The crews were level by Craven Steps.
Cambridge's stroke M. J. Marshall made a push during the race.
Cambridge could not gain any advantage during the race.
Both crews passed the Mile Post level during the race.
Oxford rated slightly lower than Cambridge during the race.
Oxford made the best of the bend in the river at Harrods Furniture Depository.
Oxford led by about a canvas-length by the time they passed below Hammersmith Bridge.
Both crews faced a strong headwind as they rowed into Chiswick Reach.
Cambridge struggled in the rough water in the middle of the river.
Oxford's cox W. R. Marsh steered towards the shelter of the Surrey shore.
Oxford gained a length in half a minute.
Oxford extended their lead to almost four lengths by Barnes Bridge.
Oxford's victory in the race was their second victory in eight years.