The American and the Queen is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company.
The film focuses on Maud, the fictional queen of Rumania.
Maud is overthrown by her cousin, Rupert.
Maud is thrown into prison after refusing the romantic advances of Rupert.
Maud escapes with the aid of her lady-in-waiting and a priest.
A wealthy American named Jack Walton foils an assassination attempt on Maud.
Jack Walton falls in love with Maud.
Maud is recaptured and set to be executed.
The priest comes up with a plan to save Maud by marrying Jack and Maud.
The ceremony takes place through Maud's cell window.
The United States military arrives to save Maud, who is now the wife of an American.
Rupert is killed in the ensuing conflict.
No known cast or production credits for the film are known.
The film was released on November 11, 1910.
The film was met with neutral to negative reviews by critics.
The patriotic element of the film was cited as likely being comical for European audiences.
The film was used as an example of an inappropriate example of American flag-waving.
The film is presumed lost.
A synopsis of the film survives in The Moving Picture World from October 22, 1910.
The synopsis states that Maud, the beautiful queen of Rumania, is deposed through the efforts of her wicked cousin, Rupert.
Rupert seizes the throne.
Rupert tries to make love to Maud.
Maud spurns Rupert's advances.
Rupert has Maud thrown into prison.
Maud escapes through the efforts of her faithful lady-in-waiting and the kindly priest.
While on a steamer, Rupert's spy locates Maud.
Rupert's spy decides to give Maud poison.
Jack Walton detects the spy's attempt to poison Maud.
Jack Walton is a wealthy young American.
Jack Walton has seen Maud and fallen in love with her without knowing anything about her history.
A number of noblemen urge Maud to make an effort to regain the throne.
Jack Walton joins the noblemen's plea to Maud.
Maud consents to make an effort to regain the throne.
Maud is only in her country a few hours before she is arrested.
Maud is arrested during the absence of Jack Walton on a mission.
Jack Walton prepares to save Maud.
Jack Walton has not hit on a definite plan to save Maud.
Father Paul proposes a scheme to save Maud.
Maud's prison is on the ground floor.
It is possible for Maud to stretch her hand through the bars of her prison.
Jack Walton marries Maud, though a stone wall is between them.
The priest is outside with the bridegroom.
The careless guards do not see Jack Walton and the priest.
Rupert sends for Maud again.
Rupert offers to marry Maud for the second time.
Maud spurns Rupert's second marriage proposal.
Rupert orders Maud's execution.
The sentence of execution is about to be carried out when Jack Walton arrives with a squad of U.S. troops.
The U.S. troops are from a troop ship in the harbor.
Maud is entitled to the protection of the U.S. troops because she is now the wife of an American.
Maud receives protection from the U.S. troops.
Rupert loses his life in the ensuing combat.
The writer of the scenario is unknown.
The writer of the scenario was most likely Lloyd Lonergan.
Lloyd Lonergan was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions.
A reviewer said that the film was a poor take on Anthony Hope.
The reviewer did not further expand on the nature of the connection to Anthony Hope.
The reference to Anthony Hope's works includes The Prisoner of Zenda.
The reference to Anthony Hope may have been made due to the arrival of a foreigner who resolves a royal conspiracy.
Bowers would list this film as being of "patriotic" character.
Bowers did not list this film simply as a drama or a comedy production.
The patriotic element of the film was heavily promoted in advertising.
The promotion of the patriotic element was likely true given the reaction of viewers to the film.
One article in The Moving Picture News referred to the film as an example of a problematic use of the United States flag.
The United States flag appears suddenly with the marines at the climax of the plot.
The climax of the plot occurs while on foreign soil.
The film director is unknown.
The film director may have been Barry O'Neil or Lucius J. Henderson.
Cameramen employed by the Thanhouser Company during this era included Blair Smith, Carl Louis Gregory, and Alfred H. Moses, Jr.
None of the cameramen are specifically credited.
The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions.
The cast credits are unknown.
Many 1910 Thanhouser productions are fragmentary.
In late 1910, the Thanhouser Company released a list of the important personalities in their films.
The list includes G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, Marie Eline, Violet Heming, Martin J. Faust, Thomas Fortune, George Middleton, Grace Moore, John W. Noble, Anna Rosemond, and Mrs. George Walters.
The single reel drama is approximately 1,000 feet long.
The film was originally planned to be released on November 4.
The release of the film was delayed.
Some advertisements and later listings for the film give an erroneous release date.
The film received negative reviews in trade publications.
The negative reviews were from even those publications that typically praised weaker productions.
The production was not criticized as sharply as the film Avenged had been.
Walton of The Moving Picture News stated that the film was a "very feeble echo on Anthony Hope."
The throne room staging in the film is ridiculous.
The resolution of the film is ridiculous.
The flag-waving business in the film is feebly melodramatic.
Princes do not sit on the sort of chair depicted in the film.
The reviewer from The Moving Picture News is an admirer of Thanhouser.
The reviewer from The Moving Picture News stated that the film is straight, plain punk.
In Europe, the film will be received as a Yankee joke.
The reviewer for The Moving Picture World was decidedly neutral.
The reviewer for The Moving Picture World highlighted only the novelty of the plot.
The reviewer for The Moving Picture World refrained from any criticism or praise of the merits of the production.
The New York Dramatic Mirror was negative about the film but not scathing.
The reviewer for The New York Dramatic Mirror stated that the narrative is very entertaining.
The narrative could be made entertaining if the producer had cared to trouble himself about details.
In its present crude form, the film's wild impossibility grates upon a spectator.
Every scene in the film has some inconsistency.
The film was worth doing well.
Neither the acting nor the mounting of the film has any particular merit.