Sri Temasek is a two-storey detached house built in 1869.
Sri Temasek is sited within the grounds of the Istana in Singapore.
Sri Temasek served as the residence of the Colonial Secretary or Chief Secretary during the island's colonial era.
Sri Temasek has been the official residence of the Prime Minister of Singapore since the establishment of the State of Singapore in 1959.
None of Singapore's Prime Ministers has ever lived in Sri Temasek.
Sri Temasek and the Istana were gazetted as a national monument on 14 February 1992.
The name of the house, Sri Temasek, means "splendour of Temasek" in the Malay language.
The Malay word "seri" or "sri" means "charm; quintessence; splendour; glory" or "cynosure."
The word "Temasek" means "sea town" in Javanese.
Temasek was the name of an early city on the site of modern Singapore.
The house was originally known as the official residence of the Chief Secretary of Singapore.
The house did not have its own name initially.
The State of Singapore was proclaimed in June 1959.
Lee Kuan Yew assumed office as the first Prime Minister in June 1959.
After June 1959, the house was officially named Sri Temasek.
The Government House was officially renamed as the Istana, which means palace.
The construction of the Istana Singapore and Sri Temasek was ordered by Sir Harry St. George Ord.
Sir Harry St. George Ord was the Governor of the Straits Settlements.
The original governor's residence had to be demolished in 1859.
The demolition was necessary to make way for Fort Canning.
Sri Temasek was designed by John Frederick Adolphus McNair.
John Frederick Adolphus McNair was a civil engineer.
John Frederick Adolphus McNair was appointed Executive Engineer and Superintendent of Convicts of the Straits Settlements.
Sri Temasek was built largely using Indian convict labour from Bencoolen.
Sri Temasek was completed in 1869.
Sri Temasek is a 1,600-square-metre (17,000 sq ft) two-storey detached house.
Sri Temasek is often called a bungalow in Singapore.
Sri Temasek has European and Asian features.
Sri Temasek has a symmetrical layout consisting of deep verandahs surrounding central living spaces.
Notable architectural features of Sri Temasek include arches on its upper level.
Sri Temasek has an intricate timber arcade with a mixture of eastern and western decorative motifs.
Sri Temasek has a Chinese moon gate on the building's second floor.
The moon gate is a circular gateway.
Few records exist concerning the moon gate's construction and usage.
The moon gate made its appearance in Sri Temasek in the 1960s.
The moon gate was designed and built by William Swaffield.
William Swaffield was a pre-World War II Comptroller of Government House.
William Swaffield was a professional furniture designer.
The moon gate is constructed of chengal, teak, and meranti wood.
There is a brick pit in the middle of the driveway in front of Sri Temasek.
The brick pit was originally used by horse-drawn carriages.
Sri Temasek was gazetted as a national monument on 14 February 1992.
Sri Temasek was not used for a number of years.
Sri Temasek fell into disrepair.
Sri Temasek underwent restoration between 2006 and March 2008.
CPG Consultants conducted the restoration of Sri Temasek.
The restoration was under the supervision of architect Maureen Soh.
The original hand-crafted timber arches and railings on the first-storey verandah had been damaged by termites.
Replacements moulded from the originals made with an aluminium-cast alloy were used for the arches and railings.
Details on railings, doors, and windows were restored during the restoration.
Several pintu pagar and wooden flooring were reinstated during the restoration.
The former servants' quarters at the rear of Sri Temasek were turned into a heritage gallery.
The restoration works on Sri Temasek won the Urban Redevelopment Authority's Architectural Heritage Award in Category A in 2008.
When first built in 1869, Sri Temasek was the residence of the Colonial Secretary of the Straits Settlements.
All holders of the position of Colonial Secretary resided in Sri Temasek from 1869 to 1959.
Sri Temasek is currently designated as the official residence of the Prime Minister of Singapore since 1959.
None of the past and present holders of the post of Prime Minister have lived in Sri Temasek as a family home.
Lee Kuan Yew and his wife Kwa Geok Choo decided not to move into Sri Temasek with their three children in 1959.
Lee Kuan Yew and Kwa Geok Choo's three children were aged seven, five, and two in 1959.
Lee Kuan Yew and Kwa Geok Choo did not want their children to grow up in grand surroundings with butlers and orderlies.
The Lee family stayed in Sri Temasek in 1965 for a short time for security reasons.
The Lee family stayed in Sri Temasek when Singapore separated from Malaysia.
The Lee children often played in the grounds of Sri Temasek in the evening.
Lee Kuan Yew often played golf or made use of the practice tee and putting green while his children played.
Sri Temasek has been used mostly for official functions.
Sri Temasek was particularly used for official functions in the 1960s and 1970s.
Prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included Tunku Abdul Rahman.
Tunku Abdul Rahman was the founding Prime Minister of Malaysia.
Prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included Spiro Agnew.
Spiro Agnew was the Vice-President of the United States.
Prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
Prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included Denis Healey.
Denis Healey was the British Defence Secretary.
Prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included King Hussein of Jordan.
Sri Temasek was the venue for a party hosted by Lee Kuan Yew in 1962.
The party in 1962 was to thank trade unionists and civil servants for their help with the referendum on Singapore joining Malaysia.
In 1983, the body of the late Minister for Finance Hon Sui Sen lay in state at Sri Temasek.
On 8 August 2008, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong delivered his National Day message from Sri Temasek for the first time.
The wake for Madam Kwa Geok Choo was held at Sri Temasek in October 2010.
Madam Kwa Geok Choo was the mother of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
Madam Kwa Geok Choo was the wife of Singaporean statesman Lee Kuan Yew.
A private family wake for Lee Kuan Yew was held at Sri Temasek in March 2015.