John Cash Neild was born on 4 January 1846.
John Cash Neild died on 8 March 1911.
John Cash Neild was an English-born Australian politician.
John Cash Neild served as a Senator from New South Wales from 1901 to 1910.
John Cash Neild's family arrived in Australia in 1860.
John Cash Neild worked as an insurance agent.
John Cash Neild worked as a company manager.
John Cash Neild won election to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in 1885.
John Cash Neild served intermittently in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly until 1901.
John Cash Neild had a tumultuous career as a backbencher.
John Cash Neild contributed significantly to the fall of the Reid government in 1899.
John Cash Neild established his own volunteer regiment.
John Cash Neild's volunteer regiment had a difficult relationship with military command.
John Cash Neild was elected to the Senate in 1901.
John Cash Neild was a vigorous supporter of old-age pensions.
John Cash Neild was a vigorous supporter of free trade.
John Cash Neild had ambitions of promotion that were never realized.
John Cash Neild was passionately loyal to the British Empire.
John Cash Neild questioned aspects of the White Australia policy.
John Cash Neild spoke in support of the children of Kanaka laborers facing deportation.
John Cash Neild had continued disputes with the military.
John Cash Neild attempted to have the commander of the Australian military forces found in contempt of Parliament.
John Cash Neild lost respect among his colleagues.
John Cash Neild spent his later career in comparative isolation.
John Cash Neild lost his Senate seat in 1910.
John Cash Neild died the year after losing his Senate seat.
John Cash Neild was born in Bristol.
Maria Greenwood was John Cash Neild's mother.
John Cash Neild's father was John Cash Neild, a surgeon.
John Cash Neild was named after his father.
John Cash Neild's family moved to Taranaki in New Zealand in 1853.
John Cash Neild's family evacuated to Sydney in 1860.
John Cash Neild's family evacuated to escape the First Taranaki War.
John Cash Neild married Clara Matilda Gertrude Agnew on 29 October 1868.
Philip Agnew was Clara Matilda Gertrude Agnew's father.
Philip Agnew founded the New South Wales Free Church of England.
Clara Matilda Gertrude Agnew died in 1879.
Clara Matilda Gertrude Agnew died three years after the death of the only child of the marriage.
John Cash Neild remarried on 19 February 1880.
John Cash Neild remarried at St Paul's Anglican Church in Redfern.
Georgine Marie Louise Uhr was John Cash Neild's second wife.
Georgine Marie Louise Uhr was the daughter of a former New South Wales sheriff.
John Cash Neild received a private education.
John Cash Neild was first employed at Montefiore, Joseph & Co.
John Cash Neild set up as a commission agent in 1865.
John Cash Neild became an insurance agent by 1870.
John Cash Neild managed several companies.
John Cash Neild was elected to Woollahra Municipal Council in 1876.
John Cash Neild unsuccessfully stood for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly seat of Paddington in 1882.
John Cash Neild was successful at his second attempt in 1885.
John Cash Neild was elected as a supporter of Henry Parkes.
John Cash Neild remained on Woollahra Council.
John Cash Neild served as mayor from 1888 to 1889.
John Cash Neild left the Woollahra Council in 1890.
John Cash Neild devoted his first speech to criticism of the Protectionist Dibbs government.
John Cash Neild became known for pursuing causes such as free trade.
John Cash Neild became known for pursuing causes such as old-age pensions.
John Cash Neild became known for pursuing causes such as law reform.
John Cash Neild earned the nickname "Jawbone" on 23 June 1886.
John Cash Neild spoke for nine hours against the Jennings government's introduction of ad valorem duties.
John Cash Neild was narrowly passed over by Henry Parkes for a ministry in January 1887.
John Cash Neild was given charge of Sir Alfred Stephen's divorce extension bill.
Sir Alfred Stephen's divorce extension bill passed in 1892.
John Cash Neild continued to be active in religious affairs.
John Cash Neild served as Right Worshipful Grand Master of the Loyal Orange Institution of New South Wales from 1891 to 1893.
John Cash Neild offended many extreme Protestants by praying for the recovery of the Pope.
John Cash Neild began to encounter difficulties in his political career towards the end of the 1880s.
John Cash Neild's oversight of the establishment of the 1887 Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition led to investigation by a Legislative Assembly select committee.
The Legislative Assembly select committee absolved John Cash Neild of accusations of extravagance.
The Legislative Assembly select committee absolved John Cash Neild of accusations of using his office for personal gain.
John Cash Neild began to agitate for old-age pensions in 1895.
John Cash Neild was investigated in 1899 after Premier George Reid paid him £350 for writing a report.
John Cash Neild repaid the £350 to Premier George Reid.
The incident involving the £350 was part of the pretext for a successful no confidence motion in September.
The successful no confidence motion in September brought down the Reid government.
John Cash Neild raised a volunteer regiment in response to the establishment of an Irish-Australian unit in the New South Wales citizen army.
John Cash Neild's volunteer regiment became St George's English Rifles.
John Cash Neild was promoted to major of the regiment in July 1896.
John Cash Neild was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in April 1898.
John Cash Neild frequently led his men dressed as British soldiers.
John Cash Neild led his men around Circular Quay to the tune of "The British Grenadiers" or "The English Gentleman."
John Cash Neild had no previous military experience.
Lord Beauchamp, the Governor, wrote that John Cash Neild's organization was "in a state of ridiculous insubordination."
John Cash Neild was suspended around Easter of 1899 for publicly criticizing a staff officer.
John Cash Neild encouraged insubordination.
John Cash Neild avoided dismissal only by investing considerable amounts of money into the regiment.
John Cash Neild contested the first federal election in 1901.
John Cash Neild ran as a Free Trade candidate for the Senate.
John Cash Neild was one of two parliamentarians to wear full dress uniform to the opening of Parliament.
John Cash Neild introduced the Parliamentary Evidence Bill on 9 August 1901.
The Parliamentary Evidence Bill aimed to enable and regulate the taking of evidence by Parliament and Parliamentary Committees.
The Parliamentary Evidence Bill was withdrawn and reintroduced several times over the next decade.
The Parliamentary Evidence Bill never passed into law.
John Cash Neild harbored ambitions of becoming deputy President.
John Cash Neild was active in many committees.
John Cash Neild failed to achieve his aim of becoming deputy President.
John Cash Neild served as Temporary Chairman of Committees from 1903 to 1910.
John Cash Neild was not a supporter of party discipline.
John Cash Neild refused to follow Sir Josiah Symon's leadership of the Free Trade Senators.
John Cash Neild spoke against the dictation test for non-British immigrants.
John Cash Neild spoke against the deportation of Kanaka workers.
John Cash Neild continued to advocate free trade.
John Cash Neild continued to advocate old-age pensions.
John Cash Neild won the fifth position at the 1901 election.
John Cash Neild faced re-election in 1903.
John Cash Neild's impassioned support of the British Empire saw him elected at the head of the poll in 1903.
John Cash Neild faced failing health during the 1903 election.
In March 1904, John Cash Neild attacked the government's military policy.
John Cash Neild attacked the commander of the military forces, Major-General Sir Edward Hutton.
Major-General Sir Edward Hutton had long wished to dismiss John Cash Neild from the citizen army.
John Cash Neild incited a near mutiny by destroying a well-known sergeant's military career.
John Cash Neild was suspended from duty.
John Cash Neild accused Major-General Sir Edward Hutton of intimidation.
John Cash Neild accused Major-General Sir Edward Hutton of infringing a Senator's right of freedom of expression.
In April 1904, the Senate formed a committee to investigate alleged contempt of Parliament by Major-General Sir Edward Hutton.
The Senate committee found that John Cash Neild had not been intimidated.
In 1905, John Cash Neild retired from the militia.
John Cash Neild's adventures had seen him lose respect in his political career.
John Cash Neild was openly mocked in the Senate chamber.
John Cash Neild became something of a joke in the Senate chamber.
John Cash Neild introduced a number of bills in his remaining five years in the Senate.
All of John Cash Neild's bills lapsed.
John Cash Neild spoke in support of Muslim camel drivers.
John Cash Neild opposed military training for boys.
John Cash Neild continued to oppose elements of the White Australia policy.
John Cash Neild raised concerns about Australian-born children of Kanaka laborers.
John Cash Neild stated that Australian-born children of Kanaka laborers would have difficulties in a country that is strongly supportive of the White Australia policy.
John Cash Neild was defeated at the 1910 election.
John Cash Neild suffered from hepatic cirrhosis.
John Cash Neild died at his home in Woollahra.
John Cash Neild was 65 years old at the time of his death.
John Cash Neild was survived by his second wife.
John Cash Neild was survived by his two children.
John Cash Neild received a military funeral.
John Cash Neild was buried with Anglican rites at Waverley Cemetery in Sydney.
John Cash Neild published an anthology of his own poetry titled "Songs 'neath the Southern Cross" in 1896.