Enter the Dominatrix is a downloadable content pack for the 2013 video game Saints Row IV.
Enter the Dominatrix tells an alternate story of the alien Zin invasion.
The story of Enter the Dominatrix is different than the main game.
The dialogue of Enter the Dominatrix often breaks the fourth wall.
The style of Enter the Dominatrix is self-referential in nature.
Enter the Dominatrix draws on its history as originally produced as downloadable content for Saints Row: The Third.
Enter the Dominatrix was first announced on April Fool's Day in 2012.
Enter the Dominatrix was later confirmed after its announcement.
Enter the Dominatrix was cancelled to be incorporated into Saints Row IV.
Saints Row IV drew on some aspects of the original idea of Enter the Dominatrix.
The rest of the original idea of Enter the Dominatrix was left for this downloadable content.
Enter the Dominatrix was released on October 22, 2013.
Enter the Dominatrix received mixed or average reviews.
Critics appreciated the treatment of Enter the Dominatrix's own history.
Chris Schilling of Eurogamer called Enter the Dominatrix a "very postmodern conceit."
Enter the Dominatrix tells an alternative story on the Zin invasion of Saints Row IV.
The simulation of Steelport is hijacked by a rogue artificial intelligence called the Dominatrix.
Enter the Dominatrix draws on its origins as Saints Row: The Third downloadable content.
Enter the Dominatrix was later delayed and repackaged.
Enter the Dominatrix frequently breaks the fourth wall.
The story's incongruence with the larger Saints Row story is a recurring theme in Enter the Dominatrix.
The characters in Enter the Dominatrix self-referentially acknowledge the plot holes.
The story of Enter the Dominatrix advances through cutscene clips presented as "unseen footage."
Jane Valderama is a television journalist who presents the "unseen footage" in Enter the Dominatrix.
Some scenes in Enter the Dominatrix end in concept art or videos of Volition employees acting out the drama.
The unfinished feel is a characteristic of Enter the Dominatrix.
Enter the Dominatrix casts characters from Saints Row: The Third who did not return in the sequel.
The player fights the Dominatrix several times in Enter the Dominatrix.
The Dominatrix appears as a cross between Maleficent and a sex worker.
Other missions in Enter the Dominatrix include using telekinesis to cage furries at a sex club.
Other missions in Enter the Dominatrix include a BDSM chariot race.
There are five missions in total in Enter the Dominatrix.
Enter the Dominatrix introduces new weapons such as a heavy minigun.
Enter the Dominatrix introduces a flamethrower.
Enter the Dominatrix introduces a grenade launcher.
Enter the Dominatrix introduces new vehicles.
Enter the Dominatrix introduces new computer-controlled support characters called "homies."
Up to two players can play cooperatively in Enter the Dominatrix.
THQ announced an Enter the Dominatrix standalone expansion for Saints Row: The Third as an April Fool's joke in 2012.
THQ confirmed Enter the Dominatrix as in development the next month.
The basic plot of Enter the Dominatrix involves the alien commander Zinyak imprisoning the Saints' leader in The Dominatrix simulation of Steelport.
Zinyak imprisons the Saints' leader to prevent interference when he takes over the planet.
The expansion of Enter the Dominatrix was to add superpowers for the player character.
In June, THQ said the expansion would be wrapped into a full sequel.
The full sequel was tentatively titled "The Next Great Sequel in the Saints Row Franchise."
The full sequel was scheduled for release in 2013.
The parts of the Enter the Dominatrix expansion that weren't incorporated into the sequel were later released as downloadable content for Saints Row IV.
Enter the Dominatrix was developed by Volition.
Enter the Dominatrix was published by Deep Silver.
Enter the Dominatrix was followed by the "How the Saints Saved Christmas" downloadable content pack.
High Voltage Software ported the full game and all of its downloadable content to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
The port to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One was released as Saints Row 4: Re-Elected.
Saints Row 4: Re-Elected was released in North America on January 20, 2015.
Saints Row 4: Re-Elected was released worldwide three days later.
A Linux port of Saints Row 4: Re-Elected is planned for release in 2015.
Enter the Dominatrix received "mixed or average reviews," according to Metacritic.
Chris Schilling of Eurogamer called Enter the Dominatrix "a fascinating case study in how games evolve."
Eric Patterson of Electronic Gaming Monthly commented on how downloadable content in the industry is seen as content pulled from the retail release.
Eric Patterson noted that Enter the Dominatrix's development history flips the perception of downloadable content on its head.
Eric Patterson had never otherwise seen a developer purposefully let its fans play "shelved" content.
Eric Patterson found the experience of Enter the Dominatrix "fascinating."
Mikel Reparaz of Official Xbox Magazine said it was fun to see what "could have been."
Chris Schilling called the self-referential nature of Enter the Dominatrix a "very postmodern conceit."
Chris Schilling thought the self-referential nature of Enter the Dominatrix worked well.
Chris Schilling felt that the satire in Enter the Dominatrix was not good.
Chris Schilling described the writing in Enter the Dominatrix as "genuinely funny."
Chris Schilling felt that the repeated Dominatrix fight scenes should not have felt as low budget.
Chris Schilling recommended Enter the Dominatrix for those who love "wry gags about creaky gaming tropes with the occasional belly laugh."
Chris Schilling had a better time finding his own fun than playing through the missions in Enter the Dominatrix.
Eric Patterson noted that those who are looking for cost benefit would be disappointed by the lack of content in Enter the Dominatrix.
Eric Patterson specifically mentioned those who had already finished the main game would be disappointed by the lack of content.
Eric Patterson was interested in Enter the Dominatrix for its behind-the-scenes aspects.
Eric Patterson encouraged other developers to use behind-the-scenes aspects more often.