10 is a greatest hits album by American Christian rock band MercyMe.
10 was released on April 7, 2009.
10 was released to commemorate the tenth anniversary of MercyMe's single "I Can Only Imagine."
The album contains twelve of MercyMe's number-one singles from five studio albums.
The five studio albums are Almost There, Spoken For, Undone, Coming Up to Breathe, and All That Is Within Me.
10 includes a re-recording of "I Can Only Imagine" featuring the London Sessions Orchestra.
10 includes two other bonus tracks.
Additional content varies depending on the version of the album.
The additional content includes music videos, featurettes, and live recordings.
10 received mostly positive reviews from music critics.
The amount of content and the videos included with 10 received particular praise.
10 debuted at number 18 on the Billboard 200.
10 debuted at number one on the Billboard Christian Albums chart.
10 sold 30,000 copies in its first week.
Billboard ranked 10 as the 13th best-selling Christian album of 2009 in the United States.
Billboard ranked 10 as the 40th best-selling Christian album of 2010 in the United States.
In 1999, MercyMe was working on an independent record called The Worship Project.
MercyMe needed one more song to fill out The Worship Project.
Bart Millard wrote "I Can Only Imagine" while reminiscing about his father's death.
MercyMe aimed to produce a worship record of easy-to-sing songs.
MercyMe included "I Can Only Imagine" because it was important to Bart Millard.
"I Can Only Imagine" was included on MercyMe's major-label debut, 2001's Almost There.
"I Can Only Imagine" became a hit on Christian radio.
"I Can Only Imagine" crossed over and became successful on mainstream radio in 2003.
Around eight months before the release of 10, MercyMe was approached by their label about producing a greatest-hits record.
MercyMe was initially against the idea of producing a greatest-hits record.
Bart Millard felt that a greatest-hits record meant a band was near the end of their career.
Bart Millard later remembered he had written "I Can Only Imagine" in 1999.
The idea shifted from a greatest-hits record to a celebration of the song's ten-year anniversary.
The concept of celebrating the song's ten-year anniversary was more comfortable for MercyMe.
10 includes fifteen songs.
10 includes twelve of MercyMe's number-one Christian radio singles.
10 includes three bonus tracks.
Live versions of ten of MercyMe's songs were included on some versions of 10.
"I Can Only Imagine (Symphony Edition)" was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London.
"I Can Only Imagine (Symphony Edition)" features the London Session Orchestra.
"Ten Simple Rules" was originally included as a music video on Hoop Dogz, a children's video DVD.
"Ten Simple Rules" relates the Ten Commandments.
MercyMe began playing "Ten Simple Rules" in concerts.
Fans wanted "Ten Simple Rules" to be put on CD.
"Only Temporary" is a rock song with a distinct southern influence.
"Only Temporary" was a new track not included on any other album or project.
Physical versions of 10 were released with a 'Sight' DVD containing video content.
The 'Sight' DVD includes music videos for "I Can Only Imagine," "So Long Self," "God with Us," "You Reign," and "Finally Home."
The 'Sight' DVD includes live videos for "Word of God Speak," "Bring the Rain," and "Hold Fast."
The live videos were recorded live throughout MercyMe's fall 2008 tour by one camera.
"Spoken For" and "Homesick" were taken from MercyMe's 2004 live DVD MercyMe Live.
"In the Blink of an Eye" was taken from the collector's edition of MercyMe's 2007 album All That Is Within Me.
Two featurettes were included on the 'Sight' DVD.
The first featurette is "The Making of 'I Can Only Imagine'," which had previously appeared on MercyMe Live.
The second featurette is "Gospel Music Channel's Faith & Fame: MercyMe," which recounts MercyMe's career from their early years.
The iTunes version of 10 only includes the two featurettes.
10 was released in a two-disc collection featuring the 'Sound' CD and 'Sight' DVD.
10 was released in a three-disc "Deluxe Edition" including an additional CD of 10 live songs.
10 was released digitally to iTunes on October 7, 2009.
The digital release of 10 includes the sound CD content and live recordings.
The digital release of 10 includes the two documentaries.
10 spent two weeks atop the Christian Albums chart.
10 spent 73 weeks on the Christian Albums chart in total.
Jared Johnson of AllMusic gave 10 4.5 out of 5 stars.
Jared Johnson noted 10 as an 'Album Pick.'
Jared Johnson called 10 "one of the best and most long-awaited greatest-hits albums in recent memory."
Jared Johnson praised the amount of content in 10.
Jenna DeWitt of The Baylor Lariat gave 10 an A-.
Jenna DeWitt praised "I Can Only Imagine (Symphony Edition)" as "awe-inspiring."
Jenna DeWitt praised the DVD content of 10.
Jenna DeWitt stated the only mistake in buying 10 is if someone is really tired of the extensive radio airplay that these hits have gotten.
Dave Derbyshire of Cross Rhythms gave 10 nine out of ten squares.
Dave Derbyshire called 10 a "brilliant introduction" to MercyMe.
Dave Derbyshire criticized a few of the songs on 10 as being overly sentimental.
Matt Johnson of Jesus Freak Hideout gave 10 three out of five stars.
Matt Johnson noted the DVD content of 10 as being "what really makes this worth your money."
Matt Johnson was critical of the interface of 10.
Matt Johnson felt the CD content of 10 did not include enough songs.
Matt Johnson felt the new recordings on 10 weren't particularly impressive.
Matt Johnson noted the orchestra and Bart Millard's vocals as conflicting on the re-recording of "I Can Only Imagine."
Matt Johnson said the re-recording of "I Can Only Imagine" takes the song to new heights than previously conceived.
Justin Michael of Sight Magazine gave 10 a positive review.
Justin Michael called 10 "a must for all MercyMe fans."
Justin Michael stated 10 is for those who need a hooky melody with a message.
Justin Michael stated 10 is for people who love getting a free DVD with their albums.
Justin Michael praised the one-camera tour videos in 10.
Justin Michael noted "Ten Simple Rules" is "not their brightest musical moment."