Pegasus Bridge is a turn-based strategy video game developed by Personal Software Services.
Pegasus Bridge was published by Personal Software Services.
Pegasus Bridge was released exclusively in the United Kingdom.
Pegasus Bridge was released for the ZX Spectrum.
Pegasus Bridge was released for the Amstrad CPC.
Pegasus Bridge was released for the Commodore 64.
Pegasus Bridge was released in 1987.
Pegasus Bridge is the ninth instalment of the Strategic Wargames series.
Pegasus Bridge is set during the landings in Normandy on D-Day in the Second World War.
Pegasus Bridge revolves around the British 6th Airborne Division's attempts to secure a bridge over the Caen Canal.
Alan Steel designed Pegasus Bridge.
Alan Steel developed all of the games in the Strategic Wargames series.
The player can assume control of either British forces or German forces in Pegasus Bridge.
Gameplay of Pegasus Bridge focuses on British forces securing various locations in Normandy.
Gameplay of Pegasus Bridge focuses on German forces defending the area from the attacking British.
Pegasus Bridge received mixed reviews upon release.
Praise was directed at the "attractive" graphics of Pegasus Bridge.
A major bug was discovered during one reviewer's initial testing of Pegasus Bridge.
The major bug caused Pegasus Bridge to crash.
Pegasus Bridge revolves around the British 6th Airborne Division's attempts to secure Bénouville Bridge.
Bénouville Bridge was later renamed Pegasus Bridge in honour of the battle.
The Normandy landings occurred on 5 June 1944.
The player is able to command either the British side or the German side in the game.
British units will not appear on the map at the beginning of the game.
The British 6th Airborne Division have not yet made their parachute drops at the beginning of the game.
German forces are distributed around the four far corners of the map.
A few German units are positioned near Bénouville Bridge.
If playing as the British, the objective is to defeat all German forces.
If playing as the British, the objective is to secure all bridges in the area.
The capture or destruction of the Merville Battery is the ultimate goal if playing as the British.
If playing as the Germans, the only objective is to hold off all British attacks for 18 hours.
Holding off all British attacks for 18 hours is equivalent to 36 in-game turns.
Pegasus Bridge features ten different types of terrain.
The terrain affects the movement of the troops.
The terrain affects the defensibility of certain areas.
If units are situated in towns or woodland areas, their attacks will be less effective.
High wind speeds will render British parachuting troops temporarily ineffective.
Units on the map are presented as small squares.
Units can be stacked together to increase defence.
British forces may destroy various bridges throughout the game.
Certain bridges must be preserved in order to win the game.
Certain bridges include those over the Caen Canal.
Certain bridges include those over the Orne river.
Personal Software Services was founded in Coventry, England.
Gary Mays founded Personal Software Services.
Richard Cockayne founded Personal Software Services.
Personal Software Services was founded in November 1981.
Personal Software Services was known for creating games that revolved around historic war battles and conflicts.
Personal Software Services created the game Theatre Europe.
Personal Software Services created the game Bismarck.
Personal Software Services created the game Falklands '82.
Personal Software Services had a partnership with ERE Informatique.
Personal Software Services published localised versions of ERE Informatique's products to the United Kingdom.
The Strategic Wargames series was conceptualised by Alan Steel in 1984.
Alan Steel would often research the topic of the upcoming game during development.
Alan Steel passed on the findings to other associates in Coventry and London.
In 1983, Personal Software Services received recognition for being "one of the top software houses" in the United Kingdom.
Personal Software Services was a finalist for BBC Radio 4's New Business Enterprise Award in 1983.
In 1986, Richard Cockayne decided to alter their products for release on 16-bit consoles.
Richard Cockayne found that smaller 8-bit consoles lacked the processing power for larger strategy games.
The decision to alter products was falsely interpreted as "pulling out" from the Spectrum market.
Phillipa Irving is a video game journalist.
Personal Software Services experienced financial difficulties after years of successful sales throughout the mid-1980s.
Richard Cockayne admitted in a retrospective interview that he took his eye off the ball.
Personal Software Services was acquired by Mirrorsoft in February 1987.
Personal Software Services was later dispossessed by Mirrorsoft due to strains of debt.
Owen Bishop found a major bug during testing of Pegasus Bridge.
The major bug affected Owen Bishop's experience with Pegasus Bridge.
Owen Bishop stated that "being Brits [we] were obviously too gentlemanly to take advantage of such a situation."
Owen Bishop criticised the high speed at which the in-game messages flash.
Owen Bishop described the high speed of in-game messages as "excessive."
Philippa Irving criticised the presentation of Pegasus Bridge.
Philippa Irving described the key action in Pegasus Bridge as "annoying."
Philippa Irving stated that the "annoying" key action ruined playability.
Philippa Irving stated that the controls of Pegasus Bridge were limited by a cursor.
Philippa Irving praised the graphics of Pegasus Bridge.
Philippa Irving praised the historical accuracy of Pegasus Bridge.
Philippa Irving described the graphics of Pegasus Bridge as "attractive."
Philippa Irving described the atmosphere of Pegasus Bridge as "unatmospheric."
Philippa Irving stated that Pegasus Bridge was clearly based on the historical situation.
A reviewer of Computer and Video Games called Pegasus Bridge an "excellent game."
A reviewer of Computer and Video Games praised the value for money of Pegasus Bridge.
A reviewer of Computer and Video Games criticised the "slow moving" pace of Pegasus Bridge.
A reviewer of Computer and Video Games compared the pace of Pegasus Bridge to the fast tempo of the historical battle.