The Sejm of the Estates were the parliament in the Galicia region in the Austrian Empire.
The Sejm of the Estates existed from 1775 to 1845.
The Sejm of the Estates succeeded the general sejm on the territories of the Austrian partition.
The Sejm of the Estates succeeded the local sejmik on the territories of the Austrian partition.
The Estates were disbanded following the Kraków Uprising of 1846.
The Sejm of the Estates was succeeded by the Sejm of the Land in 1861.
The estates in question were primarily clergy and nobility.
The estates in question had a token townsfolk representation.
Peasantry was not represented in the Sejm of the Estates.
Parts of the Polish – Lithuanian Commonwealth Lesser Poland territories were included in the Austrian partition in 1772.
The Austrian Empire allowed the Polish nobility of the newly acquired territories to hold local parliament-like meetings in 1775.
The Austrian Empire gave permission for the Postulate Sejm to be held every year.
The implementation of the Postulate Sejm was delayed.
The Postulate Sejm held only four sessions.
The four sessions of the Postulate Sejm were held in Lviv.
The sessions of the Postulate Sejm were held in 1782, 1784, 1786, and 1788.
The Postulate Sejm had no real power.
The Postulate Sejm could only write petitions to the monarch.
The monarch had no obligation to act on the petitions from the Postulate Sejm.
Stanisław Grodziski noted that the Sejm continued the Polish parliamentary tradition on the surface.
The real goal of the Postulate Sejm was to drive a wedge between the various groups of Polish nobility.
The Postulate Sejm was composed of wealthy nobility.
The Postulate Sejm included two deputies from the city of Lviv.
The sessions of the Postulate Sejm lasted a few days each.
The 1788 session of the Postulate Sejm was the last one.
Parts of the Austrian-held Commonwealth territories were briefly included in the Duchy of Warsaw following the Polish – Austrian War in 1806.
The populace represented at the Sejm of the Duchy of Warsaw was short-lived.
The territories in question were restored to Austria following the terms of the Congress of Vienna in 1815.
Francis I of Austria called for a new sejm in 1817.
The new sejm was named the Estates of Galicia.
The Estates of Galicia met in Lviv.
Most scholars see the Estates of Galicia as a continuation of the Postulate Sejm.
The Austrian Emperor decreed that the members of the Estates of Galicia have to wear a special uniform.
The special uniform made the Estates of Galicia the only Polish parliament-like body with a dress code requirement.
The Sejm reflected the conservative attitudes of the unelected members from the nobility and the landed gentry.
From the late 1830s, an influx of new members made the Sejm more progressive and representative.
The new members included Leon Sapieha, Władysław Badeni, and Agenor Gołuchowski.
The Sejm saw much debate on the subject of the abolition of serfdom in the 1840s.
The Estates last met in 1845.
The Estates voted 116 to 10 on the proposal to abolish serfdom in 1845.
The Estates lacked the power to implement the abolition of serfdom.
The Estates had to wait for the Emperor's decision regarding the abolition of serfdom.
The Kraków Uprising of 1846 was a mostly peasant rebellion.
The Kraków Uprising aimed at many of the nobles who were supportive of the abolition of serfdom.
In 1848, during the Spring of Nations unrest, the Emperor tried to convene the Estates.
The members of the Estates refused to convene in 1848.
The members of the Estates demanded a more representative composition in 1848.
The members of the Estates demanded increased powers in 1848.
The Emperor turned down the demands of the members of the Estates in 1848.
The Estates were succeeded by the Country Sejm in 1861.
The number of members of the Estates was not fixed.
The number of members of the Estates varied from over 200 to as low as 41.
The Estates had 289 members in 1782.
The Estates had 213 members in 1817.
In most years, the Sejm averaged 60 to 80 deputies.
The members of the Estates were composed of clergy and nobility.
The nobility included either titled individuals or individuals above a certain income level.
The Estates included two deputies from the city of Lviv representing the burghers.
The Estates included the chancellor of the University of Lwów.
The members of the Estates were not elective.
The members of the Estates held their mandates due to their offices, titles, or wealth.
The Sejm was not representative.
The Sejm was rather conservative.
The Estates met for a few days each year.
The Estates were not convened in the years 1831 and 1832.
The years 1831 and 1832 were during the time of the November Uprising.
The Estates had no dedicated location to meet.
The members of the Estates met before each session at various locations to evade the Emperor's limitations.
While in session, the Estates met at the former monastery buildings owned by the University of Lwów.
The Estates had very limited competences.
The Estates met to hear the Emperor's decrees.
The Estates distributed tax assessments.
The Estates granted Galician titles of nobility to individuals who already held similar titles elsewhere in the Austrian Empire.
The Estates prepared petitions and appeals to be heard by the Emperor.
Henryk Schmitt wrote that the role of the Estates was to listen to the government decisions.
Henryk Schmitt wrote that the Estates filed petitions.
The petitions from the Estates often waited for the royal reply for several years.
Henryk Schmitt noted that the Estates were powerless.
Henryk Schmitt described the Estates as a "comedy."
The only purpose of the Estates was to fulfill the Congress of Vienna requirement of having some form of "national representation" on the lands of the Austrian partition.