"Greatest Hits" is the 21st episode of the third season of Lost.
"Greatest Hits" is the 70th episode of the series Lost.
"Greatest Hits" was written by co-executive producers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz.
"Greatest Hits" was directed by supervising producer Stephen Williams.
"Greatest Hits" first aired on May 16, 2007, on ABC in the United States.
"Greatest Hits" first aired on May 16, 2007, on CTV in Canada.
"Greatest Hits" was viewed by 12 million Americans.
"Greatest Hits" was well received by critics.
Lost's editors received a Golden Reel Award nomination.
The episode takes place on December 22, 2004.
The episode takes place 92 days after the crash of Oceanic Airlines Flight 815.
A group of survivors prepares for an upcoming raid on their camp by the "Others."
The rest of the survivors prepare to contact a nearby freighter.
Charlie Pace recounts the five greatest moments of his life.
Charlie Pace's greatest moments are depicted in flashbacks.
Charlie Pace prepares to fulfill Desmond Hume's premonitions of his death.
Ben Linus orders ten of the Others to go to the survivors' camp to kidnap any pregnant women that night.
Ben Linus orders the Others to go to the survivors' camp a night earlier than scheduled.
Alex persuades her boyfriend Karl to canoe to the survivors' beach to warn them.
Jack Shephard plans to kill the ambushing Others with dynamite.
Jack Shephard retrieves dynamite from island resident Danielle Rousseau.
Sayid Jarrah, Jin Kwon, and Bernard Nadler are selected to stay behind.
Sayid Jarrah, Jin Kwon, and Bernard Nadler will shoot the dynamite-rigged tents when the Others arrive.
Desmond tells Charlie about his latest premonition.
Desmond's premonition states that Claire Littleton and her baby Aaron will escape the island via helicopter.
Desmond's premonition states that Charlie must flip a switch in a Dharma Initiative station and drown.
Sayid tells Jack that he may be able to communicate with the freighter.
The freighter is roughly 130 kilometers offshore.
Sayid can use the satellite phone of Naomi Dorrit to communicate with the freighter.
Naomi Dorrit is a woman working with those on the boat.
Sayid must go to the radio tower to disable Rousseau's distress signal.
Juliet Burke informs Sayid that the underwater "Looking Glass" is blocking outgoing transmissions.
Sayid realizes that a cable he found seventy days before connects to the station.
Sayid realizes they will need someone to go on a probable suicide mission to the station.
Charlie volunteers to go on the probable suicide mission to the station.
Naomi tells Charlie that his band Drive Shaft released a successful greatest hits album after the crash of Flight 815.
Flashbacks show Charlie's greatest hits of his life in descending order.
Charlie writes down his greatest hits and gives them to Desmond for Claire.
The first greatest hit is the first time Charlie heard his band's breakout song on the radio.
The second greatest hit is when Simon taught Charlie how to swim at Butlins.
The third greatest hit is when Liam gave Charlie their grandfather Dextor Stratton's "DS" ring as a Christmas present.
The fourth greatest hit is when Charlie saved a woman from being mugged and was called a hero.
The fifth greatest hit is when Charlie met Claire the night following the crash.
Before paddling out to the Looking Glass, Charlie assures Claire that he will be fine.
Charlie kisses Claire goodbye before leaving.
Charlie leaves his ring in Aaron's crib.
Charlie knocks Desmond out with an oar after arriving over the station.
Charlie dives into the water after knocking Desmond out.
Charlie enters the station after diving underwater.
Two Others named Greta and Bonnie appear with guns aimed at Charlie.
Most of the island scenes were filmed from April 9, 2007, to April 12, 2007.
A detailed episode synopsis was uploaded online before the episode aired.
Disney investigated the leak of the episode synopsis.
The name of the Dharma station in the episode is an allusion to Lewis Carroll's novel Through the Looking-Glass.
Dominic Monaghan was inspired by Leonardo DiCaprio's underwater performance in Titanic.
Dominic Monaghan opened his mouth briefly underwater to appear under greater duress.
This episode began the resolution of the story arc about Desmond's prophecy regarding Charlie's inevitable death.
The story arc about Desmond's prophecy began earlier in the season.
The story arc about Desmond's prophecy would ultimately end in the finale.
The storyline was conceived while producing the latter part of the second season.
The writers were brainstorming ideas for a new storyline for Charlie.
Desmond could have had flashes of the future about anyone.
Charlie was chosen over a less significant character for the storyline.
The writers wanted the story to have higher stakes.
The writers decided it would be a great way to bring out the heroic side of Charlie.
Charlie is the only character to die willingly.
The writers believed that Charlie always was a good person.
The writers wanted to show the happiest moments of Charlie's life.
Dominic Monaghan thought that "Greatest Hits" was made to allow the audience to prepare for Charlie's fate.
"Greatest Hits" marked the first appearance for married couple Rose and Bernard since the late second season.
Fans welcomed the return of Rose and Bernard.
The writers cited the actors' other projects as a reason for Rose and Bernard's absence.
The writers feared that fans would complain if Rose and Bernard appeared.
Many actors with star billing had received limited screentime in the early third season.
The writers do not want to have Rose and Bernard on the show if they are just going to be standing in the background.
The writers want to have Rose and Bernard in the show with interesting storylines.
"Greatest Hits" brought in an average of 12.32 million American viewers.
"Greatest Hits" made Lost the fifteenth most watched series of the week.
The viewership of "Greatest Hits" was consistent with previous Lost episodes in the same timeslot.
The first half of "Greatest Hits" was viewed by 11.9 million Americans.
The audience of "Greatest Hits" increased to 12.8 million in the second half.
"Greatest Hits" received a 5.2/14 in the key adults 18-49 demographic.
"Greatest Hits" was the top-rated scripted program for the night.
In Canada, "Greatest Hits" was seen by 875,000 people.
"Greatest Hits" ranked twenty-seventh for the week in Canada.
In the United Kingdom, "Greatest Hits" attracted 1.21 million viewers.
"Greatest Hits" was the second most watched program of the week on non-terrestrial channels in the United Kingdom.
"Greatest Hits" was beaten only by Katie & Peter: The Next Chapter in the United Kingdom.
In Australia, Lost was the fifty-first most viewed show of the week.
Lost brought in 1.001 million viewers in Australia.
Patrick Day of the Los Angeles Times thought that "Greatest Hits" was above par for penultimate set-up episodes.
Patrick Day celebrated the return of Jack "from Mt. Boring."
Patrick Day celebrated the use of drums in Michael Giacchino's musical score.
Patrick Day celebrated the return of Rose and Bernard.
Jeff Jensen of Entertainment Weekly wrote that Dominic Monaghan turned in his best performance yet on Lost.
Jeff Jensen described the final scene of "Greatest Hits" as breathtaking.
Jeff Jensen described the final scene of "Greatest Hits" as a stunningly realized, Emmy-worthy triumph of F/X.
Kristin Veitch of E! enjoyed Dominic Monaghan's acting in "Greatest Hits."
Kristin Veitch called "Greatest Hits" a perfect example of the series' high quality.
Charlie McCollum of the San Jose Mercury News described the latter episodes of the third season as an absolute thrill ride.
Chris Carabott of IGN rated "Greatest Hits" as an 8.5/10.
Chris Carabott commended the character development of Jack and Charlie in "Greatest Hits."
Chris Carabott commended the acting skills of Michael Emerson, who portrays Ben.
Lulu Bates of Television Without Pity graded "Greatest Hits" as an "A-."
Erin Martell of AOL's TV Squad rated "Greatest Hits" as a 6/7.
Erin Martell said that "Greatest Hits" succeeded in building momentum for the season finale.
Erin Martell pointed out a plot inconsistency regarding Charlie's (in)ability to swim.
Scott Juba of The Trades decided that "Greatest Hits" was the best episode of the third season.
Scott Juba said that the flashbacks evoked identifiable human emotions that drive the success of Lost.
Scott Juba stated that the true genius of Lost lies in its ability to make the audience invested in the characters.
Jon Lachonis of BuddyTV noted that "Greatest Hits" was wildly successful in turning Charlie into a likeable and relatable character.
This episode was submitted for consideration for Outstanding Directing for the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards.
This episode was submitted for consideration for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards.
This episode was nominated for the Golden Reel Award in the Best Sound Editing in Television: Short Form – Dialogue and Automated Dialogue Replacement category.