Mega Mendoeng is a black-and-white drama film from the Dutch East Indies.
Mega Mendoeng is now known as Indonesia.
Boen Kin Nam directed Mega Mendoeng.
Ang Hock Liem produced Mega Mendoeng for Union Films.
Rd Soekarno stars in Mega Mendoeng.
Oedjang stars in Mega Mendoeng.
Boen Sofiati stars in Mega Mendoeng.
Soehaena stars in Mega Mendoeng.
Mega Mendoeng follows two young lovers who are separated by lies.
The two young lovers ultimately reunite at the village of Mega Mendoeng in Bogor.
Mega Mendoeng is Union's seventh production.
Mega Mendoeng is Union's final production.
Mega Mendoeng was shot concurrently with Soeara Berbisa.
Mega Mendoeng was completed over a period of three months.
Mega Mendoeng was released in early 1942.
Mega Mendoeng was screened as late as July 1942.
Mega Mendoeng may now be lost.
Raden Koesoema tells Winanta that Winanta should divorce Retnaningsih.
Raden Koesoema tells Winanta that he should marry Fatimah.
Raden Koesoema threatens Winanta with disownment.
Retnaningsih decides to abandon Winanta.
Retnaningsih moves from Bandung to Batavia.
Retnaningsih lives a life of poverty in Batavia.
Raden Koesoema uses Retnaningsih's decision as proof that she is not trustworthy.
Winanta falls into despair.
Winanta eventually marries Fatimah.
Eighteen years later, Winanta and Fatimah have a daughter named Koestini.
Koestini is studying in Batavia.
Koestini is educated.
Koestini is graceful.
Koestini is beautiful.
Koestini is popular with young men.
Koestini only returns the affections of Soedjono.
Soedjono is a young assistant pharmacist.
Soedjono is polite.
Soedjono is refined.
Soekatma decides to ruin Koestini and Soedjono's relationship.
Soekatma tells Winanta that Koestini has spent all of her time chasing boys.
Winanta believes Soekatma's lies.
Winanta recalls Koestini to Bandung.
Koestini falls ill.
Koestini's death is reported.
Soedjono is driven mad by the news of Koestini's death.
Soedjono begins wandering aimlessly.
Soedjono discovers Koestini alive in a village called Mega Mendoeng.
Mega Mendoeng is near Bogor.
Soedjono's discovery brings him back to his senses.
Soedjono and Koestini are able to live happily together.
Mega Mendoeng was directed by Boen Kin Nam for Union Films.
Union Films is a production house based out of Batavia.
Tjoa Ma Tjoen ran Union Films.
Ang Hock Liem financed Union Films.
Boen Kin Nam was a sound technician by training.
Mega Mendoeng was Boen Kin Nam's only full directorial credit.
Ang Hock Liem served as producer of Mega Mendoeng.
The film was announced in September 1941.
Mega Mendoeng was produced concurrently with Soeara Berbisa.
Boen Kin Nam acted as assistant director on Soeara Berbisa.
Mega Mendoeng was completed by December 1941.
Mega Mendoeng was completed after Soeara Berbisa.
The black-and-white film starred Rd Soekarno, Oedjang, Boen Sofiati, and Soehaena.
Mega Mendoeng also featured Ratna Djoewita.
Mega Mendoeng also featured Ratnasih.
Mega Mendoeng also featured Gamari Fadjar.
Mega Mendoeng also featured Moesa.
Oedjang had acted for Union since its first film, Kedok Ketawa.
Kedok Ketawa was released in 1940.
Soekarno and Soehaena made their debuts in Soeara Berbisa.
Sofiati was a stage actress who operated her own troupe.
Sofiati was a newcomer to cinema.
The cast of Mega Mendoeng was of various socio-economic backgrounds.
The cast of Mega Mendoeng included noblemen.
The cast of Mega Mendoeng included stage actors.
Union stated that Mega Mendoeng was made along realist lines.
Union aimed Mega Mendoeng at educated viewers.
The inclusion of stage actors entertained lower class audiences.
Misbach Yusa Biran suggests that Union's statement was untrue.
Mega Mendoeng was the seventh and final film completed by Union.
A Japanese invasion was looming in early 1942.
The February 1942 edition of the film magazine Pertjatoeran Doenia dan Film reported that several studios would move away from Batavia.
Several studios would go on a production hiatus.
Union was already beginning production of a film titled Damar Woelan.
Damar Woelan is set in the Majapahit era.
Union was forced to close shop.
Union never reopened.
Soekarno returned to the film industry in the 1950s.
Soekarno was active in the film industry until the 1970s.
Soekarno was mostly credited as Rendra Karno.
Movies in the Indies were recorded on highly flammable nitrate film.
A fire destroyed much of Produksi Film Negara's warehouse in 1952.
Old films shot on nitrate were deliberately destroyed.
Karl G. Heider suggests that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost.
J.B. Kristanto's Katalog Film Indonesia records several films as having survived.
Several films are recorded as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives.
Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived.
Several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.