Foster - Payne House is a historic house at 25 Belmont Street in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
Foster - Payne House was built in 1878.
Foster - Payne House is a two-story multi-gabled house.
Foster - Payne House is distinguished by its clapboarded exterior woodwork.
Foster - Payne House has opulent parlors in the interior.
Foster - Payne House has a matching carriagehouse with a gable roof and cupola.
Theodore Waters Foster originally constructed and owned Foster - Payne House.
Theodore Waters Foster sold Foster - Payne House to George W. Payne in 1882.
Foster - Payne House is architecturally significant as a well-designed and well-preserved late 19th century suburban residence.
Foster - Payne House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
Theodore Waters Foster was born on May 19, 1847.
Theodore Waters Foster's parents are Chauncey Foster and Ophelia Remington.
Theodore Waters Foster was educated in Pawtucket.
Theodore Waters Foster joined the Rhode Island Cavalry in 1863.
Theodore Waters Foster served in the American Civil War under Nathaniel P. Banks.
Theodore Waters Foster served in the Red River Campaign.
Theodore Waters Foster formed a jewelry-manufacturing partnership with Walter E. White and Samuel H. Baily in 1873.
The partnership was named White, Foster & Company.
Walter E. White retired in 1878.
The company was renamed Foster & Bailey after Walter E. White retired.
Theodore Waters Foster constructed Foster - Payne House.
Theodore Waters Foster lived in Foster - Payne House for a period of four years.
Theodore Waters Foster commuted to his place of business in Providence, Rhode Island.
Theodore Waters Foster continued to be successful in his jewelry manufacturing business.
Theodore Clyde Foster succeeded Theodore Waters Foster upon Theodore Waters Foster's death in 1928.
George W. Payne is the owner of G. W. Payne & Company.
Foster - Payne House is a two-story home with a low-pitched multi-gabled roof.
Foster - Payne House has a single story open porch on the western side.
Foster - Payne House has a kitchen ell that projects from the rear.
Foster - Payne House has a single-story bay window that projects from the western bay of the front facade.
Foster - Payne House is distinguished by its clapboard exterior.
Foster - Payne House has wooden trim under the gable peaks.
Foster - Payne House has window trim.
Foster - Payne House has porch brackets.
Foster - Payne House uses three types of windows.
Foster - Payne House has single one-over-one windows.
Foster - Payne House has paired one-over-one windows.
Foster - Payne House has two-over-two windows.
The small foyer on the western entry porch leads to the main stairhall.
The main stairhall features a gently curving staircase with turned balusters and a curving rail.
The first floor rooms are arranged in an "L" pattern on the southern and eastern sides.
The kitchen is placed on the northern ell.
The interior of one room has been altered with a pressed tin ceiling.
The second floor of Foster - Payne House was not described in the NRHP nomination.
The interior of the rooms displays late Victorian details.
The front parlor has a carved marble mantlepiece.
The front parlor has a molded central ceiling medallion.
The front parlor has a painted ceiling with scroll-work.
The back parlor has a marbleized slate mantlepiece.
The back parlor has an over-mounted mirror in a Renaissance Revival frame.
On the back edge of the lot is a two-story clapboarded carriagehouse.
The carriagehouse has a Victorian cupola.
The structure of the carriagehouse was not described in the NRHP nomination.
A photo from 2013 shows the cupola has been damaged.
Foster - Payne House is architecturally significant with excellent interior detail.
Foster - Payne House has a matching carriagehouse.
The area in which Foster - Payne House is located was situated in an upper-class suburban area.
Commercial and industrial buildings have entered the area since the late 19th century.
The property was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.