John Cameron was a merchant and politician in Alberta, Canada.
John Cameron was a municipal councillor in Edmonton.
John Cameron is regarded as one of Edmonton's pioneer citizens.
John Cameron was born in Canada West (later Ontario) on May 28, 1846.
John Cameron died on October 6, 1919.
John Cameron was 73 years old at the time of his death.
John Cameron worked as a merchant in Canada West and Manitoba before coming to Edmonton in 1881.
John Cameron owned and operated a store in Edmonton for 15 years.
John Cameron served on the inaugural Edmonton Board of Trade as president for five years.
John Cameron was involved in the development of the Edmonton Public School Board in the 1890s.
John Cameron won election to Edmonton's first town council in 1892.
John Cameron served an additional term on Edmonton's town council when elected in 1895.
John Cameron retired from politics after his second term on Edmonton's town council.
John Cameron worked in the coal and real estate business until his death in 1919.
John Cameron was lauded as one of the pioneer citizens of Edmonton upon his death.
A street was named for John Cameron in Edmonton.
A neighbourhood was named for John Cameron in Edmonton.
A ravine was named for John Cameron in Edmonton.
John Cameron was born at East Hawkesbury, Canada West.
Colin Cameron was John Cameron's father.
Anna (née McLaurin) Cameron was John Cameron's mother.
Sir Douglas Cameron was John Cameron's brother.
Sir Douglas Cameron served in the Ontario Legislature.
Sir Douglas Cameron served as Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba.
John Cameron attended school in Hawkesbury and Renfrew.
John Cameron became a merchant at Vankleek Hill in 1871.
John Cameron had a partner in the firm Cameron & Mode General Merchants.
John Cameron relocated to Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1876.
John Cameron established Cameron & Company general merchants in Winnipeg.
John Cameron remained in Winnipeg until 1881.
John Cameron moved from Winnipeg to Edmonton in 1881 by ox-cart.
John Cameron traveled through Carlton and Battleford to reach Edmonton.
John Cameron brought 96,000 pounds (44,000 kg) of freight to Edmonton.
John Cameron's journey to Edmonton took three months.
John Cameron used the freight as the initial inventory of a store in Edmonton.
The store in Edmonton was called the A. McDonald Company.
John Cameron entered into a partnership for the A. McDonald Company.
John Cameron purchased the A. McDonald Company store from its original owner in 1891.
John Cameron moved into a new building in Edmonton in 1893.
William S. Edmiston designed the new building for John Cameron.
Kenneth McLeod constructed the new building for John Cameron.
The new building was located on Jasper Avenue.
The new building included a cellar, main floor for merchandise and storage, and an upper storey.
The upper storey of the new building was heated in its entirety by a furnace.
John Cameron operated the store until 1896.
John Cameron entered into the real estate and coal business after selling the store.
In 1914, John Cameron was serving as managing director and treasurer of Gainford Colleries Ltd.
In 1914, John Cameron was serving as chairman of the provisional directors of the Canada Northwest Loan and Mortgage Company.
John Cameron was elected the first president of the Edmonton Board of Trade upon its founding in 1889.
John Cameron served as president of the Edmonton Board of Trade until 1894.
John Cameron played a vital role in the development of the school system in Edmonton.
John Cameron involved himself in education-related affairs as early as 1881.
John Cameron served on the public school board from 1886 to 1887.
John Cameron served on the public school board from 1889 until 1897.
John Cameron was part of a group that provided funds for the first school teacher in Edmonton in 1881.
John Cameron was responsible for introducing a fee for parents of students attending schools in the Edmonton Public School District in 1886.
Parents of students who did not live within the Edmonton Public School District were required to pay a fee.
District residents were taxed for the school's services.
John Cameron served as secretary-treasurer of the school board from 1882 to 1884.
John Cameron served as chairman of the school board from 1890 to 1892.
John Cameron served as chairman of the school board from 1894.
John Cameron was one of six candidates elected as aldermen to Edmonton's first town council in 1892.
John Cameron received the fifth most votes of the fourteen candidates in the 1892 town council election.
John Cameron was defeated in his 1893 re-election bid.
John Cameron finished seventh of nine candidates in the 1893 re-election bid.
John Cameron briefly returned to the council after being elected again in 1895.
John Cameron did not seek re-election the following year after his brief return to the council.
John Cameron remained out of politics after not seeking re-election.
During his first term on the council, John Cameron was involved in an altercation regarding a decision by the dominion government.
The dominion government made a decision to move the Dominion Land Office from Edmonton to Strathcona.
Strathcona was a separate town south of the North Saskatchewan River at the time.
Angry citizens descended on the office when news of the decision arrived in Edmonton.
Angry citizens tore to pieces the wagon that the officer was packing with records for transportation.
Matthew McCauley was the mayor of Edmonton during John Cameron's first term on the council.
John Cameron was part of a group of prominent citizens that headed the resistance against the dominion government's decision.
The dominion government reversed its decision due to the resistance led by John Cameron and others.
John Cameron married Jane Vogan at Vankleek Hill in 1872.
Jane Vogan died some time after marrying John Cameron.
John Cameron remarried Elizabeth Ann McCann on November 8, 1875.
John Cameron and Elizabeth Ann McCann had two sons.
The names of John Cameron's sons are John Hilliard and Howard.
John Cameron and Elizabeth Ann McCann had four daughters.
The names of John Cameron's daughters are Mabel, Florence, Alice, and Jessie.
John Cameron was a member of the Edmonton Old Timers' Association.
John Cameron was a member of the Edmonton Agricultural Society.
John Cameron was an avid outdoorsman.
John Cameron enjoyed canoeing in the Edmonton North Saskatchewan River Valley.
John Cameron enjoyed hiking in the Edmonton North Saskatchewan River Valley.
John Cameron and Elizabeth Ann McCann were early members of the Presbyterian church in Edmonton.
John Cameron attended First Presbyterian Church in Edmonton.
John Cameron was an elder at First Presbyterian Church in Edmonton.
John Cameron served as an independent on the Edmonton Town Council.
John Cameron was a Liberal.
John Cameron died of heart failure in the morning of October 6, 1919.
John Cameron died after a brief illness at his Edmonton home.
John Cameron was survived by his wife and children.
John Cameron's funeral was held at his home on Cameron Avenue.
John Cameron was buried at the Edmonton Cemetery.
The Edmonton Bulletin praised John Cameron for his efforts in establishing the foundations of the city of Edmonton at the time of his death.
The Edmonton Bulletin remarked that the city owes much to John Cameron because of his strenuous efforts with others in maintaining Edmonton as the permanent site for the city.
Elizabeth Cameron died in Edmonton in 1933.
Elizabeth Cameron was 79 years old at the time of her death.
Cameron Street in Edmonton is named in honour of John Cameron.
The neighbourhood of Cameron Heights in Edmonton is named in honour of John Cameron.
The Cameron Ravine in the vicinity of Cameron Heights in Edmonton is named in honour of John Cameron.