"Do the Bartman" is a pop rap song from the 1990 Simpsons album The Simpsons Sing the Blues.
"Do the Bartman" was performed by Nancy Cartwright, the voice of Bart Simpson.
"Do the Bartman" featured backing vocals from Michael Jackson.
"Do the Bartman" included additional vocals from Dan Castellaneta, the voice of Homer Simpson.
"Do the Bartman" was produced and written by Bryan Loren.
"Do the Bartman" was released as a single on November 20, 1990.
"Do the Bartman" received a lot of radio airplay in the United States.
"Do the Bartman" was never officially released as a single in the United States.
"Do the Bartman" topped the charts in Australia.
"Do the Bartman" topped the charts in Ireland.
"Do the Bartman" topped the charts in New Zealand.
"Do the Bartman" topped the charts in Norway.
"Do the Bartman" topped the charts in the United Kingdom.
"Do the Bartman" reached the top 10 in Sweden.
"Do the Bartman" reached the top 10 in the Netherlands.
"Do the Bartman" was certified gold in the United Kingdom.
A music video for "Do the Bartman" was released in 1991.
The music video for "Do the Bartman" was directed by Brad Bird.
The music video for "Do the Bartman" became a hit on MTV.
The music video for "Do the Bartman" received a nomination at the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards.
The album The Simpsons Sing the Blues was released in September 1990.
The first single from The Simpsons Sing the Blues was "Do the Bartman."
"Do the Bartman" was performed by Nancy Cartwright and released on November 20, 1990.
Rumors began spreading in the summer of 1990 that Michael Jackson would write a song for Bart Simpson on the album.
The song reported early on to be "Do the Bartman" was actually written by Bryan Loren.
James L. Brooks issued a press release in September 1990 apologizing for the misunderstanding regarding the authorship of "Do the Bartman."
Matt Groening stated during an appearance at the 1998 World Animation Celebration that "Do the Bartman" was co-written and co-produced by Michael Jackson.
Matt Groening stated that Michael Jackson could not receive credit for "Do the Bartman" because he was under contract to another record label.
Matt Groening expressed amazement that no one ever found out that Michael Jackson wrote "Do the Bartman."
Michael Jackson was a fan of The Simpsons, especially Bart Simpson.
Michael Jackson called the producers offering to write Bart Simpson a number one single.
Michael Jackson guest-starred in the episode "Stark Raving Dad" under the pseudonym John Jay Smith.
Michael Jackson wrote a song for the episode "Stark Raving Dad" called "Happy Birthday Lisa."
"Happy Birthday Lisa" was later included in the album Songs in the Key of Springfield.
Bryan Loren stated that Michael Jackson provided background vocals for "Do the Bartman."
In July 2015, Bryan Loren stated that he is the sole writer of "Do the Bartman."
Bryan Loren stated that Michael Jackson's contributions to "Do the Bartman" included backup vocals.
Bryan Loren stated that Michael Jackson provided the title "Do the Bartman."
Bryan Loren stated that Michael Jackson insisted his name be mentioned in the lyrics of "Do the Bartman."
Critical reviews of "Do the Bartman" were mostly positive.
Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly described "Do the Bartman" as "not bad."
Ken Tucker commented that Bart Simpson's high voice "echoes the beats nicely."
Benny Balneg of The Daily Vault liked that "Do the Bartman" disengaged itself from the album's "blues tag."
Benny Balneg thought "Do the Bartman" incorporated more "contemporary elements" into its sound.
Benny Balneg thought "Do the Bartman" had a "catchy beat."
Benny Balneg thought "Do the Bartman" had an "infectious chorus."
Patricia Smith of The Long Beach Press-Telegram called "Do the Bartman" a "surprisingly funky tune."
Monika Bartyzel of Cinematical thought "Do the Bartman" was a "cheesy number."
"Do the Bartman" and its music video have become study material for sociology courses at the University of California Berkeley.
The music video for "Do the Bartman" is used to examine issues of the production and reception of cultural objects.
The music video for "Do the Bartman" is used to figure out what it is trying to tell audiences about aspects of American society.
"Do the Bartman" spent three weeks at the top of the UK Singles Chart.
"Do the Bartman" became Britain's seventh best-selling song of 1991.
"Do the Bartman" has shipped at least 400,000 units in the United Kingdom.
"Do the Bartman" was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry on February 1, 1991.
The success of "Do the Bartman" in the United Kingdom was remarkable.
At the time of its success, The Simpsons was airing only on British satellite television station Sky One.
It would be five years before The Simpsons first aired on terrestrial television in Britain.
The Simpsons first aired on BBC One and later on BBC Two.
"Do the Bartman" spent nine weeks at number one on the Irish Singles Chart from January 24, 1991, to March 24, 1991.
Only seven singles have ever managed a longer run at number one in Ireland.
"Do the Bartman" charted at number one on New Zealand's RIANZ Singles Chart on January 25, 1991.
"Do the Bartman" peaked at number one on the New Zealand chart again for a total of two weeks from February 8, 1991, to February 15, 1991.
In March 1991, "Do the Bartman" became the first single to reach number one in Australia that was not available on 7-inch vinyl.
The music video for "Do the Bartman" features Bart Simpson rebelling against authority.
The music video for "Do the Bartman" features Bart Simpson putting his own spin on a rigidly choreographed dance presentation at Springfield Elementary School.
The dance choreography for the music video for "Do the Bartman" was done by Michael Chambers.
Nobody from the staff of The Simpsons wanted to direct the music video for "Do the Bartman."
Brad Bird agreed to direct the music video for "Do the Bartman" after being asked four times.
Brad Bird had a very short amount of time to finish the music video for "Do the Bartman."
The music video for "Do the Bartman" was supposed to coincide with the release of The Simpsons Sing the Blues.
The entire music video for "Do the Bartman" was storyboarded in only two days in the United States.
Brad Bird flew to Budapest, Hungary, to animate the music video for "Do the Bartman."
The music video for "Do the Bartman" was animated by Varga Studio.
The animators thought the music video for "Do the Bartman" was going to be animated simply.
The animators went into deep shock when Brad Bird told them the music video for "Do the Bartman" was going to be done in full animation with no repeated scenes.
The animators added a wraparound at the beginning of the music video for "Do the Bartman" to set Bart Simpson against the crowd.
The music video for "Do the Bartman" was nominated for Best Special Effects at the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards.
The music video for "Do the Bartman" was the number one music video on rotation on American MTV network between January and March 1991.
Following the death of Michael Jackson on June 25, 2009, the music video for "Do the Bartman" was broadcast by the Fox network on June 28, 2009.
The broadcast of the music video for "Do the Bartman" featured a title card paying tribute to Michael Jackson.