Ash Crimson is a video game character in The King of Fighters fighting game series developed by SNK Playmore.
Ash Crimson first appeared in The King of Fighters 2003 as the leader of its Hero Team.
Ash Crimson is a teenager.
Ash Crimson participates in the series' fighting tournaments.
Ash Crimson employs a personal fighting style that involves pyrokinesis with green flames.
Ash Crimson's behavior is generally antagonistic.
Ash Crimson tries to steal powers from several recurring characters.
Ash Crimson leaves several recurring characters powerless.
Ash Crimson's identity and intentions are further explored in The King of Fighters XIII.
Ash Crimson has been featured in print adaptations based on The King of Fighters games.
Ash Crimson has been featured in a drama CD based on The King of Fighters games.
SNK Playmore staff created Ash Crimson as an evil main character.
Ash Crimson's moves have been reworked in every game in which he has appeared.
Ash Crimson gains new techniques as a result of his actions.
Ash Crimson's moves are modified to balance the character roster.
Critical response to Ash Crimson has been largely negative.
Ash Crimson's androgynous appearance has received negative criticism.
Ash Crimson's technique has received negative criticism.
UTV Ignition Entertainment noted that Ash Crimson was unpopular with Western gamers.
UTV Ignition Entertainment noted that Ash Crimson's design was better suited to Japanese fans.
Ash Crimson was introduced in The King of Fighters 2003.
Ash Crimson leads the New Hero Team of Duo Lon and Shen Woo.
The New Hero Team participates in a new King of Fighters tournament.
After the tournament, Ash Crimson ambushes host Chizuru Kagura.
Ash Crimson steals Chizuru Kagura's powers.
Ash Crimson tells Iori Yagami he will be his next opponent.
In The King of Fighters XI, Ash Crimson teams up with Oswald and Shen Woo.
At the end of The King of Fighters XI, Ash Crimson leaves his teammates to fight each other.
Ash Crimson discloses that Oswald's price for joining him was finding a drug.
Ash Crimson can only obtain the drug after defeating their pharmacist's enemy, Shen Woo.
Ash Crimson later finds a berserker named Iori.
Ash Crimson defeats Iori.
Ash Crimson steals Iori's powers.
Elisabeth Blanctorche accuses Ash Crimson of abandoning his original mission.
Elisabeth Blanctorche accuses Ash Crimson of becoming obsessed with power.
Ash Crimson leaves after saying that Kyo Kusanagi will be his next victim.
Ash Crimson appears as an available fighter in KOF: Maximum Impact 2 update KOF Maximum Impact Regulation A.
Ash Crimson appears in The King of Fighters XII.
The King of Fighters XII is a game without a storyline.
In The King of Fighters XIII, Ash Crimson is the only character not part of a team.
It is learned that Ash Crimson works for Those From the Past.
Ash Crimson has a conflict with organization leader Saiki at the end of The King of Fighters XIII.
Ash Crimson is the final boss in The King of Fighters XIII.
Ash Crimson is known as "Ash driven insane by the Spiral of Blood."
Ash Crimson is also known as Evil Ash.
Ash Crimson has power stolen from Saiki.
Saiki is trying to possess Ash Crimson.
Ash Crimson ultimately sacrifices himself to destroy Saiki.
Ash Crimson has made appearances in various other King of Fighters media.
In the fourth chapter of the anime The King of Fighters: Another Day, Ash Crimson sets fire to a city.
Ash Crimson sets fire to a city to lure Kyo into a trap.
Ash Crimson is prominent in the manhua adaptations of The King of Fighters 2003 by Wing Yang and King Tung.
In the 2003 tournament, Ash Crimson's team is defeated in the final.
Ash Crimson later helps defeat the demon Mukai.
Ash Crimson is not part of the recurring tournament in The King of Fighters XII manhua.
Ash Crimson briefly confronts Kyo in an attempt to steal Kyo's powers.
Ash Crimson appears in the CD drama KOF: Mid Summer Struggle.
KOF: Mid Summer Struggle has a mock King of Fighters tournament.
Ash Crimson appears in a dating sim that is part of the Days of Memories series.
Ash Crimson was designed as an "attractive evil character."
Ash Crimson was designed in contrast to previous King of Fighters heroes.
The supervising designer created Ash Crimson as desired.
Few changes have been made to Ash Crimson since conception.
When The King of Fighters 2003 was released, the staff did not want to disclose information about Ash Crimson.
The staff told fans to look forward to Ash Crimson's "exploits."
Ash Crimson's canonical height is 178 cm (5' 10").
Ash Crimson weighs 59 kg (130 lbs).
According to staff member Falcoon, the goal was to make Ash Crimson an ambiguous protagonist.
The goal was to make players "feel bad" for cheering for Ash Crimson.
Falcoon did not design Ash Crimson.
Falcoon added details while illustrating Ash Crimson.
Due to Ash Crimson's late appearance in The King of Fighters 2003, the staff joked that teammate Shen Woo seemed more like the series' main character than Ash Crimson did.
For The King of Fighters XIII, producer Kei Yamamoto wanted gamers who had played previous titles with Ash Crimson to consider the character's motivation.
Producer Kei Yamamoto wanted gamers to consider whether they could relate to Ash Crimson.
One of three reasons for the title of KOF: Maximum Impact 2 Regulation "A" was Ash Crimson's introduction to the spin-off series.
Falcoon called Ash Crimson "really wild" because of his role in the series and his personality.
Nona said that of the original King of Fighters characters, he liked Ash Crimson.
Nona looked forward to Ash Crimson's development.
In The King of Fighters XII, Ash Crimson was the character the staff worked on the most.
The staff reworked Ash Crimson's movements and speech to be more consistent with the rest of the cast.
Producer Kei Yamamoto jokingly called Ash Crimson a character players could use to "show off."
Ash Crimson's EX version in the game makes more multiple hits than his regular form.
The "disgusting" style of Ash Crimson's "Genie" move is said to fit his character.
Since his introduction, Ash Crimson has acquired new moves in accordance with his actions in the series.
After The King of Fighters 2003, Ash Crimson gained Chizuru Kagura's "Germinar."
"Germinar" is a move allowing Ash Crimson to steal his opponents' special moves.
After defeating Iori Yagami, Ash Crimson acquired the "Fructidor" Neo Max move.
"Fructidor" is Ash Crimson's strongest attack in The King of Fighters XIII.
During the game's development, the staff considered returning Fructidor's animation style to an earlier version they had tested.
Ash Crimson's character had a mixed reception in video game publications.
When Ash Crimson was introduced, GameSpy's Christian Nutt called him a "clone" of Guile from the Street Fighter series.
Ash Crimson's team was praised as new characters with new elements in the series.
Lucas M. Thomas of IGN wrote that a major fan complaint was Ash Crimson's strength in the games.
Ash Crimson's strength made him one of the strongest opponents despite an apparent lack of effort.
According to Lucas M. Thomas, Ash Crimson is "nothing if not strange."
Lucas M. Thomas lamented Ash Crimson's many appearances in the KOF 2003 manhua compared with more popular characters.
When playable characters for the arcade version of The King of Fighters XIII were introduced, Anime News Network's Todd Ciolek speculated about Ash Crimson's lack of teammates.
Todd Ciolek wondered if Ash Crimson was alone because "no one likes Ash now."
Marissa Meli of UGO Networks ranked Ash Crimson sixteenth on a list of "The Most Androgynous Video Game Characters."
Marissa Meli jokingly attributed Ash Crimson's androgynous appearance to a desire by Japanese designers to confuse Western gamers about their sexuality.
Dan Howdle of Now Gamer referred to Ash Crimson's voice as one of "Gaming's Top 10 Deepest Voices."
Dan Howdle referred to Ash Crimson as a female character.
Writers for Game Informer joked about their surprise at the discovery that Ash Crimson is a male character.
After UTV Ignition Entertainment polled fans to choose an artbox for console versions of The King of Fighters XII, the company announced that Ash Crimson's unpopularity reduced the number of potential covers to two.
The two potential covers featured Kyo and Iori.
In an interview with Ignition Entertainment director of business development Shane Bettehausen, Alex Lucard of Diehard GameFan said that North American SNK fans detested Ash Crimson.
North American SNK fans complained about Ash Crimson's inclusion in The King of Fighters XII without a storyline.
North American SNK fans complained that popular series characters were overlooked.
Shane Bettehausen defended Ash Crimson, calling him "nuanced and improved."
Shane Bettehausen called Ash Crimson's moves "incredibly effective."
In June 2009, Stephen Totilo of Kotaku interviewed Shane Bettehausen.
During the interview, Shane Bettehausen asked Stephen Totilo to guess Ash Crimson's gender.
When Stephen Totilo said Ash Crimson was female, Shane Bettehausen called KOF "progressive."
Shane Bettehausen said that KOF was progressive in introducing a cross-dressing character.
Shane Bettehausen said that fans were apparently "warming up to him."
Jonathan Holmes of Destructoid praised Ash Crimson's character as "defying traditional gender roles while kicking some ass."
Jonathan Holmes called Ash Crimson "the perfect mascot for the KoF series as a whole."
Merchandising related to Ash Crimson's appearance has also been released.