Crime and Dissonance is a 2005 compilation album of Italian composer Ennio Morricone's film score work.
Crime and Dissonance was intended as a follow-up to two earlier Morricone compilations assembled by Dagored.
The album was put together by Alan Bishop.
Crime and Dissonance was released by Ipecac Recordings.
Crime and Dissonance features work ranging from the later 1960s to the early 1980s.
Crime and Dissonance contains scores taken from films of several different genres.
The collection focuses on Morricone's lesser-known soundtrack work.
Mike Patton, the founder of Ipecac, consciously wished to distance Crime and Dissonance from similar compilations.
Crime and Dissonance was released on October 18, 2005.
Crime and Dissonance has been met with favorable reviews by critics.
The album has attracted comments on Morricone's experimental and innovative compositional style.
Morricone is known for his spare-sounding westerns.
Crime and Dissonance was conceived as a follow-up to Dagored releases Morricone 2000 and Morricone 2001.
Dagored abandoned the project of Crime and Dissonance.
Mike Patton of Ipecac Recordings decided to release Crime and Dissonance instead.
Morricone had no input in the project of Crime and Dissonance.
The track listing of Crime and Dissonance was assembled by Alan Bishop.
Alan Bishop had previously assembled the Morricone 2000 and Morricone 2001 collections.
All three compilations cover a roughly coterminous time period.
The time period of the compilations spans the late 1960s to the early 1980s.
The compilations concentrate primarily on the early 1970s.
Alan Bishop was given a list of films whose scores were available to use in the collection.
Alan Bishop set about compiling the two-disc set from the list of films.
The final song on the album, an eleven-minute section from the soundtrack to Un uomo da rispettare, was not included in the list of available material.
The project of Crime and Dissonance was delayed for some time.
Alan Bishop waited for record label Sugar Music to license the song.
Mike Patton has described his admiration for Morricone's writing.
Mike Patton feels that Morricone turned "what could be banal, surface-style pop into really deep, orchestrated, tense and compelling music."
Mike Patton considers Morricone to be one of his favorite composers.
Mike Patton wanted the compilation to serve as a fitting tribute to Morricone.
Mike Patton felt it was "imperative" for Crime and Dissonance to focus on Morricone's lesser-known work.
Crime and Dissonance had to compete with a large back catalogue of similar compilations.
Mike Patton and Alan Bishop focused on Morricone's more experimental work.
Mike Patton has compared Morricone's more experimental work to the music of Brazilian tropicália group Os Mutantes.
Mike Patton has praised Alan Bishop's work on the project.
Mike Patton called Alan Bishop "a big Morricone scholar."
Mike Patton has described Crime and Dissonance as one of the Ipecac releases he is most proud of.
Crime and Dissonance features liner notes written by composer John Zorn.
John Zorn had previously reinterpreted Morricone's work on the album The Big Gundown.
The album's title reflects the range of genres covered by the films whose scores have been included.
The collection gathers music from "horror, suspense, mafia, and period movies."
The collection includes several pieces taken from Dario Argento's giallo film L'ucello dalle piume di cristallo.
The album itself only lists the titles of the films.
The album omits the context in which the music was originally presented.
The album leaves the compositions to "speak for themselves."
All songs on Crime and Dissonance were written and composed by Ennio Morricone.
The song "Memento" was co-written by Morricone and Walter Bianchi.
The song "Il Buio" was co-written by Morricone and Bruno Nicolai.
Crime and Dissonance was released on October 18, 2005, through the Ipecac Recordings label.
Crime and Dissonance had previously been scheduled for release on September 6 of the same year.
The album has garnered mostly positive reviews from critics.
Thom Jurek rated the collection four-and-a-half stars out of five for Allrovi.
Thom Jurek called Crime and Dissonance "essential Morricone."
Thom Jurek felt that the album served to present "a much wider view of Morricone not only as a composer, but as a sonic experimentalist."
Joe Tangari of Pitchfork Media awarded the album a score of eight out of ten.
Joe Tangari described Crime and Dissonance as "a minor revelation."
Joe Tangari felt that the collection represented Morricone's most innovative period of work.
Joe Tangari praised Alan Bishop's compilation for its cohesion and flow.
Joshua Klein of The Washington Post described the album as featuring "bizarre soundscapes, discordant drones, proto-sampledelica, weird instruments, strange sounds and oddball voices."
Joshua Klein felt that the collection portrayed Morricone as a groundbreaking and confident composer.
Joshua Klein noted that Morricone eschewed his trademark spare-sounding scores to freely experiment.
Andy Battaglia of The A.V. Club rated the compilation an A−.
Andy Battaglia noted the dissimilarity of Crime and Dissonance to Morricone's more well-known work.
Andy Battaglia complimented the arrangement of the tracks in Crime and Dissonance.
Andy Battaglia felt that the tracks in Crime and Dissonance flowed into one another well.
Andy Battaglia noted the range of genres represented in Crime and Dissonance.
Danny Fasold of The Roanoke Times commented on the wide variety of styles the collection contains.
Danny Fasold added that the collection proves "Morricone always delivered something interesting."
Cameron Macdonald of Stylus Magazine rated the album an A−.
Cameron Macdonald found that the "kitsch" mass-market appeal of Morricone's better-known western scores made Crime and Dissonance a more "relevant" record.
Cameron Macdonald felt that the album's second disc was the weaker of the two.
Cameron Macdonald found that the "slapstick" nature of some pieces on the second disc seemed out of place.
Dave Gurney of Tiny Mix Tapes rated Crime and Dissonance three-and-a-half out of five.
Dave Gurney called Crime and Dissonance "a group of Morricone's most uncompromising works."
Dave Gurney questioned the target audience of the collection.
Dave Gurney believed that the collection would not likely appeal to casual listeners.
Dave Gurney believed that the collection did not present much new material for dedicated Morricone collectors.
An anonymous review for The Stranger described the album as proof that "there's much more to the maestro than his revered spaghetti-western work for Sergio Leone."
The anonymous review highlighted the range of genres present in the collection.
The anonymous review called the end result of the collection a "deluge of otherworldly, endlessly fascinating sounds."