"Treehouse of Horror III" is the fifth episode of The Simpsons' fourth season.
"Treehouse of Horror III" originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 29, 1992.
Homer buys Bart an evil talking Krusty doll in "Treehouse of Horror III."
King Homer is captured by Mr. Burns in "Treehouse of Horror III."
Bart and Lisa inadvertently cause zombies to attack Springfield in "Treehouse of Horror III."
The episode was written by Al Jean, Mike Reiss, Jay Kogen, Wallace Wolodarsky, Sam Simon, and Jon Vitti.
Carlos Baeza directed "Treehouse of Horror III."
The Simpsons are having a Halloween party for the children of Springfield.
Lisa tells a horror story at the Halloween party.
Grampa tells a horror story at the Halloween party.
Bart tells a horror story at the Halloween party.
Homer realizes that he forgot to buy Bart a present for Bart's birthday.
Homer rushes to the House of Evil.
Homer purchases a talking Krusty the Clown doll at the House of Evil.
The shopkeeper warns Homer that the doll is cursed.
Homer dismisses the shopkeeper's concerns.
Homer gives Bart the doll at the party.
Grandpa exclaims that the doll is evil.
Grandpa admits that he is just saying the doll is evil to get attention.
Homer is playing with the doll when the doll starts saying that it is going to kill Homer.
Homer dismisses the doll's threat until the doll threatens to stab him.
The doll makes numerous attempts on Homer's life.
Homer captures the evil Krusty doll.
Homer locks the evil Krusty doll in a suitcase.
Homer drops the suitcase in a "Bottomless Pit."
Homer is ambushed by the escaped doll when he returns home.
The doll tackles Homer into the kitchen.
The doll tries to drown Homer in Santa's Little Helper's dog bowl.
Marge calls the consumer service hotline.
A repairman arrives and discovers that the doll has been set to "Evil" mode.
The repairman flips the switch to "Good."
The Krusty doll becomes friends with Homer after the switch is flipped.
A few hours later, the Krusty doll is working as Homer's slave.
The Krusty doll returns to his girlfriend, a Malibu Stacy doll, in Lisa's dollhouse.
Marge joins Mr. Burns and Smithers on an expedition to Ape Island.
Marge, Mr. Burns, and Smithers are searching for the legendary King Homer on Ape Island.
Mr. Burns, Smithers, and Marge stealthily approach a native tribe.
Marge's hair protrudes over the bushes, causing the villagers to spot them.
The villagers agree that "The blue-haired woman would make a good sacrifice."
The villagers tie Marge to a post as an offering.
The sound of drums summons King Homer.
Marge is initially terrified of King Homer.
Marge sees the friendly side of King Homer when he is attracted to Marge's perfume.
Marge and King Homer form a friendship.
Mr. Burns is determined to capture King Homer.
Smithers knocks King Homer unconscious with a gas bomb.
The group returns to New York after capturing King Homer.
The group displays King Homer at the Broadway theatre.
The photographers' flashes enrage King Homer.
King Homer breaks free from his restraints.
King Homer abducts Marge.
King Homer attempts to climb the Empire State Building.
King Homer is unable to get past the second story of the Empire State Building.
King Homer collapses in exhaustion.
King Homer and Marge get married in the end.
The story ends with the wedding of King Homer and Marge.
Bart finds a book of black magic in the Springfield Elementary library.
Bart gets attached to the book of black magic.
Lisa reminisces about the family's dead cat, Snowball I, that night.
Bart suggests that he could use the book to resurrect Snowball I.
Bart and Lisa go to the Springfield pet cemetery.
Bart utters an incantation from the book at the pet cemetery.
Bart accidentally reanimates corpses from the nearby human cemetery instead of resurrecting Snowball I.
The zombies terrorize Springfield.
The zombies turn many people into zombies.
The Simpson family barricades all the doors and windows except for the back door.
Homer forgets to barricade the back door.
Several zombies break into the house.
Homer sacrifices himself to give the others time to escape.
The zombies leave Homer when they realize he does not have enough brains for them to eat.
Lisa realizes that the school library must have a book that can reverse the spell.
The Simpsons arrive at the Springfield Elementary library.
Bart casts the appropriate counter spell in the library.
The counter spell causes all zombies to return to their graves.
The episode originally encountered trouble when the color version came back from Korea.
The writers made almost 100 line changes with only six weeks to the airdate.
It was decided to completely overhaul the episode after a poorly received screening with the writing staff.
The tombstones that appeared at the start of and during the episode were abandoned in later episodes.
It became increasingly difficult to think of ideas for tombstones in later episodes.
A subtle tombstone joke appears in this episode.
Two zombies are crawling out of their graves in a scene.
The names Jay Kogen and Wolodarsky are written on the tombstones.
The names Jay Kogen and Wolodarsky are misspelled on the tombstones.
The "King Homer" segment is one of Matt Groening's all-time favorite stories from the Treehouse of Horror series.
Al Jean was worried about the "King Homer" segment.
The "King Homer" segment was the longest running black-and-white segment they had ever aired.
Al Jean thought that some people might be concerned that their televisions were broken.
The line "He (Flanders) was a zombie?" was created by Mike Reiss.
The writers believe that the line "He (Flanders) was a zombie?" is one of the all-time classic lines from the series.
The opening sequence where Homer walks into Alfred Hitchcock's silhouette is a parody of Alfred Hitchcock Presents.
The opening sequence was meant to show Homer's stomach bigger than that of the outline.
Not many people realized the joke in the opening sequence.
Bart is dressed as Alex from the film A Clockwork Orange in the episode's wraparounds.
The "Clown Without Pity" segment is based on the Twilight Zone episode "Living Doll."
The "Clown Without Pity" segment is based on the film Trilogy of Terror.
The title "Clown Without Pity" is a play on the song "Town Without Pity" by Gene Pitney.
The man that gives Homer the Krusty doll is based on Mr. Wing from the film Gremlins.
The Krusty doll riding under Homer's car is a reference to the 1991 film Cape Fear.
The "King Homer" segment is a parody of the 1933 film King Kong.
In "King Homer," the tribal leader is heard saying "Mosi Tatupu, Mosi Tatupu."
"Mosi Tatupu, Mosi Tatupu" means they will sacrifice the blue-haired lady.
The title "Dial 'Z' for Zombies" is a play on the title of the 1954 Hitchcock film Dial M for Murder.
Some aspects of "Dial 'Z' for Zombies" are from the film Night of the Living Dead.
In the pet cemetery, there are tombstones that read Fish Police, Capitol Critters, and Family Dog.
Fish Police, Capitol Critters, and Family Dog are each short-lived animated series intended to capitalize on The Simpsons' success.
Bart wears Michael Jackson's record album cover Thriller on his head when raising the dead from their graves.
Bart's wearing of Michael Jackson's record album cover Thriller is a reference to Jackson's famous music video.
In Jackson's famous music video, he dances with zombies.
"Treehouse of Horror III" finished 20th in ratings for the week of October 26 – November 1, 1992.
"Treehouse of Horror III" had a Nielsen rating of 14.7.
A Nielsen rating of 14.7 is equivalent to approximately 13.7 million viewing households.
"Treehouse of Horror III" was the highest-rated show on the Fox network that week.
"Treehouse of Horror III" beat In Living Color in ratings.
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood thoroughly enjoyed "Treehouse of Horror III."
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood described "Treehouse of Horror III" as "Another seasonal treat."
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood found "Dial Z for Zombies" particularly impressive.
In 2006, IGN voted "Dial Z For Zombies" as the second best segment of the Treehouse of Horror episodes.
"Clown Without Pity" was rated sixth by IGN.
In the film 28 Days Later, Sgt. Ferrell mentions that his favorite joke from The Simpsons was the line "Women and seamen (semen) don't mix."
The line "Women and seamen (semen) don't mix" was said by Smithers during the "King Homer" segment.
The episode's reference to Night of the Living Dead was named the 16th greatest film reference in the history of The Simpsons by Total Film's Nathan Ditum.