The 34th Boat Race took place on 24 March 1877.
The Boat Race is an annual side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames.
The race ended in a dead heat.
The dead heat was the first and only time the event has ended in such a fashion.
Oxford believed that Oxford were the victors despite the formal declaration of a tie.
The controversy surrounding the result led to significant changes to the way in which the race was conducted.
The changes included the introduction of finishing posts.
The changes included the appointment of former Blues as umpires.
The Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing competition between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
The University of Oxford is sometimes referred to as the "Dark Blues."
The University of Cambridge is sometimes referred to as the "Light Blues."
The race was first held in 1829.
Since 1845, the race has taken place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London.
The rivalry is a major point of honour between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
The Boat Race is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
As of 2014, the Boat Race is broadcast worldwide.
Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions.
Cambridge had beaten Oxford easily in the previous year's race.
Oxford held the overall lead with 17 victories.
Cambridge had 16 victories.
Oxford was coached by Reverend William Sherwood.
Reverend William Sherwood rowed for Oxford in the 1873 and 1874 races.
Oxford was also coached by Edmund Warre.
Edmund Warre represented the Dark Blues in the 1857 and 1858 races.
Cambridge's coach was James Brooks Close.
James Brooks Close rowed for the Light Blues in the 1872, 1873, and 1874 races.
Cambridge had practised at Putney a fortnight before the race.
Cambridge were initially the bookmaker's clear favourites.
Oxford's practice rows a week later impressed.
Oxford's practice rows brought them back into contention.
The race was umpired by Joseph William Chitty.
Joseph William Chitty had rowed for Oxford twice in 1849.
Joseph William Chitty had rowed for Oxford in the 1852 race.
The starter of the race was Edward Searle.
Joseph William Chitty was assisted by "Honest" John Phelps.
John Phelps acted as the finishing judge.
John Phelps was over 70 years old.
John Phelps was reportedly blind in one eye.
The Oxford crew weighed an average of 12 st 3.875 lb (77.8 kg).
The Oxford crew weighed 4.125 pounds (1.9 kg) more than the Cambridge crew.
The Cambridge crew featured seven former Blues.
The cox of the Cambridge crew was George Latham Davies.
George Latham Davies was participating in his third Boat Race.
The number four of the Cambridge crew was William Brooks Close.
William Brooks Close was participating in his third Boat Race.
Oxford saw four Blues return.
The four Blues who returned for Oxford were J. M. Boustead, Tom Cottingham Edwards-Moss, H. J. Stayner, and H. P. Marriott.
J. M. Boustead had rowed in the previous two races.
Tom Cottingham Edwards-Moss had rowed in the previous two races.
H. J. Stayner had rowed in the previous two races.
H. P. Marriott had rowed in the previous two races.
The race started on Saturday, 24 March 1877, at 8:27 a.m.
Oxford had won the toss.
Oxford elected to start from the Middlesex station.
Oxford handed the Surrey side of the river to Cambridge.
The Dark Blues took an early lead.
The Dark Blues were ahead at the Mile Post.
By the Crab Tree pub, the crews were level.
Cambridge pulled ahead.
Cambridge held a quarter-of-a-length lead by Hammersmith Bridge.
Cambridge extended their lead until the crews arrived at Chiswick Reach.
Oxford re-took the lead at Chiswick Reach.
At Chiswick Steps, the Dark Blues were leading by half-a-length.
By Barnes Bridge, the Dark Blues were clear.
Cowles, the Oxford bowman, suffered serious damage to his oar.
The damage to Cowles' oar nullified further contribution to the race.
An Oxford undergraduate described that Oxford staggered and stood still in a mass of foam.
The bow-oar, Cowles, had struck the top of a big wave in feathering.
Cowles broke his blade clean off.
Almost immediately, Cambridge took the advantage.
Cambridge was held off by a determined Oxford crew.
The Oxford crew spurted magnificently.
The Oxford crew drew up steadily inch by inch.
It was a near thing as Oxford passed the post.
The Official Centenary History noted that it is perhaps too much to expect a unanimous acquiescence in a verdict of "dead heat."
No conclusion could be more unsatisfactory to the competitors themselves.
Oxford firmly believed that Oxford had won the race by feet.
Following a subsequent meeting in a law court, the official result was declared as "Dead Heat."
Punch declared that "Oxford won, Cambridge too."
W. W. Rouse Ball was a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.
W. W. Rouse Ball wrote in A History of The First Trinity Boat Club.
W. W. Rouse Ball suggested that the broken oar was the deciding factor.
W. W. Rouse Ball stated that but for the broken oar, Oxford would have won.
A correspondent writing in The Sydney Mail said both teams should consider themselves lucky that they did not lose.
The correspondent speculated that the race would be looked back as "the great gooseberry" year.
This was the last year that the result was judged by a professional waterman.
The controversy resulted in the introduction of the finishing posts.
The finishing posts remain, as of 2014, 113 metres (371 ft) downstream of Chiswick Bridge.
The finishing posts are engraved with "UBR" for University Boat Race.
The controversy led to the selection of a former Blue as the umpire.
The umpire is selected by one university from a shortlist drawn up from the other.
The selection of the umpire alternates each year.
Phelps was replaced as finishing judge by E. H. Fairre.
Phelps died on 5 December 1890.
Richard Phelps is the great-great-great-great-nephew of John Phelps.
Richard Phelps umpired the 2014 race.
The 2014 race also ended controversially.
Cambridge lost five strokes after a clash of oars in the 2014 race.
Oxford won by 11 lengths in the 2014 race.
The 11 lengths was the biggest margin for more than 40 years.
Phelps declined an appeal from the Light Blues for a re-row.