"Gotta Be You" is a song by the English-Irish boy band One Direction.
One Direction released "Gotta Be You" from their debut studio album, Up All Night, in 2011.
August Rigo and Steve Mac wrote "Gotta Be You."
Steve Mac produced "Gotta Be You."
Syco Music released "Gotta Be You" in the United Kingdom in November 2011.
"Gotta Be You" was the second single from the album Up All Night.
The track "Gotta Be You" is a mid-tempo pop rock ballad.
The orchestral arrangement characterizes "Gotta Be You."
The lyrical content of "Gotta Be You" is characterized by love sentiments.
"Gotta Be You" peaked at number three in the United Kingdom.
"Gotta Be You" marked One Direction's second top ten appearance in the United Kingdom.
"Gotta Be You" peaked at number 24 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart in the United States.
John Urbano directed the music video for "Gotta Be You."
The music video for "Gotta Be You" depicts One Direction spending time on the banks of Lake Placid, New York.
One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" on televised programs.
One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" during their Up All Night Tour from 2011 to 2012.
One Direction finished third in the seventh series of The X Factor in 2010.
One Direction was signed to Syco Music after finishing third in The X Factor.
One Direction premiered "Gotta Be You" on BBC Radio 1 on 19 October 2011.
"What's Makes You Beautiful" topped the UK Singles Chart in September 2011.
Zayn Malik characterized "Gotta Be You" as "a bit more emotive" than "What's Makes You Beautiful."
Syco Music released "Gotta Be You" via digital download in Ireland on 11 November 2011.
Syco Music released "Gotta Be You" via digital download in the United Kingdom on 13 November 2011.
The digital download of "Gotta Be You" contains the principal recording.
The digital download of "Gotta Be You" contains its B-side, "Another World."
The digital download of "Gotta Be You" contains two remixes of the song itself.
"One Direction's vocal range in 'Gotta Be You' spans from the note of Eb4 to Eb6."
"Gotta Be You" is written in the key of Ab major.
"Gotta Be You" is set in common time at a moderate tempo of 85 beats per minute.
The instrumentation of "Gotta Be You" includes a guitar.
The instrumentation of "Gotta Be You" includes piano lines.
The instrumentation of "Gotta Be You" includes abundant strings.
The chorus of "Gotta Be You" opens with falsettos.
The chorus of "Gotta Be You" is followed by vocal harmonies.
The lyrical content of "Gotta Be You" prominently revolves around the main declaration, "It's gotta be you, only you."
Brian Mansfield from USA Today appreciated the lyrical content of "Gotta Be You."
Zachary Houle from PopMatters favored the instrumentation of "Gotta Be You."
Jason Lipshutz from Billboard commended the vocal elements in the refrain of "Gotta Be You."
Jason Lipshutz from Billboard commended the "smooth" lyricism of "Gotta Be You."
Robert Copsey for Digital Spy opined that the memorable refrain of "Gotta Be You" is its strongest attribute.
Robert Copsey rated "Gotta Be You" four out of five stars.
Matthew Horton of Virgin Media classified "Gotta Be You" as one of the record's "superior tracks."
Matthew Horton credited "Gotta Be You" with keeping the album's "pecker up."
Sarah Kwong from Cosmopolitan lauded the lyrics of "Gotta Be You."
Sarah Kwong from Cosmopolitan lauded the instrumentation of "Gotta Be You."
Sarah Kwong noted that "Gotta Be You" appeals to a more mature audience compared to "What's Makes You Beautiful."
Matthew Chisling for Allmusic described "Gotta Be You" as "a bit tepid."
"Gotta Be You" debuted and peaked at number three on the Irish Singles Chart in the week ending 17 November 2011.
"Gotta Be You" marked One Direction's second top five appearance in Ireland.
"Gotta Be You" sold 59,461 copies in its first week in the United Kingdom.
"Gotta Be You" reached number one on the mid-week chart update in the United Kingdom.
"Gotta Be You" entered the UK Singles Chart dated 20 November 2011 at number three.
"Gotta Be You" entered the UK Singles Chart behind Rihanna's "We Found Love."
"Gotta Be You" entered the UK Singles Chart behind Flo Rida's "Good Feeling."
"Gotta Be You" was One Direction's third best-selling track in the UK by August 2012.
"Gotta Be You" did not enter the US Billboard Hot 100.
"Gotta Be You" peaked at number 24 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart in the week of 28 April 2012.
The music video for "Gotta Be You" premiered on 8 November 2011 on YouTube.
The music video for "Gotta Be You" predominantly depicts One Direction spending time on the banks of Lake Placid.
As of February 2016, the music video for "Gotta Be You" has garnered more than 180 million Vevo views.
In the music video for "Gotta Be You," One Direction meets girls in a camping spot in a forest.
In the music video for "Gotta Be You," One Direction watches fireworks as Zayn Malik walks towards his significant other.
In the music video for "Gotta Be You," Zayn Malik kisses his significant other.
The music video for "Gotta Be You" attracted positive commentary from fans of One Direction.
One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" for the first time on The X Factor UK on 13 November 2012.
One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" to open the BBC's Children in Need 2011 telethon on 19 November 2012.
One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" at Capital FM's Jingle Bell Ball on 4 December 2011.
One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" at The O2 Arena.
One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" during their first headlining concert tour, the Up All Night Tour.
"Gotta Be You" was performed as the sixth song on the set list during the Up All Night Tour.
"Gotta Be You" was performed in the second segment of the show’s synopsis during the Up All Night Tour.