Mauritania competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
The 2012 Summer Olympics were held from 27 July to 12 August 2012.
Mauritania's participation in London marked its eighth appearance in the Summer Olympics.
Mauritania debuted in the Summer Olympics in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
The delegation from Mauritania included two track and field athletes.
The two athletes from Mauritania were Jidou El Moctar and Aicha Fall.
Jidou El Moctar and Aicha Fall were selected to the team by wildcard places.
Mauritania had no athletes that met either the "A" or "B" qualifying standards.
Jidou El Moctar was selected as flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
A LOCOG Games Maker carried the flag for the closing ceremony.
Neither Jidou El Moctar nor Aicha Fall progressed beyond the heats.
Mauritania participated in eight Summer Olympic Games between 1984 and 2012.
The Mauritania National Olympic Committee selected two athletes via wildcards.
An NOC usually can enter up to three qualified athletes in each individual event.
An NOC can enter one athlete per event if the athlete meets the "B" standard.
Mauritania was allowed to select two athletes as wildcards.
The two selected athletes were one male and one female.
Jidou El Moctar competed in the Men's 200 meters.
Aicha Fall competed in the Women's 800 meters.
Jidou El Moctar was notable for carrying the Mauritania flag at the opening ceremony.
Jidou El Moctar qualified for the Summer Olympics via a wildcard.
Jidou El Moctar's best time was 23.16 seconds.
Jidou El Moctar's best time was 2.51 seconds slower than the "B" qualifying standard.
Jidou El Moctar competed on 7 August in Heat 1.
Jidou El Moctar competed against seven other athletes.
Jidou El Moctar ran a time of 22.94 seconds.
Jidou El Moctar finished last in his heat.
Jidou El Moctar achieved a personal best time.
Vyacheslav Muravyev ranked ahead of Jidou El Moctar with a time of 21.75 seconds.
Usain Bolt led the heat with a time of 20.39 seconds.
Overall, Jidou El Moctar ranked 53rd out of 55 athletes.
Jidou El Moctar was 2.31 seconds behind the slowest athlete that progressed to the semi-finals.
That was the end of Jidou El Moctar's competition.
Aicha Fall qualified for the London Games as a wildcard.
Aicha Fall had set no time for her event, the 800 meters.
Aicha Fall was to compete in the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics 800 meters.
Aicha Fall did not start the event at the 2012 World Junior Championships.
Aicha Fall competed on August 8 in Heat 5.
Aicha Fall competed against seven other athletes.
Aicha Fall posted a time of 2 minutes and 27.97 seconds.
Aicha Fall finished sixth in her heat.
Aicha Fall set a national record in the process.
Aicha Fall placed ahead of Woroud Sawalha, who had a time of 2 minutes and 29.16 seconds.
Aicha Fall placed behind Melissa Bishop, who had a time of 2 minutes and 09.33 seconds.
Nataliia Lupu led the heat with a time of 2 minutes and 8.35 seconds.
Overall, Aicha Fall was 24.12 seconds behind the slowest athlete that progressed to the semi-finals.
Aicha Fall did not advance in her competition.