"Ways and Means" is the 47th episode of The West Wing.
"Ways and Means" is the 3rd episode of the third season of The West Wing.
"Ways and Means" originally aired on NBC on October 24, 2001.
The episode sees the beginnings of President Josiah Bartlet's Congressional hearings.
The episode includes negotiations over the estate tax.
Aaron Sorkin, Eli Attie, and Gene Sperling wrote the episode.
Alex Graves directed the episode.
Mark Feuerstein makes his first appearance as Clifford "Cliff" Calley in the episode.
Thom Barry makes a guest appearance in the episode.
Nicholas Pryor makes a guest appearance in the episode.
Miguel Sandoval makes a guest appearance in the episode.
The subpoenas are handed out in the hearing over President Bartlet's concealment of his multiple sclerosis.
Clement Rollins appears to be both fair and responsible.
C.J. Cregg believes the White House will be better served in the public eye if investigated by a partisan agent.
C.J. Cregg decides to present Clement Rollins as an ally of the administration.
C.J. Cregg's decision forces Congress to take control over the investigation.
Donna Moss unwittingly becomes entangled in potential problems over the hearings.
Ainsley Hayes sets Donna Moss up on a date with Clifford Calley.
The date between Donna Moss and Clifford Calley seems to go well.
Clifford Calley leaves Donna Moss abruptly in the middle of the street.
Donna Moss later realizes that Clifford Calley's congressional committee is in charge of the investigation.
A relationship between Donna Moss and Clifford Calley could constitute a conflict of interest.
Sam Seaborn and Bruno Gianelli are concerned about the loyalty of a powerful California union official.
Toby Ziegler and Josh Lyman are preparing for a meeting with the congressional opposition.
Toby Ziegler and Josh Lyman are preparing to re-negotiate the estate tax.
The Republicans have labeled the estate tax as the "death tax."
Toby Ziegler and Josh Lyman are surprised by a last-minute cancellation of their meeting.
The Republicans are planning to repeal the estate tax altogether.
The Republicans might have the votes to repeal the estate tax.
An attempt to win over the black caucus fails.
The black caucus is led by Congressman Mark Richardson.
Doug Wegland suggests that President Bartlet respond by vetoing the bill.
President Bartlet is confronted with a forest fire in Wyoming.
President Bartlet decides to let the forest fire burn.
President Bartlet is struggling to deal with the death of his personal secretary, Mrs. Landingham.
Charlie Young insists that it is necessary to appoint a new person to fill the position of personal secretary.
President Bartlet is reluctant to appoint a new personal secretary.
As the episode ends, President Bartlet is searching for a good pen.
President Bartlet realizes the full depth of his dependence on Mrs. Landingham.
According to Aaron Sorkin, the episode benefited greatly from input by two former White House employees.
Eli Attie, Al Gore's chief speechwriter, came up with the idea for the scene where Donna stays up all night sorting through documents.
Gene Sperling, Bill Clinton's chief economic adviser, came up with the sub-plot involving the estate tax.
Aaron Sorkin had certain misgivings about the appeal of the estate tax story.
Aaron Sorkin considered the bipartisan spirit of the time in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks.
In one scene, Sam Seaborn speaks to a Latino labor leader.
Sam Seaborn switches into Spanish during the discussion with the Latino labor leader.
Victor Campos claims that he has been used for public relations purposes.
Sam Seaborn denies Victor Campos's claim.
Rob Lowe had to learn to speak Spanish convincingly for this episode.
Aaron Sorkin commented that he tends to torture Rob Lowe a little.
C.J. Cregg says that special prosecutor Clement Rollins was the editor of the Yale Law Review.
There is no such thing as the Yale Law Review.
The journal of legal scholarship affiliated with the Yale Law School is called the Yale Law Journal.