Pathlight School is a special school for high-functioning children with autism.
Pathlight School is located in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore.
Pathlight School was founded in 2004.
Pathlight School is run by the non-profit Autism Resource Centre.
Pathlight School comprises one half of the national educational provision for autistic children.
Pathlight School coaches students in social and life skills.
Pathlight School teaches students mainstream curriculum subjects.
Pathlight School prepares students for employment in an autism-friendly environment.
Pathlight School has more than 500 pupils enrolled.
Pathlight School is noted for its achievements in special education in Singapore.
In 2003, the Autism Resource Centre launched a project to provide comprehensive support for autistic Singaporeans.
The project included plans to set up the first autism-focused special school in Singapore.
The Autism Resource Centre collaborated with the Rainbow Centre over a period of five months.
The collaboration involved renovating the temporary campus.
The collaboration involved recruiting school staff.
The collaboration involved deciding on the school values.
The collaboration involved developing the school programmes.
Pathlight School opened in 2004 with 10 teachers.
Pathlight School opened in 2004 with 41 students.
Pathlight School conducted charity walks to raise funds.
Pathlight School conducted merchandise sales to raise funds.
Pathlight School conducted other events to raise funds.
Pathlight School raised funds for the introduction of more programmes for an expanding intake.
In 2007, two teachers from Pathlight School won the inaugural Most Outstanding Special Education Teacher Award.
In 2007, two teachers from Pathlight School won the Most Innovative Special Education Teacher Award.
The awards were given by the Singaporean Ministry of Education and National Council of Social Service.
In 2009, the Autism Association of Singapore launched a second autism-focused special school called Eden School.
Pathlight School and Eden School formed a partnership.
In the following year, Pathlight School moved to its permanent campus.
Pathlight School announced plans to develop student internship programmes.
Pathlight School announced plans to build an information technology centre.
Pathlight School announced plans to set up a lifelong learning club for alumni.
The permanent campus of Pathlight School is located at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10.
The permanent campus of Pathlight School was constructed by W Architects.
The construction of the permanent campus cost S$34 million.
The permanent campus spans 1.6 hectares.
The permanent campus includes 45 classrooms.
The permanent campus includes four computer labs.
The permanent campus includes three courtyards.
The permanent campus includes an industrial kitchen.
The permanent campus includes a multi-purpose area.
The permanent campus includes special art rooms.
The permanent campus includes special music rooms.
The permanent campus includes special design rooms.
The campus was designed to offer students dignity.
The campus was designed to provide an autism-friendly environment.
The walls and floors of the campus have a simple colour scheme.
The simple colour scheme is intended to avoid triggering sensory overload.
The taps in the canteen are slightly different from each other.
The different taps in the canteen help students learn to adopt less rigid routines.
Due to limited facilities, some academic lessons are conducted by Pathlight teachers at nearby mainstream schools.
Satellite classes are conducted at Chong Boon Secondary School.
Satellite classes are conducted at Pierce Secondary School.
Satellite classes are conducted at Bishan Park Secondary School.
In 2014/2015, Yio Chu Kang Secondary School will be introduced.
As of 2012, Pathlight School introduced two campuses.
Campus 1 includes Primary 1 to 4 and Vocational Track.
Campus 2 includes Primary 5 to 6 and Secondary School.
In 2013, Primary 4 was moved to Campus 2.
In 2015, Primary 3 was moved to Campus 2.
The Secondary School moved to Campus 1 in 2015.
Pathlight School uses the same academic curriculum as mainstream primary and secondary schools.
The sole exception is that mother tongue lessons are replaced with classes covering social and life skills.
Pathlight School accommodates the needs of students with smaller class sizes.
Pathlight School employs staff trained to handle autistic children.
Pathlight School uses more visual teaching methods.
Pathlight School provides more predictable environments.
Pathlight School develops individual education plans for each student.
Satellite classes give students regular opportunities to interact with neurotypical peers.
Exceptional students are allowed to attend classes with mainstream students for some subjects.
Pathlight School runs computing courses.
Pathlight School has a design studio.
Pathlight School has a cafe staffed by students.
Pathlight School produces book compilations of thoughts written by students.
Pathlight School conducts exhibitions of student artwork.
Pathlight School sells merchandise made by students.
Pathlight School helps students develop useful skills.
Pathlight School raises funds for the school.
Pathlight School raises awareness of autism.
Pathlight School has hosted autism events such as the WeCAN Learning Congress 2010.
Over 20 international experts shared their best practices in autism care at the WeCAN Learning Congress 2010.
About 560 delegates attended the WeCAN Learning Congress 2010.
If a student is taking N or O level, they will have a 2-year programme.
The 2-year programme will take place in Secondary 4 for Express and Normal Technical.
The 2-year programme will take place in Secondary 5 for Normal Academic.
The Express and Normal Technical courses will be 5-year courses.
The Normal Academic course will be a 6-year course.
As of 2010, Pathlight School had an enrolment of over 500 students.
About 40% of students had their school fees of S$500 subsidised.
Pathlight School caters to autistic Singaporeans aged six to 18.
Students are able to access the mainstream curriculum because they are high-functioning.
Students would have difficulty learning in a mainstream school.
Most students take mainstream national examinations such as the PSLE and O Levels.
The results of Pathlight School students are comparable to students from mainstream schools.
Some Pathlight School students enter mainstream tertiary institutions.
About 10% of students take a vocational track.
Students on the vocational track may transfer to Eden School.
Eden School caters to lower-functioning autistic children.
Eden School focuses on vocational training.
Students from Pathlight School have participated in national competitions.
Students from Pathlight School have won national competitions such as the National Youth Business Challenge 2010.
In 2015, the student enrolment had increased to 1,000 students.
The number of students at Pathlight School had been growing.
From 2016 onwards, the Secondary School Express course had been increased to five years.
From 2016 onwards, the Normal Academic Course had been increased to six years.
The Normal Technical course will stay the same.
Pathlight School is run by the Autism Resource Centre.
The Autism Resource Centre is a non-profit organisation.
The Autism Resource Centre offers early intervention for autistic Singaporeans.
The Autism Resource Centre offers therapy for autistic Singaporeans.
The Autism Resource Centre offers training for autistic Singaporeans.
Pathlight School employs 81 staff members.
The staff members include teachers.
The staff members include therapists.
The staff members include autism consultants.
The school board is headed by Denise Phua.
Denise Phua is the founder of Pathlight School.
Denise Phua is the president of the Autism Resource Centre.
Denise Phua is a Member of Parliament.
The operating costs of Pathlight School are paid by the Ministry of Education.
The operating costs of Pathlight School are paid by the National Council of Social Service.
Other costs are estimated at S$5 million per year.
Other costs are funded through fees.
Other costs are funded through donations.
Other costs are funded through merchandise sales.
Other costs are funded through fundraising events.
Pathlight School and Eden School have a centralised admission system.
Pathlight School and Eden School share various resources.
Pathlight School and Eden School together form the national provision of education for children across the autism spectrum.
The MRT stations are not near Pathlight School.
The MRT stations only pass by Pathlight School.
Buses 45, 55, 261, and CT8 can be taken to both campuses.
The Townsville Primary School Stop does not serve CT8.
Bus 55 provides access to Bishan MRT Station.
Bus 261 provides access to Ang Mo Kio MRT Station.
No bus enters Ang Mo Kio Street 44 for Campus 2.
Students have to walk to Campus 2.