The Cruachan Power Station is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
The Cruachan Power Station is also known as the Cruachan Dam.
The turbine hall is located inside Ben Cruachan.
The Cruachan Power Station takes water between Cruachan Reservoir and Loch Awe.
The height difference between Cruachan Reservoir and Loch Awe is 396 metres (1,299 ft).
The Cruachan Power Station is one of only four pumped storage power stations in the UK.
The Cruachan Power Station is capable of providing a black start capability to the National Grid.
Construction of the Cruachan Power Station began in 1959.
The construction of the Cruachan Power Station coincided with the construction of the Hunterston A nuclear power station in Ayrshire.
Cruachan Power Station uses cheap off-peak electricity generated at night to pump water to the higher reservoir.
The water pumped to the higher reservoir can be released during the day to provide power as necessary.
The Cruachan Power Station is open to visitors.
Around 50,000 tourists visit the Cruachan Power Station each year.
The Cruachan Power Station is located on the A85 road.
The Cruachan Power Station is about 8 km or 5 miles west of Dalmally.
The Cruachan Power Station is on a branch of Loch Awe leading to the River Awe.
The River Awe is the outflow from Loch Awe at its NW corner.
There is a seasonally open Falls of Cruachan railway station nearby the Cruachan Power Station.
Construction of the Cruachan Power Station commenced in 1959.
Queen Elizabeth II opened the Cruachan Power Station on 15 October 1965.
The concept of the Cruachan Power Station was designed by Sir Edward MacColl.
Sir Edward MacColl died before the Cruachan Power Station opened.
The civil engineering works of the Cruachan Power Station were done by James Williamson & Partners of Glasgow.
The main project contractors for the Cruachan Power Station were William Tawse of Aberdeen and Edmund Nuttall of Camberley.
The consultant electrical engineers for the Cruachan Power Station were Merz & McLellan of Newcastle on Tyne.
At the peak of construction, there were around 4,000 people working on the Cruachan Power Station project.
Thirty-six men died during the construction of the Cruachan Power Station and dam.
The cost of the Cruachan Power Station scheme was GB £24.5 million.
Cruachan was one of the first reversible pumped-storage systems.
The same turbines are used as both pumps and generators in the Cruachan Power Station.
Previous pumped-storage systems used separate pumps with a network of pipes to return water to the upper reservoir.
Previous pumped-storage systems were much more expensive to build than conventional hydroelectric systems.
Cruachan Power Station is predated by the smaller 232 megawatts (311,000 hp) Lünerseewerk of 1958.
Cruachan Power Station is predated by the 360 megawatts (480,000 hp) Ffestiniog Power Station of 1963.
Cruachan Power Station is one of four pumped storage schemes in the UK.
The construction of the Cruachan Power Station was linked to the construction of Hunterston A nuclear power station.
The purpose of the link to Hunterston A nuclear power station was to store surplus night-time nuclear generated electrical energy.
The Cruachan Power Station was originally operated by the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board.
The Cruachan Power Station was transferred to the South of Scotland Electricity Board.
Scottish Power has owned the Cruachan Power Station since the privatisation of Britain's electricity industry in 1990.
Scottish Power is looking to increase the capacity of the Cruachan Power Station to 1,040 MW.
The early life of the Cruachan Power Station was fraught with technical difficulties.
The size of the maintenance team for the Cruachan Power Station has been reduced from 30 in 1989 to 12 in 2010.
Maintenance of the penstocks formerly required them to be drained.
Maintenance of the penstocks is now done using a remotely operated underwater vehicle.
In 2015, a BBC radio documentary titled "Inside the Rock" covered the history of the construction of the Cruachan Power Station.
The Cruachan Power Station temporarily stores energy at times of low demand.
The Cruachan Power Station releases energy at times of high demand.
The Cruachan Power Station reduces the maximum power that must be provided by power stations.
The Cruachan Power Station is used to cope with sudden surges in the demand for electricity.
The Cruachan Power Station uses some rainwater.
The Cruachan Power Station is not a net generator of electricity.
The Cruachan Power Station uses more energy for pumping water and spinning its turbines than it generates.
Water is pumped from Loch Awe to the upper reservoir during periods of low energy use.
The upper reservoir is 396 metres (1,299 ft) above Loch Awe.
The upper reservoir receives rainwater.
The upper reservoir is supplemented by a network of 19 kilometres (12 mi) of tunnels.
Around 10% of the energy from the Cruachan Power Station is generated from rainwater.
The rest of the energy from the Cruachan Power Station is from the water pumped up from Loch Awe.
The Cruachan Power Station is capable of generating 440 megawatts (590,000 hp) of electricity from four turbines.
The Cruachan Power Station has two turbines of 100 megawatts (130,000 hp) capacity.
The Cruachan Power Station has two turbines of 120 megawatts (160,000 hp) capacity.
Two units of the Cruachan Power Station were upgraded in 2005.
The Cruachan Power Station can go from standby to full production in two minutes.
The Cruachan Power Station can go from standby to full production in thirty seconds if compressed air is used to start the turbines spinning.
When the top reservoir is full, the Cruachan Power Station can operate for 22 hours before the supply of water is exhausted.
At full power, the turbines of the Cruachan Power Station can pump at 167 cubic metres (5,900 cu ft) per second.
At full power, the turbines of the Cruachan Power Station can generate at 200 cubic metres (7,100 cu ft) per second.
The Cruachan Power Station is required to keep a 12-hour emergency water supply.
The 12-hour emergency water supply enables the Cruachan Power Station to provide a black start capability to the National Grid.
The black start capability enables utilities to be restarted without access to external power.
There are four Francis turbines in the Cruachan Power Station.
The Francis turbines operate as both pumps and generators.
The Francis turbines are housed in a cavern within Ben Cruachan.
The cavern within Ben Cruachan is 91.5 metres (300 ft) long.
The cavern within Ben Cruachan is 23.5 metres (77 ft) wide.
The cavern within Ben Cruachan is 38 metres (125 ft) high.
The chamber housing the turbines is at a depth of around 300 metres (980 ft).
The chamber is located within a hard granite intrusion.
Construction of the Cruachan Power Station required the removal of 220,000 cubic metres (7,800,000 cu ft) of rock.
Access to the turbine hall is gained by a road tunnel.
The road tunnel is 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) long.
The road tunnel is 4 metres (13 ft) high.
The road tunnel is 7 metres (23 ft) wide.
The road tunnel is warm and humid enough to allow tropical plants to grow.
The transformers of the Cruachan Power Station step up the voltage from 16 kV to 275 kV for transmission.
Six oil-filled cables carry the electric current up a cable shaft to a point in front of the dam.
The electric current is carried on pylons to Dalmally.
Dalmally is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the east of the Cruachan Power Station.
The staircase in the cable shaft has 1,420 steps.
The staircase in the cable shaft is the tallest in Britain.
After passing through the turbines, the water enters a surge chamber.
The surge chamber is designed to balance fluctuations in the level of water.
The water then enters the tailrace tunnel to Loch Awe.
The tailrace tunnel is 7 metres (23 ft) in diameter.
The tailrace tunnel is 935 metres (3,068 ft) long.
The Cruachan Reservoir is 396 metres (1,299 ft) above Loch Awe.
The Cruachan Reservoir is contained by a dam that is 316 metres (1,037 ft) long.
The Cruachan Reservoir has a catchment area of 23 square kilometres (8.9 sq mi).
The Cruachan Reservoir is capable of holding 7 gigawatt-hours (25 TJ) of energy.
Environmental restrictions meant that the dam had to have a "clean" structure.
The operational equipment of the Cruachan Power Station is located within the dam wall itself.
The penstocks are a pair of tunnels that are 260 metres (850 ft) long.
The penstocks are inclined at 56° from the horizontal.
The penstocks have a diameter of 5.3 metres (17 ft).
The penstocks bifurcate into four steel lined shafts.
The four steel lined shafts are 190 metres (620 ft) long.
The four steel lined shafts have a diameter of 2.5 metres (8 ft 2 in).
The penstocks underwent a major inspection and refurbishment in 2003.
The Cruachan Power Station was listed by the conservation organisation DoCoMoMo as one of the sixty key monuments of post-war Scottish architecture.
In November 2012, the Cruachan Power Station received the Institution of Mechanical Engineers' Engineering Heritage Award.
A visitor centre is situated at the outflow to Loch Awe.
The visitor centre was refurbished in 2009.
The visitor centre receives around 50,000 visitors a year.
The Cruachan Power Station houses a three-section modernist mural.
The modernist mural is 48 by 12 foot (14.6 m × 3.7 m).
The modernist mural is made of wood, plastic, and gold leaf.
The modernist mural was created by English artist Elizabeth Falconer.
The mural includes Celtic crosses, pylons, mythical beasts, and men of industry.
The first section of the mural depicts the mythical Cailleach Bheur.
Cailleach Bheur guarded the spring underneath the mountain.
The middle panel of the mural commemorates fifteen workers killed when the roof of the turbine hall collapsed.
The final section of the mural shows the Cruachan Power Station working.