"Paper Hearts" is the tenth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
"Paper Hearts" premiered on the Fox network on December 15, 1996.
"Paper Hearts" was written by Vince Gilligan.
"Paper Hearts" was directed by Rob Bowman.
"Paper Hearts" featured guest appearances by Tom Noonan.
"Paper Hearts" featured guest appearances by Rebecca Toolan.
"Paper Hearts" featured guest appearances by Vanessa Morley.
"Paper Hearts" is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story.
"Paper Hearts" is unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
"Paper Hearts" was viewed by 16.59 million people in its initial broadcast.
"Paper Hearts" received positive reviews.
Critics praised Tom Noonan's guest role in "Paper Hearts."
The show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully.
Fox Mulder is portrayed by David Duchovny.
Dana Scully is portrayed by Gillian Anderson.
Fox Mulder and Dana Scully work on cases linked to the paranormal.
Cases linked to the paranormal are called X-Files.
Fox Mulder is a believer in the paranormal.
Dana Scully is skeptical of the paranormal.
Dana Scully has been assigned to debunk Fox Mulder's work.
In this episode, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully find that a child killer claimed more victims than he confessed to.
The child killer is portrayed by Tom Noonan.
Fox Mulder had helped to apprehend the child killer several years earlier.
The child killer is now claiming to have killed Fox Mulder's sister Samantha.
Vince Gilligan came up with the concept for "Paper Hearts."
Vince Gilligan thought about the series' longest running storyline.
The longest running storyline is the abduction of Samantha Mulder.
Vince Gilligan questioned whether Samantha Mulder had been abducted by aliens.
Vince Gilligan questioned whether Samantha Mulder was murdered by a child killer instead.
Vince Gilligan decided to help convince Fox Mulder through a series of prophetic dreams.
Fox Mulder dreams of a red light that leads him to the corpse of a young girl.
The young girl is buried in a park in Manassas, Virginia.
Fox Mulder awakens and heads to the park.
Fox Mulder finds the young girl's skeleton.
The young girl was determined to have been murdered by John Lee Roche.
John Lee Roche is a serial killer.
John Lee Roche murdered thirteen girls throughout the 1980s.
John Lee Roche's modus operandi was cutting a heart out of the clothes of each victim.
Fox Mulder captured John Lee Roche by deducing that he committed the murders while traveling as a vacuum cleaner salesman.
John Lee Roche's hearts were never found.
John Lee Roche confessed to all of the murders.
Dana Scully's autopsy of the skeleton finds that the victim died in 1975.
The victim's death suggests that John Lee Roche's killing spree started much earlier than the FBI had previously thought.
Fox Mulder and Dana Scully search John Lee Roche's old car.
Fox Mulder and Dana Scully discover sixteen cut-out hearts in John Lee Roche's old car.
Fox Mulder and Dana Scully visit John Lee Roche in prison.
Fox Mulder and Dana Scully hope to learn the identities of the remaining two victims.
John Lee Roche tries to play mind games with Fox Mulder.
That night, Fox Mulder dreams of the night of Samantha Mulder's abduction.
Fox Mulder's dream suggests that his sister was abducted by John Lee Roche rather than aliens.
The next day, Fox Mulder asks John Lee Roche where he was the night Samantha Mulder was abducted.
John Lee Roche claims he was on Martha's Vineyard.
John Lee Roche claims he sold a vacuum cleaner to Fox Mulder's father.
Fox Mulder later finds the vacuum in his mother's house.
Fox Mulder convinces Walter Skinner to grant them further access to John Lee Roche.
Fox Mulder and Dana Scully question John Lee Roche.
John Lee Roche tells Fox Mulder the location of one of his remaining victims.
John Lee Roche claims exactly what happened the night of Samantha Mulder's abduction.
An autopsy of the body reveals it does not belong to Samantha Mulder.
John Lee Roche tells Fox Mulder the final body is Samantha Mulder's.
John Lee Roche says he will only reveal where Samantha Mulder's body is if Fox Mulder takes him to the scene of her abduction.
Fox Mulder secretly releases John Lee Roche from prison.
Fox Mulder brings John Lee Roche to Martha's Vineyard.
Upon arriving at his family's old summer house, John Lee Roche explains exactly what happened the night of Samantha Mulder's abduction.
Fox Mulder tells John Lee Roche that the house was bought by his father after Samantha Mulder's abduction.
Fox Mulder's statement convinces him that John Lee Roche is not telling the truth.
Fox Mulder plans to bring John Lee Roche back to prison.
Fox Mulder awakens to find John Lee Roche gone.
John Lee Roche has stolen Fox Mulder's badge, gun, and phone.
Using Fox Mulder's credentials, John Lee Roche kidnaps a girl in Swampscott, Massachusetts.
John Lee Roche met the girl on his flight with Fox Mulder to Boston.
Dana Scully and Walter Skinner arrive the next day.
Dana Scully and Walter Skinner head to the site of John Lee Roche's old apartment in Revere.
Dana Scully and Walter Skinner find John Lee Roche with the girl in an abandoned bus nearby.
John Lee Roche holds the gun on the girl.
John Lee Roche tells Fox Mulder that he will never know for sure whether the last victim is Samantha Mulder or not if he kills him.
Fox Mulder is forced to shoot John Lee Roche.
John Lee Roche starts to pull on the trigger of the stolen gun.
In his office, Fox Mulder stares at the final cloth heart.
Fox Mulder puts the final cloth heart away.
Fox Mulder is unsure of whether the final cloth heart belonged to Samantha Mulder or not.
"Paper Hearts" was written specifically with Tom Noonan in mind for the role of John Lee Roche.
"Paper Hearts" was among the first television work Tom Noonan had done.
Vince Gilligan came up with the concept for "Paper Hearts" when thinking about the series' longest running storyline.
Vince Gilligan's concept questioned whether Samantha Mulder had been abducted by aliens.
Vince Gilligan's concept questioned whether Samantha Mulder was murdered by a child killer instead.
The laser lights in Fox Mulder's dreams were influenced by Vince Gilligan's experience with laser holograms.
Vince Gilligan was a film student.
The laser was supposed to be the color blue.
The laser was changed to red in production to reduce costs.
Vince Gilligan wanted to include some kind of fetish for the killer.
Vince Gilligan settled on having John Lee Roche cut heart-shaped fragments from his victims' clothing.
Vince Gilligan thought that having John Lee Roche mutilate his victims' bodies would be going too far.
Guest actor Tom Noonan recalled filming the scene in which his character is introduced.
Tom Noonan was playing basketball in prison during the scene.
Tom Noonan is a capable basketball player.
Tom Noonan was asked to "downplay" how well he could play basketball.
Tom Noonan regretted not being able to play against David Duchovny.
David Duchovny played basketball for Princeton University.
Episode writer Vince Gilligan asserts that David Duchovny's successful basketball shot was filmed in just one take.
David Duchovny's successful basketball shot was filmed without special effects.
The episode was the eighth produced in the season.
The episode was the tenth aired.
The episode was delayed to free up production resources for the two-part episodes "Tunguska" and "Terma."
The episode's climactic scene was filmed in a "bus graveyard" in Surrey, British Columbia.
The location had been scouted months previously.
The intention was to eventually include the location in an episode of the series.
Filming at the location did not last a full day.
Filming at the location did not last a full day despite the long wait to use it.
"Paper Hearts" was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on November 12, 1997.
The episode's initial broadcast was viewed by approximately 16.59 million people.
The viewership represented 16% of the viewing audience during that time.
Both Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny consider "Paper Hearts" among the best episodes of the fourth season.
Composer Mark Snow was nominated for an Emmy Award for the music he produced for "Paper Hearts."
Mark Snow said of the episode's music that it was a different kind of texture for the show.
Mark Snow described the episode's music as light, magic, and nothing terribly threatening.
Mark Snow received many requests for a recording of the music used at the end of "Paper Hearts."
Website IGN named "Paper Hearts" their sixth favorite "standalone" episode of the show.
IGN called "Paper Hearts" creepy and unsettling.
IGN claimed Tom Noonan's character was one of the most disturbing villains to make an appearance in the series.
Tom Noonan's acting has been praised by Vince Gilligan.
Vince Gilligan says the understated manner in which John Lee Roche is portrayed sends chills down his spine every time.
The A.V. Club's Todd VanDerWerff reviewed "Paper Hearts" positively.
Todd VanDerWerff rated "Paper Hearts" an A.
Todd VanDerWerff felt that Tom Noonan's performance was terrific.
Todd VanDerWerff noted that Tom Noonan makes John Lee Roche into one of the series' great human monsters.
Todd VanDerWerff believed that the episode's premise was important to developing the character of Fox Mulder further.
The A.V. Club later named "Paper Hearts" the sixth best example of a television dream sequence.
The A.V. Club noted that "Paper Hearts" suggests how Fox Mulder might puzzle over cold cases in his subconscious.
The A.V. Club complimented the entry's metaphor that laser pointers were Fox Mulder's mind.
The metaphor suggests that laser pointers point out bits of evidence Fox Mulder's conscious brain missed all those many years ago.
Starpulse named "Paper Hearts" the second best episode of the series.