Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was a Canadian pharmacologist and physician.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was born on July 24, 1914.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey died on August 7, 2015.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was a reviewer for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey refused to authorize thalidomide for market.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey had concerns about the drug's safety.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey's concerns about thalidomide proved to be justified.
Thalidomide caused serious birth defects.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey's career intersected with the passage of laws strengthening FDA oversight of pharmaceuticals.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was the second woman to be awarded the President's Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service.
President John F. Kennedy awarded Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey the President's Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was born in Shawnigan Lake on Vancouver Island, British Columbia.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey graduated from St. Margaret's School high school at age 15.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey attended Victoria College, British Columbia from 1930 to 1931.
Victoria College is now known as the University of Victoria.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey enrolled at McGill University to study pharmacology.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey received a B.Sc. in pharmacology in 1934.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey received a M.Sc. in pharmacology in 1935.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey wrote to EMK Geiling, M.D. asking for a position doing graduate work.
EMK Geiling, M.D. was a noted researcher starting up a new pharmacology department at the University of Chicago.
EMK Geiling presumed that Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was a man.
EMK Geiling offered Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey a position.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey accepted the position and began working for EMK Geiling in 1936.
EMK Geiling was retained by the FDA to research unusual deaths related to elixir sulfanilamide.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey assisted on the research project related to elixir sulfanilamide.
The research project showed that 107 deaths were caused by the use of diethylene glycol as a solvent.
The United States Congress passed the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act of 1938.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey completed her studies and received a Ph.D. in pharmacology at the University of Chicago in 1938.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey developed an interest in teratogens while working with EMK Geiling.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey joined the University of Chicago faculty upon completing her Ph.D.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was looking for a synthetic cure for malaria in 1942.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey learned that some drugs are able to pass through the placental barrier.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey met Dr. Fremont Ellis Kelsey while on the faculty at the University of Chicago.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey married Dr. Fremont Ellis Kelsey in 1943.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was awarded her M.D. during 1950.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey worked as an editorial associate for the American Medical Association Journal for two years.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey left the University of Chicago in 1954.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey took a position teaching pharmacology at the University of South Dakota.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey moved with her husband and two daughters to Vermillion, South Dakota.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey taught at the University of South Dakota until 1957.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey became a dual citizen of Canada and the United States in the 1950s.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey retained strong ties to Canada.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey continued to visit her siblings regularly until late in life.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was hired by the FDA in Washington, D.C. in 1960.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was one of only seven full-time physicians reviewing drugs for the FDA.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was one of four young part-time physicians reviewing drugs for the FDA.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey reviewed an application by Richardson Merrell for the drug thalidomide.
Thalidomide was under the tradename Kevadon.
Thalidomide was intended as a tranquilizer and painkiller.
Thalidomide had specific indications to prescribe the drug to pregnant women for morning sickness.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey withheld approval for thalidomide.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey requested further studies on thalidomide.
Thalidomide had already been approved in Canada and more than 20 European and African countries.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey persisted in requesting additional information about thalidomide.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey requested information to explain an English study documenting a nervous system side effect of thalidomide.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey insisted that thalidomide should be fully tested prior to approval.
The births of deformed infants in Europe were linked to thalidomide ingestion by their mothers during pregnancy.
Researchers discovered that thalidomide crossed the placental barrier.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was hailed as a heroine by The Washington Post.
Morton Mintz authored an article in The Washington Post about Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey.
Morton Mintz stated that Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey prevented the birth of hundreds or indeed thousands of armless and legless children.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey insisted that her assistants, Oyam Jiro and Lee Geismar, deserved credit.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey insisted that her FDA superiors who backed her deserved credit.
The narrative of Dr. Kelsey’s persistence was used to help pass rigorous drug approval regulation in 1962.
There was a substantial public outcry after Morton Mintz broke the story in July 1962.
The Kefauver Harris Amendment was passed unanimously by Congress in October 1962.
The Kefauver Harris Amendment strengthened drug regulation.
Companies were required to demonstrate the efficacy of new drugs.
Companies were required to report adverse reactions to the FDA.
Companies were required to request consent from patients participating in clinical studies.
The drug testing reforms required stricter limits on the testing and distribution of new drugs.
The amendments recognized that effectiveness should be established prior to marketing.
The new laws were not without controversy.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was awarded the President's Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service by President John F. Kennedy for blocking American approval of thalidomide.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey became the second woman to receive the President's Award for Distinguished Federal Civilian Service.
British Pathé released a film of President John F. Kennedy acknowledging Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey in a speech.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey continued her work at the FDA after receiving the award.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey played a key role in shaping and enforcing the 1962 amendments.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey became responsible for directing the surveillance of drug testing at the FDA.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey retired from the FDA in 2005.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was 90 years old when she retired from the FDA.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey served at the FDA for 45 years.
The FDA named the Kelsey Award after Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey in 2010.
The Kelsey Award is to be awarded annually to an FDA employee.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey continued to work for the FDA while being recognized for her earlier work.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was still working at the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research in 1995.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was appointed deputy for scientific and medical affairs in 1995.
The Frances Kelsey Secondary School in Mill Bay, British Columbia was named in her honor in 1994.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey retired in 2005.
The FDA presented Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey with the first Drug Safety Excellence Award in 2010.
The FDA named the annual Drug Safety Excellence Award after Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey.
The FDA announced that the Drug Safety Excellence Award would be given to one FDA staff member annually.
Center Director Steven K. Galson established the Dr. Frances O. Kelsey Drug Safety Excellence Award.
Center Director Steven K. Galson recognized the first recipients of the Dr. Frances O. Kelsey Drug Safety Excellence Award for their outstanding accomplishments.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey turned 100 in July 2014.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey moved from Washington, D.C. to live with her daughter in London, Ontario in the fall of 2014.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was named to the Order of Canada in June 2015.
Mercédes Benegbi praised Dr. Kelsey for showing strength and courage.
Mercédes Benegbi is a thalidomide victim and the head of the Thalidomide Victims Association of Canada.
Mercédes Benegbi stated that Dr. Kelsey was always their heroine.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey died in London, Ontario on August 7, 2015.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey was 101 years old when she died.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey died less than 24 hours after Ontario’s Lieutenant-Governor, Elizabeth Dowdeswell, visited her home.
Elizabeth Dowdeswell presented Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey with the insignia of Member of the Order of Canada.
Frances Kathleen Oldham Kelsey played a role against thalidomide.