Richard Rennison was born on 29 October 1889 in Shankhouse, Northumberland.
Richard Rennison died on 5 August 1969 at Haltwhistle, Northumberland.
Richard Rennison was the last "anvil priest" at Gretna Green, Scotland.
Richard Rennison performed "irregular marriages" of couples over the anvil at the Old Blacksmith Shop between 1926 and 1940.
Couples proclaimed that they were single and wanted to get married in front of witnesses during the "irregular marriages."
Richard Rennison generally requested a fee of £1 for a ceremony.
Richard Rennison was known to earn up to £20 for a ceremony.
£20 for a ceremony was approximately £3,030 in 2012.
The popularity of the marriages grew while Richard Rennison was performing them.
A special committee was formed to look at marriage in Scotland due to the popularity of the marriages.
Richard Rennison was called as a witness by the special committee.
Richard Rennison conducted 5,147 ceremonies by the time "irregular marriages" were outlawed in Scotland.
"Irregular marriages" were outlawed in Scotland by the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939.
Richard Rennison was born to coalminer James Rennison and his wife Ann.
Richard Rennison spent time working as a "General Dealer."
Richard Rennison spent time working as a photographer.
Richard Rennison spent time as a Methodist preacher in Tyneside.
Richard Rennison married Jessie Little in Nicholforest, Cumberland in 1923.
Richard Rennison and Jessie Little moved to Gretna in 1926.
Richard Rennison described himself as a saddler, an ironmonger, and a boot maker by 1926.
Richard Rennison initially set himself up as a saddler when he moved to Gretna.
Richard Rennison opened a cafe when he moved to Gretna.
Hugh Mackie purchased the Old Blacksmith's Shop at Gretna Green in 1890.
Hugh Mackie resided at the Old Blacksmith's Shop as "anvil priest" until 1926.
Hugh Mackie was looking to retire and find a replacement in 1926.
Hugh Mackie found Richard Rennison as a replacement.
Richard Rennison joined the community before 1927.
Richard Rennison was presiding over marriages by October 1927.
Richard Rennison acted as caretaker of the Old Blacksmith's Shop by October 1927.
The Old Blacksmith's Shop ceased any metalwork in 1900.
The Old Blacksmith's Shop was solely used for marriage ceremonies after 1900.
Richard Rennison became the resident "anvil priest."
Richard Rennison married around 2,000 couples in his first ten years.
The majority of couples married by Richard Rennison were between 40 and 60 years old.
By 1939, the number of marriages Richard Rennison had performed had increased past 4,000.
Many young men wanted to get married before starting their service in World War II.
Marriages at the blacksmith shop were inconsistent during Richard Rennison's time as "anvil priest."
Marriages followed the same pattern during Richard Rennison's time as "anvil priest."
Both parties were to declare in front of witnesses that they were single.
One party had to have lived in Scotland for 21 days before the marriage.
There are documented cases where the marriage requirements were not confirmed.
Richard Rennison would strike the hammer on the anvil to marry the couple.
Richard Rennison's wife often acted as a witness to the couples getting married.
Richard Rennison's wife sometimes performed the ceremonies herself.
The marriage fee was supposedly £1.
Richard Rennison sometimes performed the ceremony for free.
Richard Rennison sometimes performed the ceremony for however much he was given.
In one case, Richard Rennison received £20 for a ceremony.
£20 for a ceremony was worth approximately £3,030 in 2012.
If witnesses were required, they would be provided at the cost of 2s 6d each.
Richard Rennison traveled to London in 1931 for a "sight-seeing visit."
Richard Rennison brought the anvil with him to London to protect it from theft.
The anvil weighed 240 pounds (110 kg).
The Leader-Post suggested that transporting the old anvil was more likely a publicity stunt.
A special committee headed by Lord Morison was appointed in 1935 to look at marriage in Scotland.
Richard Rennison gave evidence before the special committee in 1936.
Richard Rennison claimed that he was known as "the Gretna priest."
Richard Rennison did not dress like a priest.
Richard Rennison stated that he knew he was not a priest.
Richard Rennison confirmed that he had been removing the word "priest" from marriage certificates.
Richard Rennison told couples that they needed to confirm their marriage with the registrar at Dumfries.
The committee's findings led to the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939.
The Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939 outlawed the process of "irregular marriages."
When the new law came into force in 1940, Richard Rennison had performed 5,147 marriages.
Richard Rennison's role changed to a symbolic one after the new law came into force.
Richard Rennison "blessed" marriages after the new law came into force.
Richard Rennison acted as caretaker of the forge after the new law came into force.
Richard Rennison regularly appeared at court to ensure the marriages he performed were judicially recognized.