St Catherine's Castle is a Henrician castle in Cornwall.
St Catherine's Castle was built by Thomas Treffry.
St Catherine's Castle was built between approximately 1538 and 1540.
St Catherine's Castle was built in response to fears of an invasion of England by France and the Holy Roman Empire.
St Catherine's Castle is a D-shaped stone fortification.
St Catherine's Castle is equipped with five gun-ports for cannon.
St Catherine's Castle overlooked the mouth of the River Fowey in Cornwall.
St Catherine's Castle was protected by a curtain wall.
St Catherine's Castle was protected by the surrounding cliffs.
St Catherine's Castle remained in use for many years.
St Catherine's Castle was closed at the end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815.
St Catherine's Castle was brought back into service in 1855 during the Crimean War.
St Catherine's Castle was fitted with two new artillery positions in 1855.
St Catherine's Castle soon became obsolete.
St Catherine's Castle was abandoned after becoming obsolete.
St Catherine's Castle was refortified during the Second World War.
St Catherine's Castle was used to house a battery of naval guns during the Second World War.
St Catherine's Castle was used to protect the coast against the threat of German attack during the Second World War.
St Catherine's Castle was restored to its previous condition after the Second World War.
St Catherine's Castle is now managed by English Heritage.
St Catherine's Castle is a tourist attraction.
St Catherine's Castle was built as a consequence of international tensions between England, France, and the Holy Roman Empire.
The Crown traditionally left coastal defences to local lords and communities.
The Crown only took a modest role in building and maintaining fortifications.
Maritime raids were common during the time of St Catherine's Castle's construction.
An actual invasion of England seemed unlikely before the construction of St Catherine's Castle.
Modest defences existed in the south-west and along the Sussex coast.
A few more impressive works existed in the north of England.
The fortifications in England were very limited in scale.
Henry VIII broke with Pope Paul III in 1533.
Henry VIII annulled his long-standing marriage to Catherine of Aragon in 1533.
Henry VIII remarried after annulling his marriage to Catherine of Aragon.
Catherine of Aragon was the aunt of Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor.
Charles V took the annulment of Henry VIII's marriage as a personal insult.
France and the Holy Roman Empire declared an alliance against Henry VIII in 1538.
The Pope encouraged France and the Holy Roman Empire to attack England.
An invasion of England appeared certain after the alliance against Henry VIII.
Henry VIII began to improve his coastal defences in response to the alliance.
A small D-shaped stone fortification was built to protect Fowey Harbour in Cornwall.
Fowey Harbour was an important centre for trade.
The harbour was reached through the Fowey estuary.
The local town had protected the Fowey estuary with two blockhouses positioned along the river's edge.
The two blockhouses were the Fowey blockhouse and the Polruan blockhouse.
A boom chain was strung between the two blockhouses.
The new castle replaced the two blockhouses.
The new castle was located high on the headland overlooking the entrance to the estuary.
St Catherine's Point is the location from which St Catherine's Castle took its name.
Construction work on St Catherine's Castle began between 1538 and 1540.
Thomas Treffry directed the construction of St Catherine's Castle.
By 1540, a map described St Catherine's Castle as only "half-made."
John Leland visited St Catherine's Castle in 1542.
John Leland described St Catherine's Castle as a blockhouse in 1542.
John Leland was hosted by Thomas Treffry during his visit.
John Leland recorded that the construction of St Catherine's Castle had been funded partly by Thomas Treffry.
John Leland recorded that the construction of St Catherine's Castle had been funded partly by the local town.
St Catherine's Castle was held by Royalist supporters of King Charles I during the English Civil War of the 1640s.
The local burgesses reported that St Catherine's Castle was in a "ruinous" state in 1684.
Francis Grose visited St Catherine's Castle in 1786.
Francis Grose noted that St Catherine's Castle was still being maintained at the expense of the local town in 1786.
Francis Grose praised the "picturesque and romantic" position of St Catherine's Castle.
Francis Grose concluded that St Catherine's Castle was of "little importance, either to antiquity or architecture."
St Catherine's Castle was equipped with six cannons at the time of Francis Grose's visit.
St Catherine's Castle continued to be used as a battery until the end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815.
Fresh concerns of invasion were raised after the Crimean War broke out in 1853.
The coastline was refortified after the Crimean War broke out in 1853.
St Catherine's Castle was redeveloped as part of the coastline fortification work in 1855.
Two new gun positions were built around the old blockhouse in 1855.
St Catherine's Castle was equipped with 64-pound (29 kg) rifled, muzzle-loading artillery pieces in 1887.
The artillery pieces were supported by volunteer forces.
The artillery pieces were used for training purposes.
The weaponry at St Catherine's Castle became obsolete.
St Catherine's Castle had fallen out of use by the end of the century.
St Catherine's Castle was brought back into use during the Second World War by the British Southern Command.
St Catherine's Castle was used to defend the coast against German attack during the Second World War.
In June 1940, St Catherine's Castle was re-equipped as a gun battery and observation post.
Additional concrete defences were laid around St Catherine's Castle during the Second World War.
Two 4.7-inch (120 mm) naval guns were installed in one of the 19th-century firing positions at St Catherine's Castle.
A new gun position was built 50 metres (160 ft) to the west of St Catherine's Castle.
The new gun position was supplemented by a French 75-millimetre (3.0 in) gun.
The old blockhouse was used to control a minefield in the estuary below during the Second World War.
The guns at St Catherine's Castle were manned first by the 364 Coast Battery of the Royal Artillery.
The guns at St Catherine's Castle were manned then by the 379 Battery of the 557 Coast Regiment.
The battery at St Catherine's Castle was retired from active operations in November 1943.
The entire fort at St Catherine's Castle was decommissioned after 1945.
The newer defences at St Catherine's Castle were removed after 1945.
In the 21st century, St Catherine's Castle is operated by the heritage organisation English Heritage.
St Catherine's Castle is protected under UK law as a Grade 2* listed building.
St Catherine's Castle is protected under UK law as a scheduled monument.
The 16th-century blockhouse is a two-storey D-shaped design.
The internal dimensions of the blockhouse are 5 by 4.4 metres (16 by 14 ft).
The walls of the blockhouse are made of slate rubble up to 1.35 metres (4 ft 5 in) thick.
The blockhouse rests on a platform cut out of the bedrock.
The ground floor of the blockhouse originally had three semi-circular gun-ports overlooking the sea and the estuary.
One of the gun-ports on the ground floor of the blockhouse has since been blocked up.
The first floor of the blockhouse had two more gun-ports.
One of the gun-ports on the first floor of the blockhouse is now filled in.
The first floor of the blockhouse had smaller windows that could have been used for smaller gunpowder weapons.
The building had a fireplace and chimney.
The building had a small guard chamber by the entrance.
The building was topped by a parapet walk.
The blockhouse overlooks the sea and the estuary from its position on a rocky outcrop.
The blockhouse is surrounded by cliffs.
The blockhouse is enclosed by a curtain wall.
The curtain wall encloses a semi-circular area around 500 square metres (5,400 sq ft) in size.
The curtain wall incorporates slits for firing muskets.
A rectangular bastion protects the rear of the blockhouse.
The internal dimensions of the rectangular bastion are 5.7 by 3.2 metres (19 by 10 ft).
The walls of the rectangular bastion are 0.75 metres (2 ft 6 in) thick.
The original pathway to the blockhouse was blocked by later work.
The current steps up to the blockhouse are of 19th-century origin.
A flat-roofed magazine was cut out of the rock just below the blockhouse in the 19th century.
A gun platform with two circular recesses for gun carriage rails was constructed below the blockhouse.
The gun platform is protected by a granite parapet.
The curtain wall was reworked in the 19th century.
The curtain wall is marked by plaques labelled "WD 1855."
The recesses and marks from the additional defences in the Second World War can still be seen in places along the gun platform.