Nemesis Inferno is a steel inverted roller coaster at the Thorpe Park theme park in Surrey, England, UK.
The layout of Nemesis Inferno was conceived and designed by John Wardley.
Bolliger & Mabillard built Nemesis Inferno.
Werner Stengel provided the layout calculations for Nemesis Inferno.
Werner Stengel has provided layout calculations for hundreds of roller coasters.
Bolliger & Mabillard built the related Nemesis inverted roller coaster at Alton Towers.
Nemesis and Nemesis Inferno are often compared.
Many people cite Nemesis as a superior ride compared to Nemesis Inferno.
Nemesis Inferno is 750 metres long.
The length of Nemesis Inferno is 2,460 feet.
Nemesis Inferno is themed around an erupting tropical volcano.
Nemesis Inferno stands 29 metres tall.
The height of Nemesis Inferno is 95 feet.
Nemesis Inferno features a top speed of 80 kilometres per hour.
The top speed of Nemesis Inferno is 50 miles per hour.
Nemesis Inferno features four inversions.
In 2002, Thorpe Park officially announced the addition of Nemesis Inferno in 2003.
Construction of Nemesis Inferno took place throughout 2002.
The first test run of Nemesis Inferno was completed in December 2002.
Nemesis Inferno officially opened to the public on 5 April 2003.
Nikki Nolan of The Tussauds Group stated that the ride was installed just one year after Colossus.
The installation of Nemesis Inferno aimed to help transform Thorpe Park into a real thrill park.
In 2004, Thorpe Park approached Guinness World Records to set the record for the "Most Naked People on a Rollercoaster."
In May 2004, 81 students took part in the record attempt.
The record for the "Most Naked People on a Rollercoaster" was set at 28.
The number of seats on a single Nemesis Inferno train is 28.
In August 2004, Nemesis at Alton Towers broke the record with 32 riders.
The roller coaster Nemesis Inferno was used on an episode of The Inbetweeners.
Nemesis Inferno features a top speed of 77 kilometres per hour.
The top speed of Nemesis Inferno is 48 miles per hour.
Nemesis Inferno features four inversions including a vertical loop.
Nemesis Inferno features a zero-g roll.
Nemesis Inferno features a set of interlocking corkscrews.
Riders of Nemesis Inferno experience up to 4.5 times the force of gravity.
The ride duration of Nemesis Inferno is nearly two minutes.
The reported cost of Nemesis Inferno is £8 million.
Nemesis Inferno operates with two steel and fiberglass trains.
Each train of Nemesis Inferno contains seven cars.
Each car of Nemesis Inferno seats four riders in a single row.
The total number of riders per train on Nemesis Inferno is 28.
Two seats on Nemesis Inferno have been modified to cater for larger riders.
Nemesis Inferno is themed around an erupting volcano.
The name of Nemesis Inferno suggests that it is related to the original Nemesis.
The original Nemesis is an inverted coaster installed at Alton Towers in 1994.
After leaving the station, the train of Nemesis Inferno takes a right-hand swing into a dark tunnel.
The train of Nemesis Inferno is shot with simulated fire in the dark tunnel.
The train of Nemesis Inferno makes a brief left turn before entering the lift hill.
The lift hill of Nemesis Inferno is 29 metres tall.
The lift hill of Nemesis Inferno is 95 feet tall.
At the top of the lift hill, the train of Nemesis Inferno takes a long left-swing drop into its first inversion.
The first inversion of Nemesis Inferno is a vertical loop to the right.
The first inversion of Nemesis Inferno is followed by a zero-g roll.
Riders experience a feeling of weightlessness during the zero-g roll on Nemesis Inferno.
The ride of Nemesis Inferno then turns to the right and enters the first of the interlocking corkscrews.
The ride of Nemesis Inferno enters a right-handed, over-banked turn after the first corkscrew.
The ride of Nemesis Inferno continues through the second of the interlocking corkscrews.
After a large right turn, the ride of Nemesis Inferno is followed by a sharp left turn.
The car of Nemesis Inferno begins to brake after the sharp left turn.
Following a small right turn, the car of Nemesis Inferno continues to the station.
In Mitch Hawker's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll, Nemesis Inferno entered at position 70 in 2003.
Nemesis Inferno peaked at position 51 in Mitch Hawker's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll in 2006.
The ride's ranking in subsequent polls is shown in a table.
Nemesis Inferno is commonly compared with its Alton Towers counterpart, Nemesis.
Many people cite Nemesis as the superior ride compared to Nemesis Inferno.
Nemesis has ranked favourably in Amusement Today's annual Golden Ticket Awards.
Nemesis is one of only seven roller coasters to appear in the top 50 steel roller coasters for all 15 years.
Nemesis Inferno has never made an appearance in Amusement Today's annual Golden Ticket Awards.
In Mitch Hawker's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll, Nemesis Inferno has an average ranking of 80.
In Mitch Hawker's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll, Nemesis has an average ranking of 6.
In a poll conducted by the Los Angeles Times, Nemesis received 37.93% of the vote for the title of best roller coaster in England.
In a poll conducted by the Los Angeles Times, Nemesis Inferno received 0.32% of the vote for the title of best roller coaster in England.
Jeremy Thompson of Roller Coaster Philosophy describes Nemesis as "a vastly superior ride" to Nemesis Inferno.
Jeremy Thompson describes Nemesis Inferno as "something a bit better" than his expectations.
Jeremy Thompson was "not sure if Nemesis Inferno was a particularly good ride or not."