Strobilurus tenacellus is commonly known as the pinecone cap.
Strobilurus tenacellus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Physalacriaceae.
Strobilurus tenacellus is found in Asia and Europe.
Strobilurus tenacellus grows on the fallen cones of pine and spruce trees.
The fruit bodies of Strobilurus tenacellus are small.
The caps of Strobilurus tenacellus are convex to flat.
The caps of Strobilurus tenacellus are reddish to brownish.
The caps of Strobilurus tenacellus can reach up to 15 mm (0.6 in) in diameter.
The stems of Strobilurus tenacellus can be up to 4 – 7.5 cm (1.6 – 3.0 in) long.
The stems of Strobilurus tenacellus have a rooting base.
A characteristic microscopic feature of Strobilurus tenacellus is the sharp, thin-walled cystidia found on the stipe, gills, and cap.
The mushrooms of Strobilurus tenacellus are sometimes described as edible.
The mushrooms of Strobilurus tenacellus are too small to be of culinary interest.
Strobilurus tenacellus releases compounds called strobilurins.
Strobilurins suppress the growth and development of other fungi.
Derivatives of strobilurins are used as an important class of agricultural fungicides.
Strobilurus tenacellus was first described as Agaricus tenacellus by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1796.
Strobilurus tenacellus was moved to the genera Collybia by Paul Kummer in 1803.
Strobilurus tenacellus was moved to the genus Marasmius by Jules Favre in 1939.
Strobilurus tenacellus was moved to the genus Pseudohiatula by Georges Métrod in 1952.
Rolf Singer transferred Strobilurus tenacellus to the genus Strobilurus in 1962.
The specific epithet tenacellus is a diminutive form of the Latin word tenax, meaning "tough."
The British Mycological Society recommends the common name "pinecone cap" for Strobilurus tenacellus.
James Edward Smith called Strobilurus tenacellus the "dark fir-cone Agaric" in his 1836 work The English Flora.
The cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is initially convex before flattening out.
The cap of Strobilurus tenacellus sometimes retains a small central papilla.
The cap of Strobilurus tenacellus sometimes develops a central depression.
The cap diameter of Strobilurus tenacellus reaches 5 – 15 mm (0.2 – 0.6 in).
The cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is smooth.
The cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is hygrophanous.
The cap of Strobilurus tenacellus has shallow radial grooves extending about halfway up the cap.
The color of the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is reddish to brownish.
The cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is often paler in the center than at the margin.
When dry, the color of the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus fades to greyish.
The gills of Strobilurus tenacellus are greyish-white.
The gills of Strobilurus tenacellus have a free to deeply emarginate attachment to the cap.
The gills of Strobilurus tenacellus are somewhat crowded together.
Strobilurus tenacellus has 20 – 25 gills.
Strobilurus tenacellus has 1 to 7 tiers of interspersed lamellulae.
The cylindrical stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus measures 4 – 7.5 cm (1.6 – 3.0 in) long.
The cylindrical stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus measures 0.5 – 2 mm thick.
The stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus has a root-like pseudorrhiza that extends into the substrate.
The upper stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus is yellowish-brown.
The lower stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus is dark orange-brown to reddish-brown.
The flesh of Strobilurus tenacellus has no odour.
The flesh of Strobilurus tenacellus usually has a bitter taste.
The fruit bodies of Strobilurus tenacellus are sometimes described as edible.
The fruit bodies of Strobilurus tenacellus are too small to be of culinary interest.
The spore print of Strobilurus tenacellus is white.
The spores of Strobilurus tenacellus are roughly elliptical to tear-shaped.
The dimensions of the spores of Strobilurus tenacellus are 5.0 – 7.5 by 2.4 – 4.0 μm.
The basidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are four-spored.
The basidia of Strobilurus tenacellus measure 20 – 40 by 7 – 11 μm.
The cheilocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are thin-walled.
The cheilocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are plentiful.
The cheilocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are spindle-shaped to somewhat flask-shaped with a sharp tip.
The cheilocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus measure 30 – 70 by 3 – 10 μm.
The pleurocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are similar in shape and size to the cheilocystidia.
The pleurocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are usually not quite as numerous as the cheilocystidia.
The cap cuticle of Strobilurus tenacellus is made of a hymeniderm of club-shaped to somewhat spherical cells.
The cap cuticle of Strobilurus tenacellus has cells measuring 8 – 25 by 7 – 20 μm.
The cap cuticle of Strobilurus tenacellus is mixed with flask-shaped pileocystidia.
The pileocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus measure 20 – 45 by 5 – 11 μm.
The hyphae of Strobilurus tenacellus lack clamp connections.
Strobilurus esculentus is similar in appearance to Strobilurus tenacellus.
Strobilurus stephanocystis is similar in appearance to Strobilurus tenacellus.
Strobilurus esculentus mushrooms have thin, sharp cap margins.
Strobilurus esculentus only fruits on fallen spruce cones.
Strobilurus stephanocystis has a yellow-brown to reddish-yellow cap.
The cap of Strobilurus stephanocystis is not hygrophanous.
Baeospora myosura is another small agaric that grows on pine and spruce cones.
Baeospora myosura fruits in autumn.
Strobilurus tenacellus is a saprobic wood-rotting fungus.
Strobilurus tenacellus fruits singly or in small groups.
Strobilurus tenacellus fruits on fallen and often partially buried cones of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris).
Strobilurus tenacellus fruits on fallen and often partially buried cones of European black pine (Pinus nigra).
Strobilurus tenacellus sometimes fruits on fallen and often partially buried cones of spruce (Picea).
Strobilurus tenacellus is found in coniferous and mixed forests.
Strobilurus tenacellus has been recorded in Japan.
Strobilurus tenacellus has been recorded in Jordan.
In Europe, Strobilurus tenacellus usually fruits from March to June.
The occurrence of Strobilurus tenacellus is occasional.
Two cyathane-like diterpenoids have been isolated and identified from the liquid culture of Strobilurus tenacellus.
The two cyathane-like diterpenoids are (12S)-11α, 14α-epoxy-13α, 14β, 15-trihydroxycyath-3-ene and (12R)-11α, 14α-epoxy-13α, 14β, 15-trihydroxycyath-3-ene.
The two cyathane-like diterpenoids inhibit the growth of certain tumor cells when grown in vitro.
Methanol-based extracts of Strobilurus tenacellus fruit bodies were shown to have low antibacterial activity against the bacterium Bacillus subtilis in a 2000 study.
Methanol-based extracts of Strobilurus tenacellus fruit bodies were shown to have low to moderate activity against the fungi Candida albicans and Aspergillus fumigatus in a 2000 study.
Strobilurus tenacellus produces the natural antibiotic strobilurin A.
Strobilurin A was reported as a novel compound from Strobilurus tenacellus in 1977.
Other strobilurins have been found in other basidiomycete wood-rotting fungi.
Strobilurin A is thought to be derived biosynthetically from the amino acid L-phenylalanine.
Strobilurus tenacellus secretes the chemical strobilurin A to prevent invasion by other fungi.
Strobilurin A works by blocking electron transfer in the mitochondria.
Strobilurin A stops respiration by binding to the ubihydroquinone oxidation center of the bc1 complex.
Strobilurin A prevents competing fungi from creating their own energy.
Strobilurin A inhibits the growth of competing fungi at the earliest stages of the life cycle.
Strobilurin A inhibits the growth of competing fungi at the spore germination stage.
Strobilurus tenacellus is resistant to its own chemical strobilurin A.
The ubihydroquinone of Strobilurus tenacellus has three amino acid residues that prevent strobilurins from binding.
Chemically unmodified strobilurins are not generally useful as fungicides for agricultural use due to their sensitivity to light.
Chemically unmodified strobilurins have high vapor pressures that cause them to rapidly disappear when applied to the surface of a leaf.
The strobilurin-derived compound azoxystrobin was first made commercially available in 1996.
Azoxystrobin was designed to overcome the limitations of chemically unmodified strobilurins.
Azoxystrobin is the world's biggest-selling fungicide.
Other commercial fungicides developed from strobilurins include Allegro and Brio (kresoxim-methyl).
Other commercial fungicides developed from strobilurins include Amistar.