" Asking 4 It " is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani.
" Asking 4 It " is from Gwen Stefani's third studio album, This Is What the Truth Feels Like.
This Is What the Truth Feels Like was released in 2016.
The song features guest vocals from American rapper Fetty Wap.
" Asking 4 It " was released on March 18, 2016.
" Asking 4 It " is the ninth track on This Is What the Truth Feels Like.
" Asking 4 It " was released by Interscope Records.
The track was written by Gwen Stefani, Justin Tranter, Julia Michaels, Tor Hermansen, Mikkel Eriksen, and Fetty Wap.
The track's production was handled by Stargate.
Tim Blacksmith and Danny D made additional production for the track.
" Asking 4 It " is a hip hop and trap influenced track.
Fetty Wap's rap verse is a clear indication of the hip hop and trap influence in " Asking 4 It ".
The song discusses someone’s doubts while in a relationship.
Gwen Stefani presumably refers to her recent divorce from husband Gavin Rossdale in " Asking 4 It ".
" Asking 4 It " received mixed reviews from music critics upon release.
Some critics labeled " Asking 4 It " as " trippy ".
Some critics labeled " Asking 4 It " as a " club stomper ".
Some critics called " Asking 4 It " " dated ".
Some critics questioned the " awkward " placement of " Asking 4 It " on the album.
Gwen Stefani scrapped any material worked on for her then upcoming third studio album after the lukewarm response to singles " Baby Don't Lie " and " Spark the Fire ".
Interscope Records approached Gwen Stefani to consider working with new songwriters and producers.
Gwen Stefani agreed to consider working with new songwriters and producers.
Gwen Stefani became interested in working with new collaborators during her recording sessions with Julia Michaels and Justin Tranter.
Gwen Stefani felt that Fetty Wap had " a voice with so much character ".
Gwen Stefani told her team that she wanted to collaborate with Fetty Wap.
Gwen Stefani was surprised the collaboration with Fetty Wap even happened due to scheduling conflicts.
Gwen Stefani experienced difficulty getting Fetty Wap into the studio.
Gwen Stefani had studio dates arranged for her collaboration with Fetty Wap.
Fetty Wap did not show up on Day One of the studio sessions.
Fetty Wap did not show up on Day Two of the studio sessions.
Fetty Wap did not show up on Day Three of the studio sessions.
Gwen Stefani wrote a song for her collaboration with Fetty Wap while in the studio.
Gwen Stefani sent the song she wrote to Fetty Wap.
Fetty Wap did not respond to the song Gwen Stefani sent him.
It was a miracle that the collaboration with Fetty Wap happened.
" Asking 4 It " was produced by Stargate.
Tim Blacksmith and Danny D handled additional production for " Asking 4 It ".
Mark " Spike " Stent mixed " Asking 4 It ".
Mike Anderson and Miles Walker handled recording and tracking for " Asking 4 It ".
Fetty Wap is the only featured artist on the album.
This Is What the Truth Feels Like became available for pre-order on iTunes Store on February 12, 2016.
" Asking 4 It " became available for purchase on March 18, 2016.
" Asking 4 It " has a length of three minutes and thirty seconds.
" Asking 4 It " has been described as a hip hop and trap song.
" Asking 4 It " is backed by a rapped verse by Fetty Wap.
A writer for Hitsync described " Asking 4 It " as a " bopping, hip hop tinged beat flecked with dancey synths ".
Chris Mench of Complex described the inclusion of Fetty Wap as Gwen Stefani " call [ ing ] upon one modern - day hit maker ".
Clara Hudson of The Daily Free Press called the inclusion of Fetty Wap " gimmicky ".
" Asking 4 It " discusses several topics, including a lover's doubts while in a relationship.
Gwen Stefani sings " You 're giving me truth and it 's such an unfamiliar subject " in " Asking 4 It ".
ET Online described Gwen Stefani's lyrics as " a sultry take on the uncertainty of a new romance ".
The song was inspired by Gwen Stefani's divorce from Bush lead singer Gavin Rossdale.
Gwen Stefani wrote several songs during her recording sessions to start " a new chapter in her life ".
Gwen Stefani stated that the majority of her recent studio work would discuss her breakup with Gavin Rossdale.
Billboard stated that the lyrics " Are you sure you wanna love me ? / I know that it 's a lot to handle me / But it is what it is / It 's all part of my broken history " were " ultra personal ".
Glenn Gamboa of Newsday stated that " ' Asking 4 It ' strikes at the heart of pop radio ".
Jillian Mapes of Pitchfork Media described " Asking 4 It " as " the album 's sole feature atop an unconvincing beat ".
Nicholaus James Jodlowski of Reporter felt that the album's " sound cools down a little ".
Nicholaus James Jodlowski of Reporter felt that " Asking 4 It " is still easy to dance to.
" Asking 4 It " received generally mixed reviews from contemporary music critics upon release.
Leonie Cooper of NME praised Gwen Stefani for her " nonchalant divorcée swagger " on " Asking 4 It ".
Leonie Cooper of NME called " Asking 4 It " a standout track on the album.
Mesfin Fekadu of The Washington Post called " Asking 4 It " a " high point ".
Mikael Wood of the Los Angeles Times favored " Asking 4 It ".
Mikael Wood of the Los Angeles Times labeled " Asking 4 It " as " trippy ".
Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly dubbed " Asking 4 It " as a " come - on disguised as [ a ] caution ".
Leah Greenblatt praised " Asking 4 It " for being a " stomper ".
Sal Cinquemani of Slant called " Asking 4 It " " dated ".
Sal Cinquemani of Slant called " Asking 4 It " " no more worthy of Gwen Stefani 's emotional exorcism than 2014 's stale ' Spark the Fire ' ".
Emily Blake of Mashable thought that " Asking 4 It " was " an out - of - place hip - hop track ".
Jordan Miller of BreatheHeavy felt that " Asking 4 It " was " vulnerable ".
Jordan Miller of BreatheHeavy unfavorably predicted that " Asking 4 It " will " probably become a single " in the future.
Daniel Bromfield of Pretty Much Amazing panned " Asking 4 It ".
Daniel Bromfield of Pretty Much Amazing enjoyed Fetty Wap's contribution to " Asking 4 It ".
Daniel Bromfield of Pretty Much Amazing thought " it 's tragic how completely [ Fetty Wap ] upstages Gwen Stefani ".
Daniel Bromfield of Pretty Much Amazing thought Fetty Wap showed emotion during his verse while Gwen Stefani did not.
" Asking 4 It " was recorded at Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles.
" Asking 4 It " was recorded at The Hide Out Studios in London.
Songs of Break Out My Cocoon LLC ( ASCAP ) manages " Asking 4 It ".
Emi April Music Inc. ( ASCAP ) manages " Asking 4 It ".
Songs of Warner - Tamerlane Publishing Corp. manages " Asking 4 It " on behalf of itself and Justin 's School For Girls ( BMI ).
Fetty Wap appears courtesy of 300 Records.
Credits for " Asking 4 It " are adapted from the liner notes of This Is What the Truth Feels Like.