Falklands '82 is a turn-based strategy video game.
Falklands '82 was released in 1986.
Falklands '82 was developed by Personal Software Services.
Falklands '82 was published by Personal Software Services.
Falklands '82 was released for the ZX Spectrum.
Falklands '82 was released for the Commodore 64.
Falklands '82 is the fifth installment of the Strategic Wargames series.
Falklands '82 is set during the 1982 Falklands War.
Falklands '82 revolves around the Argentine occupation of the Falkland Islands.
Falklands '82 revolves around the British re-capture of the Falkland Islands.
The player controls the British Task Force in Falklands '82.
The player must either defeat all Argentine forces on the Falkland Islands.
The player must re-capture every settlement in Falklands '82.
A port for the Amstrad CPC was advertised.
The Amstrad CPC port of Falklands '82 was never released.
The developers obtained information and statistics of the Falklands War from NATO.
Falklands '82 met with mixed reviews.
Critics praised the detailed graphics of Falklands '82.
Some critics were divided over the gameplay of Falklands '82.
Some critics criticized the authenticity of Falklands '82.
Others criticized the in-game potential of an Argentine victory in Falklands '82.
Falklands '82 focuses on land battles during the Falklands War.
The player commands the British Task Force against the Argentine ground forces.
The game begins by allocating fifteen Royal Navy ships for the task force.
A proportionate amount of Royal Navy ships must be devoted for attack purposes.
A proportionate amount of Royal Navy ships must be devoted for defense purposes.
The player must choose four landing spots in northern East Falkland.
The four landing spots are Port Stanley, Berkeley Sound, Cow Bay, and San Carlos Bay.
The SAS or SBS are available throughout the game.
The SAS or SBS provide intelligence on Argentine movements.
Intelligence on Argentine movements is limited.
Intelligence may only be collected a certain number of times.
The player may request reinforcements from either HMS Hermes or HMS Invincible.
The main objective of Falklands '82 is to defeat all occupying Argentine forces.
The main objective of Falklands '82 is to capture and hold all ten settlements of the Falklands simultaneously.
The game lasts 25 turns on one difficulty setting.
The game lasts 30 turns on another difficulty setting.
If every settlement has not been occupied, the game will end.
If any Argentine forces remain by the end of the last turn, the game will end.
The capital of the Falklands is Stanley.
Stanley has the highest concentration of Argentine forces.
Stanley is usually the last settlement to be captured.
There are four choices for combat in Falklands '82.
The four choices for combat are attack, move, pass, and "recce."
The game includes a weather system that changes every turn.
The weather system provides obstructions for various forces.
Stormy seas will temporarily render naval vessels unavailable.
Stormy seas will temporarily render troop reinforcements unavailable.
Fog will render both naval and air forces unavailable.
Argentine airstrikes will frequently sink Royal Navy ships.
The frequency of Argentine airstrikes depends on how many Royal Navy ships were initially allocated to defensive positions.
Argentine air forces will occasionally bomb British forces on the ground.
British forces on the ground are represented as animated sprites on the map.
The map displays terrain details, including rivers and mountains.
Troops situated on top of a mountain will receive a defensive bonus once attacked.
Troops situated on top of a mountain will move more slowly due to the steep terrain.
If the player chooses to enter an enemy-controlled zone, the move will instantly end.
Entering an enemy-controlled zone leaves the unit vulnerable to an Argentine attack.
Personal Software Services was founded in Coventry, England.
Gary Mays founded Personal Software Services.
Richard Cockayne founded Personal Software Services.
Personal Software Services was founded in November 1981.
Personal Software Services was known for creating games that revolved around historic war battles.
Personal Software Services created Theatre Europe.
Personal Software Services created Bismarck.
Personal Software Services created Battle of Britain.
Personal Software Services had a partnership with ERE Informatique.
Personal Software Services published localized versions of ERE Informatique's products in the United Kingdom.
The Strategic Wargames series was conceptualized in 1984.
Alan Steel conceptualized the Strategic Wargames series.
Alan Steel researched the upcoming game's topic during development.
Alan Steel passed on his findings to associates in Coventry and London.
In 1983, Personal Software Services was recognized as one of the top software houses in the United Kingdom.
Personal Software Services was a finalist for BBC Radio 4's New Business Enterprise Award in 1983.
Cockayne and Mays obtained statistics for the Cold War from NATO.
Cockayne and Mays obtained statistics for the Falklands War from the Soviet embassy in London.
Richard Cockayne stated that Theatre Europe received heavy criticism from the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament.
Richard Cockayne stated that Falklands '82 received heavy criticism from The Sun newspaper.
An editor from The Sunday Press suggested that Falklands '82 was distasteful.
The suggestion of distaste was due to the game's possibility of an Argentine victory.
The game was planned for an Amstrad CPC port.
In Spanish markets, the game was released as Malvinas '82.
Malvinas '82 is the Spanish name for the Falkland Islands.
Malvinas '82 included a manual that was never translated into English.
In 1986, Cockayne decided to alter products for release on 16-bit consoles.
Smaller 8-bit consoles lacked the processing power for larger strategy games.
The decision to alter products was falsely interpreted by Phillipa Irving.
Phillipa Irving falsely interpreted the decision as "pulling out" from the Spectrum market.
Personal Software Services experienced financial difficulties after years of successful sales.
Cockayne admitted in a retrospective interview that he took his eye off the ball.
Personal Software Services was acquired by Mirrorsoft in February 1987.
Personal Software Services was dispossessed due to debt.
The game received mostly positive reviews from critics upon release.
Rachael Smith of Your Sinclair praised the overall experience of the gameplay.
Rachael Smith stated that the gameplay was ideal for newcomers.
Rachael Smith stated that the gameplay plays smooth.
Rachael Smith criticized the gameplay for being annoyingly slow at times.
Sean Masterson of Crash criticized the gameplay.
Sean Masterson stated that the gameplay fails to offer a serious challenge.
Sean Masterson stated that the gameplay prohibits the player from experimenting with choices.
The choices prohibited by the gameplay are choices that real commanders never had.
A reviewer from Sinclair User praised the gameplay.
A reviewer from Sinclair User stated that the gameplay was swift.
A reviewer from Sinclair User stated that the gameplay had nice touches for beginners.
A reviewer from Sinclair User sarcastically remarked that the inability to play on the Argentine side would help improve Anglo-Argentinian relations.
A reviewer from Zzap! 64 criticized the game's lack of authenticity.
A reviewer from Zzap! 64 criticized the game's lack of strategy.
A reviewer from Zzap! 64 stated that the developer's previous games had more credence.
A reviewer from ZX Computing heralded the graphics and details of the map.
A reviewer from ZX Computing suggested that hardened wargamers would not be interested in graphical advancements.
A reviewer from Computer Gamer praised the game's simplicity.
A reviewer from Computer Gamer stated that it was a simple game.
A reviewer from Computer Gamer stated that it would prove to be an excellent introduction to the wargame strategy genre.
Tim Stone of Rock, Paper, Shotgun praised the game's ability to display the war in a neutral manner.
Tim Stone questioned the inability to play on the Argentine side.
Tim Stone concluded that the game had greater significance over other war strategy games.
Tim Stone concluded that the game had undeniable quality.
The Sun newspaper criticized Falklands '82 for including a scenario where Argentina could win.
Cockayne maintained that his company's video games did not trivialize the war.