Mycena cinerella is commonly known as the mealy bonnet.
Mycena cinerella is an inedible species of mushroom.
Mycena cinerella belongs to the family Mycenaceae.
Mycena cinerella is found in Europe.
Mycena cinerella is found in the United States.
Mycena cinerella grows in groups on fallen leaves.
Mycena cinerella grows on needles under pine.
Mycena cinerella grows on needles under Douglas fir.
The small grayish mushrooms have caps that are up to 1.5 cm wide.
The small grayish mushrooms have stipes that are 5 cm long.
The small grayish mushrooms have stipes that are 2.5 mm thick.
The gills of Mycena cinerella are grayish-white.
The gills of Mycena cinerella are adnate.
The gills of Mycena cinerella have a "tooth" that runs slightly down the stipe.
Mycena cinerella has both two-spored and four-spored basidia.
Mycena cinerella smells mealy.
Mycena cinerella was first called Agaricus cinerellus by Finnish mycologist Petter Karsten in 1879.
Petter Karsten transferred Mycena cinerella to the genus Mycena in 1879.
Jakob Emanuel Lange referred Mycena cinerella to the genus Omphalia in 1936.
Omphalia cinerea (P. Karst.) J.E. Lange is now a synonym of Mycena cinerella.
Hintikka named and described Mycena cineroides as a new species distinct from Mycena cinerella in 1963.
Hintikka thought Mycena cineroides to be unique due to its narrowly acute cap.
Mycena cineroides lacks brownish or yellowish tones.
Mycena cineroides has decurrent gills.
Mycena cineroides has two-spored basidia.
Intermediate forms of Mycena cineroides have been found.
Some authorities believe Mycena cineroides should be treated as a synonym of Mycena cinerella.
The mushroom is commonly known as the "mealy bonnet."
The specific epithet cinerella means "somewhat ashy color."
The cap of Mycena cinerella is white and small.
The diameter of the cap of Mycena cinerella typically ranges from 0.5 to 1.5 cm.
The cap of Mycena cinerella is initially hemispherical.
The cap of Mycena cinerella is obtusely conic.
The cap of Mycena cinerella is convex.
The cap of Mycena cinerella expands during maturity.
The cap of Mycena cinerella develops visible grooves on the surface.
The visible grooves on the cap of Mycena cinerella correspond to the gills underneath the cap.
The cap of Mycena cinerella has a broad, flattened umbo.
The cap surface of Mycena cinerella is smooth and moist.
The cap margin of Mycena cinerella is initially pressed against the stipe.
The cap margin of Mycena cinerella becomes notched with age.
The cap margin of Mycena cinerella sometimes becomes scalloped.
The cap margin of Mycena cinerella turns translucent.
The cap color of Mycena cinerella is dark gray to pale gray.
The cap of Mycena cinerella is somewhat hygrophanous.
The cap of Mycena cinerella fades to ashy white or brown when dry.
The flesh of Mycena cinerella is thin.
The flesh of Mycena cinerella is gray.
The flesh of Mycena cinerella is cartilaginous.
The flesh of Mycena cinerella is tough.
The flesh of Mycena cinerella has a strongly farinaceous odor.
The flesh of Mycena cinerella has a strongly farinaceous taste if crushed or chewed.
The gills of Mycena cinerella are whitish to grayish.
The gills of Mycena cinerella are moderately broad, measuring 2 – 3 mm.
The spacing of the gills of Mycena cinerella is close to subdistant.
The gills of Mycena cinerella reach the stipe, numbering 18 – 26.
The gills of Mycena cinerella are interspersed with two or three tiers of lamellae.
The lamellae of Mycena cinerella do not extend fully from the cap margin to the stipe.
The stipe attachment of Mycena cinerella is adnate or arcuate.
The stipe of Mycena cinerella develops a pronounced decurrent tooth.
The decurrent tooth of Mycena cinerella occasionally separates from the stipe.
The decurrent tooth of Mycena cinerella occasionally forms a collar around the stipe.
The stipe of Mycena cinerella is 2 – 5 cm long.
The stipe of Mycena cinerella is 1 – 2.5 mm thick.
The stipe of Mycena cinerella is equal in width throughout.
The stipe of Mycena cinerella is hollow.
The stipe of Mycena cinerella is cartilaginous.
The stipe of Mycena cinerella is brittle.
The stipe surface of Mycena cinerella is smooth or polished.
The apex of the stipe of Mycena cinerella is initially faintly pruinose.
The base of the stipe of Mycena cinerella is sparsely covered with sharp, straight, stiff hairs.
The base of the stipe of Mycena cinerella is the same color as the cap or paler.
Mycena cinerella is inedible.
The spores of Mycena cinerella measure 7 – 9 by 4 – 5 μm.
The spores of Mycena cinerella are ellipsoid.
The spores of Mycena cinerella are smooth.
The spores of Mycena cinerella are amyloid.
The reaction of the spores of Mycena cinerella is very weak in some collections.
The basidia of Mycena cinerella are four-spored.
The basidia of Mycena cinerella are occasionally a combination of two-spored and four-spored.
The four-spored forms of Mycena cinerella have clamp connections.
The two-spored forms of Mycena cinerella lack clamp connections.
The pleurocystidia of Mycena cinerella are not differentiated.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella are embedded in the hymenium.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella are inconspicuous.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella measure 22 – 36 by 5 – 11 μm.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella are roughly filiform.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella have numerous contorted branches or protuberances.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella are club-shaped with finger-like prolongations.
The flesh of the gills of Mycena cinerella is homogenous.
The flesh of the gills of Mycena cinerella turns vinaceous-brown when stained in iodine.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena cinerella has a well-differentiated pellicle.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena cinerella has a differentiated but not very well-developed hypoderm.
The hyphae of Mycena cinerella are 10 – 20 μm wide.
Mycena cinerella is a saprobic fungus.
Mycena cinerella derives nutrients by decomposing leaf litter.
Mycena cinerella derives nutrients by decomposing similar detritus.
Mycena cinerella converts leaf litter and similar detritus to humus.
Mycena cinerella mineralizes organic matter in the soil.
The fruit bodies of Mycena cinerella grow in groups on needles.
Mycena cinerella typically grows under pine.
Mycena cinerella typically grows under Douglas fir.
Mycena cinerella typically grows in the late summer.
Mycena cinerella typically grows in autumn.
Mycena cinerella has been collected from Michigan.
Mycena cinerella has been collected from Washington.
Mycena cinerella has been collected from Oregon.
Mycena cinerella has been collected from California.
Mycena cinerella has been collected from Great Britain.
Mycena cinerella has been collected from Norway.
Mycena cinerella has been collected from Poland.
Mycena cinerella has been collected from Sweden.