Hurricane Nate was an Atlantic hurricane that threatened Bermuda.
Hurricane Nate remained at sea during early September 2005.
Hurricane Nate was the fourteenth named storm of the annual Atlantic hurricane season.
Hurricane Nate was the seventh hurricane of the annual Atlantic hurricane season.
Hurricane Nate formed southwest of Bermuda on September 5.
Hurricane Nate initially moved very slowly to the northeast.
Early forecasts suggested a possible threat to Bermuda.
Hurricane Nate passed well to the south of Bermuda as a Category 1 hurricane on September 8.
Hurricane Nate entered a region with cooler sea surface temperatures after moving away from Bermuda.
Hurricane Nate encountered unfavorable wind shear after moving away from Bermuda.
Hurricane Nate weakened to a tropical storm before becoming extratropical on September 10.
The extratropical remnant of Hurricane Nate was later absorbed by a larger weather system.
Hurricane Nate caused no structural damage while it was a tropical storm.
Hurricane Nate generated rip currents that killed one person off the New Jersey coast.
Hurricane Nate dropped light rainfall on the island of Bermuda.
Hurricane Nate produced gusty winds on the island of Bermuda.
The remnants of Hurricane Nate contributed to heavy rainfall in parts of Scotland.
The remnants of Hurricane Nate contributed to heavy rainfall in Western Norway.
Heavy rainfall in Western Norway triggered a mudslide that killed one person.
Canadian Navy ships en route to the US Gulf Coast were delayed while trying to avoid Hurricane Nate.
Canadian Navy ships were carrying relief supplies to assist in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
A tropical wave emerged from the west coast of Africa on August 30.
The tropical wave tracked westward across the Atlantic Ocean.
The tropical wave maintained a vigorous area of convection along the wave axis.
By September 1, most of the deep convection had been stripped away by southwesterly wind shear.
The tropical wave remained well-defined as it continued west-northwest.
The tropical wave split into two pieces.
The northern portion of the tropical wave passed between the Leeward Islands and Hurricane Maria on September 3.
The southern portion of the tropical wave moved into the Caribbean Sea.
On September 4, the northern portion of the tropical wave began to interact with an upper-level low pressure system.
The upper-level low pressure system was located between Bermuda and the Leeward Islands.
The same trough that contributed to the development of Hurricane Ophelia interacted with the northern portion of the tropical wave.
The low wind shear caused convection to redevelop and organize along the wave axis.
Convective banding formed around a broad surface low.
The system developed into a tropical depression at 1800 UTC on September 5.
At the time of development, the system was located approximately 350 miles (560 km) to the south-southwest of Bermuda.
Tropical Depression Fifteen developed deep convection close to the center of circulation.
Tropical Depression Fifteen developed deep convection to the east of the center of circulation.
Banding features became better organized after Tropical Depression Fifteen was designated.
The overall cloud pattern improved later on September 5.
Thunderstorm activity condensed and deepened within the increasingly well-defined circulation.
Tropical Depression Fifteen intensified into a tropical storm just six hours after being designated.
The National Hurricane Center gave the name Nate to the tropical storm.
Tropical Storm Nate drifted slowly northeastward towards Bermuda over the following two days.
In the early hours of September 6, Tropical Storm Nate became quasi-stationary.
Tropical Storm Nate became quasi-stationary under a weak steering pattern between Hurricane Maria and a disturbance over The Bahamas.
Satellite imagery indicated that the cloud pattern continued to organize around Tropical Storm Nate.
Excellent outflow surrounded Tropical Storm Nate.
A developing banding eye feature became evident late on September 6.
Tropical Storm Nate strengthened further and became a hurricane at 1200 UTC on September 7.
Tropical Storm Nate began to turn away from Bermuda after becoming a hurricane.
Some models indicated that Hurricane Nate could have been either absorbed by or merged with Hurricane Maria.
The National Hurricane Center forecast that Hurricane Nate would survive as a separate system.
Hurricane Nate reached its peak intensity of 90 mph (145 km/h) late on September 8.
Hurricane Nate passed 120 miles (205 km) southeast of Bermuda at peak intensity.
The strongest winds of Hurricane Nate remained well offshore.
While at peak intensity, Hurricane Nate maintained a well-organized convective pattern.
Increasing wind shear and dry air caused Hurricane Nate to weaken back into a tropical storm later on September 9.
Satellite imagery showed that the cloud pattern of Hurricane Nate began to rapidly deteriorate.
Hurricane Nate was downgraded to a tropical storm at 1800 UTC on September 9.
Hurricane Nate continued to weaken as wind shear increased in association with an approaching trough.
Hurricane Nate continued to weaken as wind shear increased in association with a related cold front.
By late on September 9, all of the already limited convective activity was confined to the eastern semicircle.
The low-level center of Hurricane Nate was left exposed by late on September 9.
Hurricane Nate was reduced to a swirl of low-level clouds just hours later.
Hurricane Nate became extratropical the next day.
Hurricane Nate became absorbed by a larger system by 0000 UTC on September 13.
Hurricane Nate was located to the north-northeast of the Azores when it became absorbed.
A tropical storm watch was issued for Bermuda early on September 7.
A tropical storm warning superseded the tropical storm watch later on September 7.
A hurricane watch superseded the tropical storm warning later on September 7.
The storm did not land on Bermuda.
The warnings for Bermuda were canceled as the storm moved away on September 8.
Four cruise ships left Bermuda early.
Flights were canceled in anticipation of Hurricane Nate.
At 0400 UTC on September 8, the National Hurricane Center assessed a 34% chance that Hurricane Nate would pass within 75 miles (121 km) of Bermuda.
The outer bands of Hurricane Nate brushed Bermuda with sustained winds of 35 mph (55 km/h).
The outer bands of Hurricane Nate produced widespread showers in Bermuda.
Gusts from Hurricane Nate peaked at roughly 50 mph (80 km/h).
Less than 1 inch (25 mm) of rain was recorded at Bermuda International Airport.
The Bermuda Weather Service observed that Bermuda did not experience the worst-case scenario with Hurricane Nate.
There were no fatalities as a result of Hurricane Nate in Bermuda.
No damage was reported in Bermuda as a result of Hurricane Nate.
Two ships reported tropical storm-force winds in association with Hurricane Nate.
The Maersk New Orleans reported tropical storm-force winds to the north of Hurricane Nate's center.
A ship with the call sign WCZ858 reported tropical storm-force winds to the east-southeast of Hurricane Nate.
Rip currents from Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria killed one person in New Jersey.
Rip currents from Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria injured another person in New Jersey.
Several others were caught in rip currents in New Jersey but were able to escape.
Hurricane Nate contributed to heightened seas in the Carolinas.
Hurricane Nate contributed to heightened seas in combination with Hurricane Ophelia.
Hurricane Nate contributed to heightened seas in combination with persistent unrelated northeasterly winds.
A buoy just offshore Cape Fear recorded waves up to 12 ft (3.7 m).
Tropical energy from the remnants of Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria merged to form a broad storm system.
The broad storm system tracked toward parts of Europe.
The mid-latitude cyclone produced a day of heavy rains across the Scottish Highlands.
The heavy rains across the Scottish Highlands included a 24-hour precipitation total of 5.17 in (131 mm) on the Isle of Skye.
The storm dropped torrential rainfall over Western Norway.
The region of Western Norway suffered extensive flooding and mudslides.
One mudslide in Western Norway killed one person.
Nine more people were injured in the mudslides in Western Norway.
The remnants of Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria avoided England.
The remnants of Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria broke a streak of above-average temperatures in England.
The remnants of Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria filtered down much cooler Arctic air into England.
The influx of cooler Arctic air led to the first frost of the winter season in England.
Temperatures down to −1.7 °C (28.9 °F) were recorded in England following the influx of cooler air.
Readings below freezing were recorded as far south as Hertfordshire.
Four Canadian Navy ships headed to the Gulf Coast of the United States.
The Canadian Navy ships were carrying relief supplies to help in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
The Canadian Navy ships were slowed down while trying to avoid Hurricanes Nate and Ophelia.
The convoy of Canadian Navy ships included a destroyer.
The convoy of Canadian Navy ships included two frigates.
The convoy of Canadian Navy ships included an icebreaker.
The convoy of Canadian Navy ships developed a plan to travel between Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Ophelia.
The plan was developed to minimize damage to the cargo of the Canadian Navy ships.
Crews of the Canadian Navy ships anticipated potentially rough seas and gusty winds even with the averted course.
Crews of the Canadian Navy ships secured onboard supplies such as generators.
Crews of the Canadian Navy ships secured onboard supplies such as chainsaws.
Crews of the Canadian Navy ships secured onboard supplies such as diapers.
Crews of the Canadian Navy ships secured onboard supplies such as cots.
The genesis of Tropical Storm Nate continued the unprecedented levels of tropical activity during the 2005 hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Nate developed on September 5.
Tropical Storm Nate was the earliest in any season that the fourteenth named tropical cyclone formed.
Tropical Storm Nate surpassed the previous record held by an unnamed storm during the 1936 season.