Barmouth Bridge is a single-track largely wooden railway viaduct.
Barmouth Bridge carries the Cambrian Coast Railway across the River Mawddach estuary.
Barmouth Bridge is located on the coast of Cardigan Bay, Wales.
Barmouth Bridge sits between Morfa Mawddach and Barmouth in Gwynedd.
Barmouth Bridge caters for rail, foot, and cycle traffic.
Barmouth Bridge opened in 1867.
Barmouth Bridge originally included a drawbridge section at its north end.
The drawbridge section of Barmouth Bridge was replaced by a swing bridge section.
In 1980, woodworm threatened the safety of Barmouth Bridge.
Barmouth Bridge needed major repairs to avoid closure in 1980.
Tolls were collected for foot and cycle traffic on Barmouth Bridge until 2013.
Barmouth Bridge is a Grade II* listed structure.
Barmouth Bridge has one of the longest timber viaducts still in regular use in Britain.
Barmouth Bridge crosses the estuary of the River Mawddach from Morfa Mawddach to the edge of Barmouth.
The line operated by Arriva Trains Wales connects south to Aberystwyth.
The line operated by Arriva Trains Wales connects east to Welshpool and Shrewsbury.
The section containing Barmouth Bridge is on the Cambrian Coast railway.
Barmouth Bridge is about 699 metres long.
Barmouth Bridge contains 113 wooden trestles.
Barmouth Bridge is supported by a series of cast iron piers.
A footbridge is incorporated on the eastern side of Barmouth Bridge.
Pedestrians, cyclists, and motorcycles can cross the estuary by the side of the track on Barmouth Bridge.
Since 1996, the footbridge has formed part of the National Cycle Route linking North and South Wales.
The footbridge is owned by Network Rail.
Gwynedd County Council pays for 10% of the annual maintenance of the footbridge.
Gwynedd County Council has a licence to use the footbridge.
Most of Barmouth Bridge is built on a gravel bed covered by shifting sand.
The north end of Barmouth Bridge is next to the rock of Figle Fawr.
The river channel near the north end of Barmouth Bridge can flow up to 9 knots.
The first two spans of Barmouth Bridge are built directly onto the rock.
There is no nearby crossing for road traffic.
The nearest crossing for road traffic spanning the Afon Mawddach is a toll bridge at Penmaenpool.
The toll bridge at Penmaenpool is about 5 miles further upstream from Barmouth.
The toll bridge at Penmaenpool permits vehicles up to 2.5 tonnes.
Heavier vehicles must use the first public road bridge at Dolgellau.
The first public road bridge at Dolgellau is about 10 miles from Barmouth.
Barmouth Bridge was first proposed as part of the Cambrian Line around 1861-1862.
Barmouth Bridge was designed by Benjamin Piercy and Henry Conybeare in 1864.
Barmouth Bridge opened on 10 October 1867.
Benjamin Piercy and Henry Conybeare decided to construct Barmouth Bridge from timber.
Timber was cheaper to import by sea than iron for the construction of Barmouth Bridge.
Barmouth Bridge included a wooden lifting drawbridge section at the northern end.
The wooden lifting drawbridge section of Barmouth Bridge was never in regular use.
The opening of the railway killed off competition from boat traffic.
In 1899, the drawbridge arrangement of Barmouth Bridge was changed to a swing bridge arrangement.
The swing bridge arrangement of Barmouth Bridge is still theoretically in operation.
The swing bridge of Barmouth Bridge has not been opened since 1987.
In 1946, Barmouth Bridge was nearly destroyed by a live naval mine.
The live naval mine did not detonate when it swept one of the pillars of Barmouth Bridge.
Passenger train services over Barmouth Bridge declined significantly after 1965.
The Ruabon to Barmouth line via Llangollen and Dolgellau was closed in 1965.
All traffic was rerouted to take the longer and slower route from Shrewsbury via Machynlleth and Dovey Junction after 1965.
The old trackbed from Morfa Mawddach railway station to Dolgellau now forms the Mawddach Trail.
The Mawddach Trail is a walk and cycle trail.
By 1980, Barmouth Bridge's structure had come under attack from marine woodworm.
Marine woodworm threatened the closure of Barmouth Bridge in 1980.
British Rail discovered that woodworm had eaten into 69 of the supporting pillars of Barmouth Bridge.
British Rail estimated it would cost £2.5 million to repair Barmouth Bridge.
Locomotive-hauled trains were banned from Barmouth Bridge in 1980.
The ban on locomotive-hauled trains resulted in the loss of traffic from Tywyn.
The loss of traffic from Tywyn included explosives traffic to and from the factory at Penrhyndeudraeth.
Explosives traffic was rerouted via Maentwrog Road railway station and the Conwy Valley Line.
Gwynedd County Council opposed closing Barmouth Bridge completely.
40% of all railway traffic in the area was tourist-related according to Gwynedd County Council.
The government applied for a £2.5 million grant from the EEC to repair Barmouth Bridge.
A further £4.6 million was spent on improving the signalling of Barmouth Bridge.
Barmouth Bridge was closed entirely to traffic for six months during temporary repair works.
30 of the piles of Barmouth Bridge were replaced during the repairs.
On 13 April 1986, a British Rail Class 37 37427 was named "Bont Y Bermo."
The naming of the British Rail Class 37 37427 celebrated the re-introduction of locomotive-hauled trains.
The re-introduction of locomotive-hauled trains occurred following repairs in 1985-1986.
Following major repairs, the weight restriction on Barmouth Bridge was relaxed in 2005.
Locomotive-hauled trains have again been allowed to cross Barmouth Bridge since 2005.
In March 2013, the Barmouth Viaduct Access Group (B-VAG) was established.
The Barmouth Viaduct Access Group was established to investigate an alternative route from the town centre to Barmouth Bridge.
The current walkway to Barmouth Bridge is steep, narrow, and unsuitable for buggies or wheelchairs.
In June 2013, the toll was removed from Barmouth Bridge.
The collectors of the toll left and were not replaced in June 2013.
Gwynedd County Council has not yet decided how to pay for the maintenance costs of Barmouth Bridge.
The maintenance costs of Barmouth Bridge were £39,405 for the year.
The revenue collected from tolls has not been sufficient to cover Gwynedd County Council's share of costs.
There is not a sufficient budget to employ any full-time staff to collect payments for Barmouth Bridge.
Gwynedd County Council has proposed closing Barmouth Bridge to pedestrians and cyclists for cost reasons.
Gwynedd County Council needs to find £9 million worth of savings by April 2016.
The potential closure of Barmouth Bridge is one of over 100 cost-saving options.
The cost-saving options total £13 million to be put to a public consultation in Autumn 2015.
Gwynedd County Council currently pays Network Rail £30,800 per year towards maintenance costs.
A petition calling on Gwynedd County Council to cease considerations of closing Barmouth Bridge attracted 20,000 signatures within a week.
In February 2016, it was reported that Barmouth Bridge would not close.