"Si Una Vez" is a song recorded by American recording artist Selena for her fourth studio album, Amor Prohibido (1994).
Pete Astudillo wrote "Si Una Vez."
A.B. Quintanilla produced "Si Una Vez."
"Si Una Vez" is a mariachi fusion song.
"Si Una Vez" draws influence from cumbia music.
"Si Una Vez" draws influence from Latin dance music.
Selena questions why she ever fell in love with an abusive partner in "Si Una Vez."
Selena states she will never repeat her mistakes in "Si Una Vez."
The lyrics of "Si Una Vez" suggest unrequited love.
The lyrics of "Si Una Vez" suggest female empowerment.
"Si Una Vez" received positive reviews from music critics.
Music critics found "Si Una Vez" to showcase Selena's vocal abilities.
The Broadcast Music Inc. recognized "Si Una Vez" as the Single of the Year at the 1996 BMI Pop Awards.
Many musicians have recorded "Si Una Vez."
Alicia Villareal recorded "Si Una Vez."
Ivy Queen recorded "Si Una Vez."
Girl in a Coma recorded "Si Una Vez."
Manny Manuel recorded "Si Una Vez."
Manny Manuel's version of "Si Una Vez" peaked at number one on the United States Billboard Tropical Songs chart.
Manny Manuel's version of "Si Una Vez" ended 1995 as the fourteenth most successful U.S. tropical song.
Pete Astudillo was a backup dancer and vocalist for Selena y Los Dinos.
A.B. Quintanilla co-wrote "Si Una Vez."
Bebu Silvetti served as a producer for "Si Una Vez."
Ricky Vela retold in a 2002 interview that the band hired a professional trumpist to record parts of "Si Una Vez."
"Si Una Vez" is a Spanish-language mariachi fusion track.
Deborah Paredez called "Si Una Vez" as having punk music undertones.
A.B. Quintanilla spoke in 2002 about how Amor Prohibido was experimental music-heavy.
A.B. Quintanilla commented that "Si Una Vez" was an example of his ideas of keeping the band's image modern.
"Si Una Vez" makes use of the Guitarrón guitar under a cumbia beat.
"Si Una Vez" is written in the key of D minor.
"Si Una Vez" is played in a moderate groove of 84 beats per minute.
"Si Una Vez" incorporates music from several musical instruments, including the piano and guitar.
Selena reminisces about her failed relationship in "Si Una Vez."
Selena wonders why she ever fell in love with an abusive partner in "Si Una Vez."
Selena vows to never allow a man like her abusive partner back into her life in "Si Una Vez."
"Si Una Vez" was named by the Latin Times as one of the top-ten best karaoke songs sung in Spanish.
Maria Valdez called "Si Una Vez" "fun."
Maria Valdez found "Si Una Vez" especially enjoyable when running into a former partner at a karaoke party.
Nathan Cone said "Si Una Vez" resonates best with South Texas.
David Browne commented on Selena's vocals as being "full-throated, warbling."
David Browne stated that Selena's vocals in "Si Una Vez" recall Lydia Mendoza.
A New University writer found "Si Una Vez" to showcase Selena's passion with her vocals.
Selena performed "Si Una Vez" on March 19, 1995, during the Calle Ocho Festival in Miami.
The Calle Ocho Festival attracted over 100,000 fans.
Selena was shot and killed by Yolanda Saldívar on March 31, 1995.
Yolanda Saldívar was Selena's friend and former manager of Selena Etc. clothing boutiques.
Selena's performance of "Si Una Vez" during her Houston Astrodome concert on February 26, 1995, was emulated by Jennifer Lopez.
Jennifer Lopez emulated Selena's performance for her role as Selena in the 1997 biopic film about Selena.
"Si Una Vez" is considered by Billboard magazine to be one of Selena's signature songs.
Terra named "Si Una Vez" as one of Selena's most famous works.
Terra listed "El Chico del Apartamento 512," "Amor Prohibido," and "Fotos y Recuerdos" as other famous works of Selena.
The Broadcast Music, Inc. recognized "Si Una Vez" at the BMI Pop Music Awards as Single of the Year in 1996.
Mary Boquitas recorded "Si Una Vez" for the tribute album Mexico Recuerda a Selena (2005).
Alicia Villareal performed and recorded "Si Una Vez" for the live televised tribute concert Selena ¡VIVE! in April 2005.
Ivy Queen covered "Si Una Vez" for her fifth studio album Flashback (2005).
Ivy Queen felt honored to cover one of Selena's songs.
Ivy Queen chose to cover "Si Una Vez" because she found it identifiable to her.
Ivy Queen chose to cover "Si Una Vez" because of the song's message.
Jonathan Widran of AllMusic called Ivy Queen's version a "reggaetón-ed up twist."
Girl in a Coma recorded a punk cover of "Si Una Vez" in 2010.
Girl in a Coma decided to record "Si Una Vez" because it was their favorite recording of Selena.
Girl in a Coma performed "Si Una Vez" live during the 2010 Tejano Music Awards as a homage to Selena.
A.B.'s band Kumbia All-Starz performed their version of "Si Una Vez" during their tour for La Vida De Un Genio (2010) in Bolivia.
Kali Uchis performed "Si Una Vez" at the 2015 SXSW festival.
Vibe magazine found Kali Uchis' performance of "Si Una Vez" to have given them "shivers."
Manny Manuel covered "Si Una Vez" on his debut album, El Rey de Corazones (1995).
"Si Una Vez" was Manny Manuel's most successful single off of the El Rey de Corazones album.
"Si Una Vez" debuted at number 29 on the United States Billboard Hot Latin Tracks chart.
"Si Una Vez" debuted at number three on the U.S. Tropical Songs chart.
"Si Una Vez" rose to number 22 on the Hot Latin Songs chart the following week.
"Si Una Vez" rose to number two on the Tropical Songs chart the following week.
On October 14, 1995, "Si Una Vez" climbed to number 21 on the Hot Latin Songs chart.
On October 14, 1995, "Si Una Vez" fell to number four on the Tropical Songs chart.
In its fourth week, "Si Una Vez" jumped to number 18 on the Hot Latin Songs chart.
In its fourth week, "Si Una Vez" rose to number three on the Tropical Songs chart.
Despite increased airplay spins, "Si Una Vez" fell to number 20 on the Hot Latin Songs chart.
On November 11, 1995, "Si Una Vez" peaked at number one on the Tropical Songs chart for one week.
"Si Una Vez" received airplay honors on the week it peaked at number one on the Tropical Songs chart.
All credits were taken from the album's liner notes.