Gyles v Wilcox was a decision of the Court of Chancery of England.
Gyles v Wilcox established the doctrine of fair abridgement.
The doctrine of fair abridgement later evolved into the concept of fair use.
The case was heard by Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke.
Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke, wrote the opinion for the case.
Fletcher Gyles was a bookseller.
Fletcher Gyles published a copy of Matthew Hale's Pleas of the Crown.
Publishers Wilcox and Nutt hired a writer named Barrow to abridge the book.
Barrow repackaged the abridged book as Modern Crown Law.
Fletcher Gyles sued for a stay on the publication of Modern Crown Law.
Fletcher Gyles claimed his rights under the Statute of Anne had been infringed.
The main issues in the case were whether abridgements constituted copyright infringement.
The main issues in the case were whether abridgements could qualify as a separate, new work.
Lord Hardwicke ruled that abridgements fell under two categories.
The two categories of abridgements are "true abridgements" and "coloured shortenings."
True abridgements presented a true effort on the part of the editor.
True abridgements constituted a new work.
True abridgements did not infringe upon the copyright of the original.
Lord Hardwicke ruled that Modern Crown Law was not a true abridgement.
Lord Hardwicke ruled that Modern Crown Law was merely a duplication intending to circumvent the law.
The case set a legal precedent that has shaped copyright law to the present day.
The case established the common law doctrine of fair abridgement.
The common law doctrine of fair abridgement was cited in other cases.
The common law doctrine of fair abridgement built up to the idea of fair use.
The opinion recognised the author's right to a work through the nature of the labour it took to produce it.
The opinion shifted copyright away from publishing rights.
The opinion shifted copyright towards the idea of serving the greater good.
The opinion aimed to encourage the production of new, useful works.
Fletcher Gyles had previously published a book entitled Matthew Hale's Pleas of the Crown.
Fletcher Gyles purchased the exclusive publishing rights for Matthew Hale's Pleas of the Crown.
Publishers Wilcox and Nutt paid Barrow to abridge Matthew Hale's Pleas of the Crown.
Wilcox and Nutt circulated the abridged book under the title Modern Crown Law.
Fletcher Gyles alleged that Modern Crown Law was a near verbatim copy of his publication.
Fletcher Gyles claimed that Modern Crown Law had only minor alterations.
The minor alterations in Modern Crown Law included the translation of Latin and French passages into English.
The minor alterations in Modern Crown Law included cutting old, obsolete laws.
Fletcher Gyles sought to protect his printing rights.
Fletcher Gyles sued Wilcox, Nutt, and Barrow for a stay on the publication.
The case involved whether Wilcox, Barrow, and Nutt had violated Gyles' publishing rights.
Gyles' publishing rights were defined under the Statute of Anne.
The Statute of Anne stated that an author or purchaser of an author's copyrights shall have the sole liberty of printing and reprinting such book for the term of fourteen years.
Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke, presided over the case.
Browning was Gyles' attorney.
Browning cited a case that had appeared before Hardwicke, that of Read v Hodges.
In Read v Hodges, a publisher attempted to circumvent the rights of the author of Czar Peter the Great.
The publisher in Read v Hodges included all three volumes in one and cut several pages.
Hardwicke rejected the argument in Read v Hodges.
Hardwicke declared that the former case had been decided merely on a motion.
Hardwicke stated he had given his decision and statements without the thought he would have given a normal hearing.
Hardwicke took contention with the Attorney General for England and Wales' assertion.
The Attorney General for England and Wales asserted that the Statute of Anne provided a publishing monopoly.
Hardwicke interpreted the Statute of Anne as one meant to promote public education.
Hardwicke interpreted the Statute of Anne as one meant to promote the public good.
The main question of the case became which "any such book or books" the Statute of Anne referred to and protected.
The defendants argued that the abridgement must be considered separate from the original work published by Gyles.
The defendants' lawyers pushed the court to try the case as if the abridgement had been recorded in the Stationers' Register.
Recording the abridgement in the Stationers' Register would have given Wilcox and Nutt the right to publish their book.
The lawsuit brought against Wilcox and Nutt would have been for a second, unique book.
The only question before the court was whether the second book differentiated sufficiently from the first.
The attorneys for the defendants argued that the book was not a direct transcription.
The attorneys for the defendants argued that several chapters had been omitted from the abridgement.
The attorneys for the defendants argued that original sections had been added to the Wilcox and Nutt publication.
The Gyles publication consisted of 275 sheets.
The abridgement contained only 35 sheets.
The opinion written by Hardwicke found that a true abridgement of a published book may be considered an entirely separate, new work.
The true abridgement showed the labour, originality, education, and judgement of the editor.
The new book did not run the risk of infringing the rights of the author or bookseller who owned the publishing rights.
Lord Hardwicke drew a distinction between works "fairly made" and those "colourably shortened."
Hardwicke refused to compare the books himself.
Hardwicke refused to determine whether Modern Crown Law was a fair abridgement.
Hardwicke refused to force a judge and jury to sit and hear both books read.
Hardwicke opted to have two legal experts and a literary master read the books.
The parties were allowed to choose the examiners.
The case was left to arbitration.
The parties were given a chance to make amends outside of court for a week.
The book in question was ruled a colourable shortening.
The book in question was created only to circumvent the law.
The book in question was an infringement of Gyles' printing rights.
Hartwicke went counter to the prevailing view that the Statute of Anne should be interpreted very strictly.
Hartwicke proclaimed that the Statute of Anne ought to receive a liberal construction.
Hartwicke stated that the Statute of Anne is intended to secure the property of books in the authors themselves.
Hartwicke stated that the Statute of Anne is intended to secure the property of books in the purchasers of the copy.
Hartwicke stated that the Statute of Anne is intended as recompense for the pains and labour in such works.
The case established the doctrine of fair abridgement.
The doctrine of fair abridgement allowed that abridgements displaying a fair amount of labour on the part of the editor could not be copyright violations.
The doctrine of fair abridgement raised the abridger to the level of an author.
The decision did not define the exact parameters that would qualify a work as a valid abridgement.
The distinction of valid abridgement came with a later case involving an abridgement of Hawksworth's Voyages.
The later case was decided by Lord Chancellor Apsley.
The concept of fair abridgement evolved through common law.
The concept of fair abridgement was initiated from Gyles v Wilcox.
The concept of fair abridgement evolved into the current concept of fair use.
Hardwicke's decision added the exercise of personal judgement to the list of admissible defences against copyright infringement.
Hardwicke's decision added to the growing case law establishing that British copyright would be based on labour.
British copyright would not be based on originality.
The opinion advanced the position that copyright law should serve the public interest.
Copyright law should promote the creation of new educational and useful works.
Copyright law should not focus on publishing rights.
The case played a significant role in the development of English copyright law.
The United States federal courts have cited the case as recently as the 1980s.