Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was born on December 28, 1920.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert died on March 5, 2016.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was an All-Pro American football tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played his entire nine-year NFL career for the Philadelphia Eagles.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert became the team captain of the Philadelphia Eagles.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to play in the NFL's first Pro Bowl as a member of the Philadelphia Eagles.
During most of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's career, there were no football All-Star games.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to the league All-Pro team eight times.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played college football at the University of Michigan.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert is one of the three brothers who were named All-American tackles at the University of Michigan.
Whitey Wistert is one of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's brothers.
Alvin Wistert is one of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's brothers.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert and his brothers were later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was the first Michigan alumnus to be selected to the NFL Pro Bowl.
The Wistert brothers all wore jersey No. 11 at the University of Michigan.
The Wistert brothers are among the seven players who have had their numbers retired by the Michigan Wolverines football program.
The Wistert brothers' number will be put back into circulation starting on November 10, 2012.
The Wistert brothers' number will be put back into circulation before a Michigan home game against Northwestern.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was born in Chicago, Illinois.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was from a Lithuanian family.
Kazimer Wistert was Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's father.
Kazimer Wistert was a Spanish-American War veteran.
Kazimer Wistert was killed in the line of duty while working for the Chicago Police Department.
John Kowalik was a classmate of Whitey Wistert at Carl Schurz High School.
John Kowalik was invited to visit the University of Michigan.
Whitey Wistert had a factory job where he was involved with building Majestic radios.
John Kowalik took Whitey Wistert with him on his visit to the University of Michigan.
According to Alvin Wistert, the story of the Wistert brothers at Michigan began with John Kowalik's visit.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert graduated from Foreman High School.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert became the second of the Wistert brothers to play for the University of Michigan.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert wore number 11 while playing for the University of Michigan.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played for the University of Michigan from 1940 to 1942.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was a consensus All-American in 1942.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was the team MVP in 1942.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played in the 1943 East-West Shrine Game.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert is well remembered for his exploits in a 1942 game against the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1968.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame one year after his brother Francis.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to the University of Michigan Hall of Honor in 1981.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the University of Michigan Hall of Honor alongside his brothers.
Only five Michigan football players earned the honor of being inducted into the University of Michigan Hall of Honor before Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert.
The University of Michigan posted a 20-5-1 record during Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's three years on the team.
In 1940, the University of Michigan football team's only loss in its eight-game season was to the Minnesota Golden Gophers football team.
The Minnesota Golden Gophers football team was the eventual national champion in 1940.
The University of Michigan football team followed the 1940 season with 6-1-1 and 7-3 records in the next two years.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert served as captain of the College All-Star team.
The College All-Star team beat the Sammy Baugh-led National Football League champion Washington Redskins 27-7 in Chicago.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was the only one of the three Wistert brothers not to play on a national championship squad at the University of Michigan.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was drafted in the fifth round by the Philadelphia Eagles.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert signed a contract for $3,800.
$3,800 is equivalent to $51,965 today.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert encountered animosity from veteran players for having signed a large contract.
Veteran players thought Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert signed for $4,500.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert earned All-Pro honors in eight of his nine seasons.
Five of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's All-Pro honors were by consensus.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played as a two-way player.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played his entire nine-year career for the Philadelphia Eagles.
The Philadelphia Eagles operated as a merged team with the Pittsburgh Steelers for one season during World War II.
The National Football League had no All-Star games between 1943 and 1950.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was a perennial All-Pro selection.
It is difficult to compare Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert to more modern players who are often measured by Pro Bowl invitations.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert served as Eagles captain for five consecutive seasons from 1946 to 1950.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named All-Pro in each season from 1946 to 1950.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was selected to the first Pro Bowl in his next to last season.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert recovered three fumbles in his final season.
The Philadelphia Eagles won the NFL Championships in 1948 and 1949 with Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert.
The 1948 and 1949 NFL Championships were the only consecutive NFL championships to win by shutout.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's number 70 was retired by the Philadelphia Eagles in 1952.
According to Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's College Football Hall of Fame biography, he started every game the Philadelphia Eagles played except for the 1950 season opener against the Cleveland Browns.
According to other statistical databases, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert only started about two-thirds of his career games.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's jersey is one of only seven retired Eagles jerseys.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert lamented not having been enshrined in the Professional Football Hall of Fame.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert lamented not being on the Philadelphia Eagles Honor Roll.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the Philadelphia Eagles Honor Roll on September 29, 2009.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the Philadelphia Eagles Honor Roll alongside Randall Cunningham.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to the Pro Football Researchers Association Hall of Very Good in 2003.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to the Pro Football Researchers Association Hall of Very Good in the association's inaugural HOVG class.
After football, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert became a successful life insurance salesman.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert sold insurance for 40 years.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert lived in California after retirement.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert lived in Grants Pass, Oregon after retirement.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was married to his late wife Ellie for 61 years.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert has three daughters.
The names of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's daughters are Pam, Dianna, and Kathy.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert has three grandchildren.
At one point, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was both coaching football at Riverside High School in Riverside Township, New Jersey and playing professionally.
According to Alvin Wistert, their father was born Casmir Vistertus.
According to Alvin Wistert, their father Anglicized his name to Wistert when he came to America.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert died at the age of 95.
Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert died in Grants Pass, Oregon.