Acquacotta is a broth-based hot soup in Italian cuisine.
Acquacotta is pronounced [ ˌakkwaˈkɔtta ].
The Italian translation of "acquacotta" is "cooked water".
Acquacotta was originally a peasant food.
The preparation and consumption of acquacotta dates back to ancient history.
Acquacotta originated in the coastal area of Maremma in southern Tuscany.
Acquacotta originated in northern Lazio.
The dish was invented in part to make hardened, stale bread edible.
In contemporary times, the ingredients of acquacotta can vary.
Additional ingredients are sometimes used in contemporary preparations of acquacotta.
Variations of acquacotta include Aquacotta con funghi.
Variations of acquacotta include Aquacotta con peperoni.
Acquacotta is a simple traditional dish.
Acquacotta originates in the coastal region of Italy known as Maremma.
Maremma spans the southern half of Tuscany's coast.
Maremma runs into northern Lazio.
The word "acquacotta" means "cooked water" in Italian.
Acquacotta has been described as an ancient dish.
The recipe of acquacotta was derived in part by people who lived in the Tuscan forest.
People who lived in the Tuscan forest worked as colliers.
Colliers are typically very poor.
Colliers are traditionally among the poorest of people.
Farmers prepared and consumed acquacotta in the Maremma area.
Shepherds prepared and consumed acquacotta in the Maremma area.
Historically, acquacotta was sometimes served as an antipasto dish.
Antipasto is the first course in an Italian meal.
Acquacotta remains a popular dish in Maremma.
Acquacotta remains a popular dish throughout Italy.
Acquacotta was invented in part to make stale, hardened bread edible.
Woodcutters would bring bread with them when working away from home.
Woodcutters would bring other foods with them when working away from home.
Other foods that woodcutters would bring include pancetta and salt cod.
Acquacotta was prepared to marinate stale bread.
Acquacotta was used to soften stale bread.
A legend about acquacotta exists in relation to the concept of stone soup.
The concept of stone soup is based upon a premise of a poor traveler.
The poor traveler arrived at a village having only a stone.
The poor traveler convinced the villagers to add ingredients to his stone soup.
The villagers created acquacotta by adding ingredients to the stone soup.
Variations of the legend about acquacotta exist.
Historically, acquacotta's primary ingredients included water.
Historically, acquacotta's primary ingredients included stale bread.
Historically, acquacotta's primary ingredients included onion.
Historically, acquacotta's primary ingredients included tomato.
Historically, acquacotta's primary ingredients included olive oil.
Historically, acquacotta's primary ingredients included various vegetables.
Historically, acquacotta's primary ingredients included leftover foods.
In the earlier 1800s, some preparations of acquacotta used agresto.
Agresto is a juice derived from half-ripened grapes.
Tomatoes were not a common food in Italy prior to the latter decades of the nineteenth century.
Contemporary preparations of acquacotta may use stale bread.
Contemporary preparations of acquacotta may use fresh bread.
Contemporary preparations of acquacotta may use toasted bread.
Contemporary preparations of acquacotta can include additional ingredients.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include vegetable broth.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include eggs.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include cheeses such as Parmigiano-Reggiano.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include cheeses such as Pecorino Toscano.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include celery.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include garlic.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include basil.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include beans such as cannellini beans.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include cabbage.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include kale.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include lemon juice.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include salt.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include pepper.
Additional ingredients in contemporary preparations of acquacotta may include potatoes.
Some versions of acquacotta may use edible mushrooms such as porcini.
Some versions of acquacotta may use wild herbs.
Some versions of acquacotta may use leaf vegetables such as arugula.
Some versions of acquacotta may use leaf vegetables such as endive.
Some versions of acquacotta may use leaf vegetables such as mint.
Some versions of acquacotta may use leaf vegetables such as chard.
Some versions of acquacotta may use leaf vegetables such as chicory.
Some versions of acquacotta may use leaf vegetables such as dandelion greens.
Some versions of acquacotta may use leaf vegetables such as watercress.
Some versions of acquacotta may use leaf vegetables such as valerian.
As the greens boil down, they contribute to the broth's flavor.
The dish may be topped with a poached egg.
Contemporary versions of acquacotta may be prepared in advance.
Contemporary versions of acquacotta may be prepared from a few hours to a day in advance.
Contemporary versions of acquacotta may be stored in a cold place.
Contemporary versions of acquacotta may be refrigerated.
Contemporary versions of acquacotta may be reheated prior to serving.
Acquacotta can also be preserved by freezing.
Acquacotta con funghi is an acquacotta soup variation.
Acquacotta con funghi uses porcini mushrooms as a primary ingredient.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include bread.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include stock or water.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include tomato conserva.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include Parmesan cheese.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include eggs.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include mentuccia.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include wild mint.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include garlic.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include olive oil.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include salt.
Additional ingredients in acquacotta con funghi include pepper.
The flavor and aroma of acquacotta con funghi has been described as based upon the porcini mushrooms that are used.
Parsley may also be used in acquacotta con funghi.
Acquacotta con peperoni is an acquacotta soup variation.
Acquacotta con peperoni includes celery.
Acquacotta con peperoni includes red pepper.
Acquacotta con peperoni includes garlic.