The rainy season is the time of year when most of a region's average annual rainfall occurs.
The rainy season usually lasts one or more months.
The term "green season" is sometimes used as a euphemism by tourist authorities.
Areas with wet seasons are dispersed across portions of the tropics and subtropics.
A wet season month is defined as a month where average precipitation is 60 millimeters (2.4 in) or more.
Mediterranean climates have wet winters and dry summers.
Tropical seasonal forests have characteristic dry and rainy months.
Tropical rainforests do not have dry or wet seasons.
Rainfall is equally distributed throughout the year in tropical rainforests.
Some areas with pronounced rainy seasons will see a break in rainfall mid-season.
The intertropical convergence zone or monsoon trough moves to higher latitudes in the middle of the warm season.
When the wet season occurs during summer, precipitation falls mainly during the late afternoon and early evening.
Air quality improves during the wet season.
Fresh water quality improves during the wet season.
Vegetation grows substantially during the wet season.
Crop yields occur late in the wet season.
Rivers overflow their banks during the wet season.
Some animals retreat to higher ground during the wet season.
Soil nutrients diminish during the wet season.
Erosion increases during the wet season.
The incidence of malaria increases in areas where the rainy season coincides with high temperatures.
Some animals have adaptation and survival strategies for the wet season.
The previous dry season often leads to food shortages in the wet season.
The wet season is known as the monsoon in areas where heavy rainfall is associated with a wind shift.
Rainfall in the wet season is mainly due to daytime heating.
Diurnal thunderstorm activity occurs within a pre-existing moist airmass during the wet season.
Rain mainly falls in late afternoon and early evening in savannah and monsoon regions.
Much of the total rainfall each day occurs in the first minutes of the downpour.
Most places have only one wet season.
Areas of the tropics can have two wet seasons.
The monsoon trough can pass over locations in the tropics twice per year.
Rain forests do not have a wet season.
In the western United States, extratropical cyclones from the Pacific Ocean move inland during the cold season from September to May.
The southward migration of the jet stream occurs during the cold season.
This shift in the jet stream brings much of the annual precipitation to the western United States.
The peninsula of Italy has weather very similar to the western United States.
Areas with a savanna climate in Sub-Saharan Africa have a distinct rainy season.
Ghana has a distinct rainy season.
Burkina Faso has a distinct rainy season.
Darfur has a distinct rainy season.
Eritrea has a distinct rainy season.
Ethiopia has a distinct rainy season.
Botswana has a distinct rainy season.
Florida has a rainy season.
South Texas has a rainy season.
Southeast Asia includes regions with monsoon climates.
Indonesia has a monsoon climate.
The Philippines has a monsoon climate.
Northern sections of Australia's North have a monsoon climate.
Polynesia has a monsoon climate.
Central America has a monsoon climate.
Western and southern Mexico have a monsoon climate.
The Desert Southwest of the United States has a monsoon climate.
Southern Guyana has a monsoon climate.
Portions of northeast Brazil have a monsoon climate.
Northern Guyana has two wet seasons: one in early spring and the other in early winter.
Western Africa has two rainy seasons across southern sections.
Western Africa has only one rainy season across the north.
The west coast of the United States experiences a wet season in the winter months.
The Mediterranean coastline of Italy experiences a wet season in the winter months.
Greece experiences a wet season in the winter months.
Turkey experiences a wet season in the winter months.
The wet season in the Negev desert of Israel extends from October through May.
The Sonoran desert receives the two rainy seasons associated with Mediterranean and monsoon climates.
The wet season is known by many different local names throughout the world.
In Mexico, the wet season is known as "storm season."
The wet season typically experienced by Aboriginal tribes of Northern Australia from December to March is called Gudjewg.
The precise meaning of the word Gudjewg is fairly disputable.
The word Gudjewg is widely accepted to relate to severe thunderstorms, flooding, and abundant vegetation growth.
High daytime high temperatures drop when the monsoon arrives in tropical areas.
Overnight low temperatures increase when the monsoon arrives in tropical areas.
A combination of heavy rainfall and an onshore wind improves air quality in some places such as Hong Kong during the wet season.
The wet season in Brazil is correlated with weaker trade winds off the ocean.
The pH level of water becomes more balanced during the wet season.
The charging of local aquifers occurs during the wet season.
Water softens during the rainy season.
The concentration of dissolved materials reduces during the rainy season.
Erosion increases during rainy periods.
Arroyos that are dry at other times of the year fill with runoff during the wet season.
Water can be as deep as 10 feet (3.0 m) in arroyos during the wet season.
Leaching of soils during periods of heavy rainfall depletes nutrients.
Higher runoff from land masses affects nearby ocean areas during the wet season.
Nearby ocean areas are more stratified due to stronger surface currents forced by heavy rainfall runoff.
High rainfall can cause widespread flooding.
Widespread flooding can lead to landslides and mudflows in mountainous areas.
Floods cause rivers to burst their banks.
Floods can submerge homes.
The Ghaggar-Hakra River only flows during India's monsoon season.
The Ghaggar-Hakra River can flood and severely damage local crops.
Floods can be exacerbated by fires during the previous dry season.
Fires during the previous dry season can cause soils to become hydrophobic.
Governments may help people deal with wet season floods in various ways.
Flood plain mapping identifies areas that are more prone to flooding.
Instructions on controlling erosion through outreach are provided by telephone or the internet.
The wet season is the main period of vegetation growth within the savanna climate regime.
The wet season is a time for food shortages before crops reach their full maturity.
Food shortages during the wet season cause seasonal weight changes for people in developing countries.
A drop in weight occurs during the wet season until the time of the first harvest.
Malaria incidence increases during periods of high temperature and heavy rainfall.
Cows calve at the beginning of the wet season.
The onset of the rainy season signals the departure of the Monarch butterfly from Mexico.
Tropical species of butterflies show larger dot markings on their wings during the wet season.
Tropical species of butterflies are more active during the wet season than the dry season.
Decreased salinity of near shore wetlands occurs due to the rains within the tropics and warmer areas of the subtropics.
An increase in crocodile nesting occurs due to decreased salinity of near shore wetlands during the wet season.
The arroyo toad spawns within a couple of months after the seasonal rains.
Armadillos seek higher ground during the wet season.
Rattlesnakes seek higher ground during the wet season.