John Bradley Hirst was an Australian historian and commentator.
John Bradley Hirst was born on 9 July 1942.
John Bradley Hirst died on 3 February 2016.
John Bradley Hirst attended Unley High School.
John Bradley Hirst undertook undergraduate study at the University of Adelaide.
John Bradley Hirst undertook postgraduate study at the University of Adelaide.
John Bradley Hirst was appointed a lecturer at La Trobe University in 1968.
John Bradley Hirst remained at La Trobe University until the end of his career.
Christine Hirst accompanied John Bradley Hirst to Melbourne.
John Bradley Hirst had two children.
Catherine Hirst is one of John Bradley Hirst's children.
David Hirst is one of John Bradley Hirst's children.
John Bradley Hirst was head of department at La Trobe University.
John Bradley Hirst was a Reader in History at La Trobe University.
John Bradley Hirst retired in 2006.
John Bradley Hirst was an Emeritus Scholar at La Trobe University until his death.
John Bradley Hirst had a distinguished career in teaching.
John Bradley Hirst had a distinguished career in supervision.
John Bradley Hirst had a distinguished career in research.
John Bradley Hirst developed new subjects to teach.
John Bradley Hirst developed new methodologies to teach subjects.
John Bradley Hirst's work on Australian history was published as The Shortest History of Europe.
The Shortest History of Europe has been translated into nine languages.
The nine languages that The Shortest History of Europe has been translated into are Swedish, Greek, Chinese, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Russian, Turkish, and Korean.
John Bradley Hirst was seconded to the University of Melbourne to edit Historical Studies.
Historical Studies is Australia's leading historical journal.
John Bradley Hirst edited Historical Studies from 1977 to 1980.
John Bradley Hirst travelled regularly to Sydney in retirement.
John Bradley Hirst instructed groups of post-graduate students in thesis writing without remuneration.
John Bradley Hirst produced a large number of important articles on Australian history.
John Bradley Hirst produced a large number of important chapters on Australian history.
John Bradley Hirst produced a large number of important books on Australian history.
John Bradley Hirst's academic interests were wide-ranging.
John Bradley Hirst's academic interests included social history.
John Bradley Hirst's academic interests included cultural history.
John Bradley Hirst's academic interests included political history.
John Bradley Hirst's goal was to elucidate the qualities and characteristics of Australian society.
John Bradley Hirst's goal was to elucidate how the qualities and characteristics of Australian society had developed.
Jeremy Sammut described John Bradley Hirst as an elegant and outstanding stylist.
Jeremy Sammut described John Bradley Hirst as adept at clarifying complex issues.
Jeremy Sammut described John Bradley Hirst as capable of crafting a pithy line that eliminated all doubt.
Alan Frost noted that John Bradley Hirst challenged orthodoxies.
Alan Frost noted that John Bradley Hirst produced many new insights.
John Bradley Hirst wrote two seminal books on colonial New South Wales.
Frank Bongiorno described John Bradley Hirst's two seminal books as displaying a raw intellectual power.
The two seminal books written by John Bradley Hirst are Convict Society and its Enemies and The Strange Birth of Colonial Democracy.
Convict Society and its Enemies was published in 1983.
The Strange Birth of Colonial Democracy was published in 1988.
Convict Society and its Enemies was reprinted as Freedom on the Fatal Shore in 2008.
Convict Society and its Enemies was particularly influential.
Convict Society and its Enemies argued that early New South Wales was a place where rights and freedoms were well-established from the beginning.
John Bradley Hirst's study of Federation was titled The Sentimental Nation.
The Sentimental Nation was a ground-breaking work.
The Sentimental Nation argued that national sentiment was more important than economics in uniting the nation.
Alan Frost described John Bradley Hirst's shorter analyses as notable.
Alan Frost noted that "Distance in Australia: Was It a Tyrant?" deserves much more attention than it now receives.
Alan Frost noted that John Bradley Hirst's "Egalitarianism" challenges received wisdom about colonial life.
Many of John Bradley Hirst's best shorter pieces were collected in Sense and Nonsense in Australian History.
Sense and Nonsense in Australian History was published in 2009.
A major achievement of John Bradley Hirst was a project to index the Melbourne Argus newspaper.
The Melbourne Argus newspaper was indexed from 1860 to 1909.
Frank Bongiorno described John Bradley Hirst as a creative historian.
Frank Bongiorno described John Bradley Hirst as capable of engaging a wide audience.
Frank Bongiorno described John Bradley Hirst as a public intellectual.
John Bradley Hirst contributed many influential opinion pieces to leading Australian newspapers.
John Bradley Hirst contributed many influential commentaries to leading Australian journals.
Jeremy Sammut noted that John Bradley Hirst was motivated by an independent mind.
Jeremy Sammut noted that John Bradley Hirst had a distaste for unthinking conformity.
John Bradley Hirst defied simplistic categorisation as a partisan.
John Bradley Hirst's politics were idiosyncratic.
John Bradley Hirst described himself as an old-fashioned social democrat.
Reading John Bradley Hirst does not encounter a reactionary.
Reading John Bradley Hirst delights readers as he marshals facts, logic, and evidence.
John Bradley Hirst establishes the heterodox case while conveying powerful insights.
A common theme in the obituaries cited is that John Bradley Hirst was fearlessly honest.
Jeremy Sammut noted that John Bradley Hirst was inspired by a commitment to the rigorous pursuit of historical truth.
John Bradley Hirst's commitment to the rigorous pursuit of historical truth drove him to explore deeper patterns and meanings of the past.
John Bradley Hirst's commitment to the rigorous pursuit of historical truth drove him to explore contemporary implications that others had missed or misled us about.
John Bradley Hirst held a number of influential appointments during the course of his career.
John Bradley Hirst was a member of the Prime Minister's Republic Advisory Committee.
John Bradley Hirst was the chair of the Commonwealth Civics Education Group.
John Bradley Hirst was a member of the Film Australia Board.
John Bradley Hirst was a council member of the National Museum of Australia.
John Bradley Hirst was a member of the board of Old Parliament House in Canberra.
John Bradley Hirst wrote the official history of Australia for new citizens.
John Bradley Hirst took a prominent part in the history summit convened by Prime Minister John Howard in 2006.
John Bradley Hirst advised the Victorian Government on the school history curriculum.
John Bradley Hirst was the history adviser to the National Curriculum Authority.
John Bradley Hirst was elected to the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia in 1986.
John Bradley Hirst was a committed republican.
John Bradley Hirst was the Convenor of the Republican Movement in Victoria.