Donkey Kong Jr. Math is a Nintendo edutainment video game.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was originally released in Japan as Donkey Kong Jr. 's Math Play.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was released in Japan in 1983 for the Family Computer.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was released in North America for the NES's nationwide launch in 1986.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was released in PAL regions in 1986.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math is the only game in the "Education Series" of NES games in North America.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was made available in the video game Animal Crossing.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console in 2007.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii U's Virtual Console in 2014.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math has received very negative reception since its release.
Nintendo spokesman Tom Sarris commented that Donkey Kong Jr. Math was not well received.
Nintendo ceased development of educational games due to the negative reception of Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was noted as one of the worst launch video games ever made by Electronic Gaming Monthly.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was noted as one of the worst launch video games ever made by 1UP.com.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math received criticism from several publications including IGN.
IGN called Donkey Kong Jr. Math one of the worst Virtual Console games.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was the worst-selling game in the NES's launch library in the US.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math features one and two player modes.
Both player modes of Donkey Kong Jr. Math are single screen.
In the first mode of Donkey Kong Jr. Math, the objective is to enter math answers to receive points.
The questions in Donkey Kong Jr. Math include addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
In the two player mode of Donkey Kong Jr. Math, two players control two characters.
In the two player mode, players race to create a math formula to reach the number shown by Donkey Kong.
The gameplay of Donkey Kong Jr. Math incorporates platform gameplay.
The mechanics of Donkey Kong Jr. Math are similar to Donkey Kong Jr.
Players in Donkey Kong Jr. Math climb vines to reach higher areas.
Players in Donkey Kong Jr. Math collect numbers scattered around the area.
To complete mathematics problems in Donkey Kong Jr. Math, players must collect at least three things.
The three things players must collect in Donkey Kong Jr. Math are the first number, the symbol, and the second number.
When the game features a high number, players must collect multiple numbers and mathematics symbols.
For example, players could choose a nine, a multiplication symbol, and a seven to reach the number 66.
The two player game of Donkey Kong Jr. Math has two different levels.
The two different levels in the two player game are Calculate A and Calculate B.
Calculate B is more challenging than Calculate A.
In Calculate B, Donkey Kong can ask for negative numbers.
In Calculate B, the absolute values of the target numbers are in the hundreds instead of the tens.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was first released in Japan on December 12, 1983.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was released shortly after as JR. Math Lesson.
JR. Math Lesson was released together with Donkey Kong Jr. as Nintendo's first licensed multicart.
The Sharp multicart was re-released separately from the C1 NES TV in August 1995.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math has been released on other platforms.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console in Japan on March 27, 2007.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console in Europe and Australia on April 20, 2007.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console in North America on September 3, 2007.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released again for the Wii U's Virtual Console in North America on August 28, 2014.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released again for the Wii U's Virtual Console in Europe on January 22, 2015.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released again for the Wii U's Virtual Console in Japan on April 15, 2015.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math has been a critical and commercial disappointment since its release for the NES.
GameRankings reports an aggregate score of 32% for Donkey Kong Jr. Math based on 5 reviews.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math was the worst-selling launch title for the NES.
Nintendo spokesman Tom Sarris said that Donkey Kong Jr. Math "wasn't a big hit."
Tom Sarris added that no one was very enthusiastic about Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Tom Sarris felt that if Donkey Kong Jr. Math had been received better, it would have led to more educational titles.
Author Andy Slaven criticized the premise of Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Andy Slaven derided Nintendo for combining a well-liked license with math.
David Epstein did not find Donkey Kong Jr. Math to be a fun game.
Bob Mackey called Donkey Kong Jr. Math the worst NES launch title.
Bob Mackey criticized Donkey Kong Jr. Math for its lack of value.
Bob Mackey commented that Donkey Kong Jr. moves as well as an infant would in real life.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math had a poor reception from IGN.
Lucas M. Thomas found the controls of Donkey Kong Jr. Math poor.
Lucas M. Thomas found the execution of Donkey Kong Jr. Math to be bland and flawed.
Cam Shea said Donkey Kong Jr. Math would be "too expensive if it was free."
Cam Shea included Donkey Kong Jr. Math on his list of the worst Virtual Console games.
Cam Shea found it difficult to imagine any reason why anyone would want to buy Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Frank Provo found that Donkey Kong Jr. Math became boring quickly.
Frank Provo criticized the mathematics problems in Donkey Kong Jr. Math for being too easy for young children.
Frank Provo criticized the mathematics problems in Donkey Kong Jr. Math for being too boring for older children.
Dan Whitehead commented that Donkey Kong Jr. Math gave him an "ironic smile" as a reminder of the NES era.
Dan Whitehead could not justify paying five dollars for Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Donkey Kong Jr. Math has received criticism for its qualities as an educational game.
Elizabeth Sweedyk called Donkey Kong Jr. Math a realistic educational video game.
Elizabeth Sweedyk criticized educational games as "not fun."
Kevin Gifford called Donkey Kong Jr. Math a game that children would never want to play.
Jeremy Parish commented that Donkey Kong Jr. Math shouldn't be judged on being an educational game.
Jeremy Parish cited quality educational titles as The Oregon Trail and Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?.
Jeremy Parish noted that Donkey Kong Jr. Math should be judged for being a boring game.
Frank Caron compared Donkey Kong Jr. Math to other educational games.
Frank Caron called Donkey Kong Jr. Math "no Brain Age."
Frank Caron preferred to play Math Blaster instead of Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Traci Lawson wondered whether the word game Bookworm would have been as well received by players when they were children.
Traci Lawson felt that players would be intimidated by Bookworm.
Traci Lawson compared her feelings about Bookworm to how she felt when she played Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
Skyler Miller called Donkey Kong Jr. Math a creative use of Donkey Kong Jr.'s graphics and gameplay.