The onefin electric ray is a common species of electric ray in the family Narkidae.
The onefin electric ray is native to South Africa and Namibia.
The onefin electric ray is a benthic fish.
The onefin electric ray is found in shallow coastal bays.
The onefin electric ray inhabits sandy or muddy bottoms.
The onefin electric ray reaches 38 cm (15 in) in length.
The onefin electric ray has a nearly circular pectoral fin disc.
The onefin electric ray has a short, muscular tail.
The short, muscular tail of the onefin electric ray supports a large caudal fin.
The onefin electric ray can be identified by its single dorsal fin.
The single dorsal fin of the onefin electric ray is located over the large pelvic fins.
The dorsal coloration of the onefin electric ray is yellowish to dusky brown.
The onefin electric ray can defend itself with a strong electric shock.
The strong electric shock of the onefin electric ray is produced from a pair of kidney-shaped electric organs.
The kidney-shaped electric organs of the onefin electric ray are located beside its head.
The onefin electric ray feeds mainly on polychaete worms.
The onefin electric ray likely gives birth to live young.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) presently lacks enough information to assess the conservation status of the onefin electric ray.
The onefin electric ray is often caught incidentally by bottom trawl fisheries off South Africa.
The onefin electric ray may be impacted by pollution from coastal development.
The onefin electric ray was described by German naturalist Johann Friedrich Gmelin in 1789.
Gmelin's name for the onefin electric ray was printed as Raja capensis in some copies of Systema Naturae.
Gmelin's name for the onefin electric ray was printed as Raja rapensis in other copies of Systema Naturae.
The original spelling of the onefin electric ray was probably rapensis.
Modern taxonomists regard the original spelling rapensis as a typesetting error.
The etymology of capensis means "of the Cape [of Good Hope]."
Later sources have consistently used the name capensis for the onefin electric ray.
To officially fix the specific epithet under the spelling capensis would require a decision by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature (ICZN).
Gmelin did not refer to any type specimens for the onefin electric ray.
In 1826, German naturalist Johann Jakob Kaup created the new genus Narke for the onefin electric ray.
Johann Jakob Kaup separated the onefin electric ray from other electric rays based on its curved back and single dorsal fin.
Later, more species were assigned to the genus Narke.
The pectoral fin disc of the onefin electric ray is wider than long.
The pectoral fin disc of the onefin electric ray is almost circular in shape.
The two large, kidney-shaped electric organs of the onefin electric ray are visible beneath the skin on either side of its head.
The eyes of the onefin electric ray are small and protruding.
The larger spiracles of the onefin electric ray lie closely behind its eyes.
The larger spiracles of the onefin electric ray have three small finger-like projections on their rims.
The nostrils of the onefin electric ray are placed rather close together.
Between the nostrils of the onefin electric ray is a long skirt-like flap of skin that reaches the mouth.
The small and protrusible mouth of the onefin electric ray is nearly straight.
The mouth of the onefin electric ray is surrounded by prominent furrows.
The teeth of the onefin electric ray are tiny and pointed.
The onefin electric ray has five pairs of small gill slits on the underside of its disc.
The large and broad pelvic fins of the onefin electric ray have convex margins.
The large and broad pelvic fins of the onefin electric ray originate beneath the pectoral fins.
Adult male onefin electric rays have stubby claspers.
There is a single rounded dorsal fin positioned over the pelvic fins of the onefin electric ray.
The short and thick tail of the onefin electric ray has a skin fold running along either side.
The tail of the onefin electric ray terminates in a large triangular caudal fin with rounded corners.
The caudal fin of the onefin electric ray is almost symmetrical above and below.
The soft skin of the onefin electric ray is completely devoid of dermal denticles.
The onefin electric ray varies from yellowish brown to dusky brown above.
Parts of the tail's upper surface of the onefin electric ray are yellowish.
The underside of the onefin electric ray is white to yellow with brown fin margins.
The onefin electric ray grows up to 38 cm (15 in) long.
The onefin electric ray grows up to 26 cm (10 in) across.
Individuals of the onefin electric ray that reach 38 cm (15 in) long are rare.
The onefin electric ray is common off the Eastern and Western Cape Provinces of South Africa.
The range of the onefin electric ray extends to central Namibia.
A single specimen of the onefin electric ray has been recorded from Meob Bay.
A second unconfirmed sighting of the onefin electric ray has been reported from Walvis Bay.
A historical record of the onefin electric ray from Madagascar may be a misidentification.
The onefin electric ray is bottom-dwelling in nature.
The onefin electric ray mainly inhabits bays with sandy or muddy bottoms.
The onefin electric ray is most often found in waters shallower than 50-100 m (160-330 ft).
The onefin electric ray has been recorded from as deep as 183 m (600 ft).
The onefin electric ray can deliver an extremely powerful electric shock relative to its small size.
The onefin electric ray delivers an electric shock to defend itself against predators.
The broadnose sevengill shark (Notorynchus cepedianus) is a predator of the onefin electric ray.
The onefin electric ray propels itself using its muscular tail.
The onefin electric ray does not propel itself using its pectoral fins.
The diet of the onefin electric ray consists mainly of polychaete worms.
The reproductive biology of the onefin electric ray has not been documented.
The onefin electric ray is presumably viviparous like other electric rays.
Male onefin electric rays mature sexually at somewhere between 11 and 17 cm (4.3 and 6.7 in) long.
Female onefin electric rays mature at around 16 cm (6.3 in) long.
The shock produced by the onefin electric ray can be painful.
The shock produced by the onefin electric ray is not substantially dangerous to humans.
The onefin electric ray is not utilized economically.
The onefin electric ray is frequently caught as bycatch in bottom trawls in South African waters.
The onefin electric ray may be negatively affected by water pollution from coastal development.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed the onefin electric ray as Data Deficient.
The IUCN has listed the onefin electric ray as Data Deficient due to lack of specific data.
The vulnerability of the onefin electric ray to fishing may merit concern.
The vulnerability of the onefin electric ray to habitat degradation may merit concern.