"We Remain" is a song by American singer Christina Aguilera.
"We Remain" is taken from The Hunger Games: Catching Fire – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.
The Hunger Games: Catching Fire – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2013 American science-fiction adventure film The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
"We Remain" was released as the third single from the soundtrack on October 1, 2013.
"We Remain" follows Coldplay's "Atlas."
"We Remain" follows Sia's "Elastic Heart."
"We Remain" was composed by Ryan Tedder, Brent Kutzle, and Mikky Ekko.
"We Remain" is an arena pop power ballad.
"We Remain" talks about "perseverance."
Contemporary music critics lauded "We Remain" for its sound.
Contemporary music critics picked "We Remain" as one of the highlights from the soundtrack.
"We Remain" appeared on a few national record charts including Belgium and South Korea.
Christina Aguilera released her seventh studio album, Lotus, in 2012.
Lotus spawned two singles: "Your Body" and "Just a Fool."
Aguilera was reported to be featured on the soundtrack for The Hunger Games: Catching Fire Original Motion Picture Soundtrack with a song called "We Remain" in September 2013.
On September 25, 2013, Christina Aguilera unveiled a 90-second preview of "We Remain."
"We Remain" was released as a digital download single at Amazon.com on October 1, 2013.
"We Remain" was released on the iTunes Store on October 1, 2013.
"We Remain" impacted US contemporary hit radio on October 8, 2013.
Christina Aguilera performed "We Remain" live with her contestant Jacquie Lee during the season finale of the fifth season of The Voice on December 17, 2013.
A studio version of the duet of "We Remain" was released on the US iTunes Store on December 16, 2013.
"We Remain" was written by Ryan Tedder, Brent Kutzle of OneRepublic, and Mikky Ekko.
"We Remain" is a midtempo arena pop power ballad.
"We Remain" lasts for a duration of 4:00 (four minutes).
Christina Aguilera sings with "enormous" and "soaring" vocals on a "propulsive Ryan Tedder-ish beat" background in "We Remain."
"We Remain" incorporates a smooth piano and drum machine in its instrumentation.
According to Billboard magazine, "We Remain" finds Christina Aguilera tamping down for a natural and forceful message of perseverance.
At the chorus, Christina Aguilera sings "So burn me with fire / Drown me with rain / I'm gonna wake up screaming your name / Yes I'm a sinner, yes I'm a saint / whatever happens here, whatever happens here, we remain."
Several critics compared "We Remain" to Christina Aguilera's previous hit "Beautiful" (2002).
Several critics compared "We Remain" to Alicia Keys' "Girl on Fire" (2012) for musical similarities.
"We Remain" received critical acclaim from music critics.
Ryan Reed from Rolling Stone magazine praised "We Remain" as a "triumphant sounding" track.
Ryan Reed from Rolling Stone magazine stated "We Remain" is sure to be a hit at District 12 radio.
An editor from The Huffington Post picked "We Remain" as one of the standout tracks from the soundtrack.
An editor from The Huffington Post stated "We Remain" encapsulates the spirit and power of Games' heroine, Katniss.
Sam Lansky for Idolator praised "We Remain" for its musical departure from Christina Aguilera's ballads for her 2012 album Lotus.
Brett Malec of E! simply called "We Remain" a "beautiful track."
A staff writer from Billboard named "We Remain" a "triumphant" song.
Alex Young from Consequence of Sound selected "We Remain" as one of the highlights from the album while reviewing the soundtrack for The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
Alex Young from Consequence of Sound stated "We Remain" made Christina Aguilera "the biggest star on display."
Entertainment Weekly writer Nick Catucci picked "We Remain" as one of the best tracks.
Nick Catucci called "We Remain" "an awesome reminder of Christina's power."
Nick Catucci called "We Remain" one of the most righteous doses of uplift this year, on any platform.
"We Remain" peaked at number 58 on the South Korean Gaon International Download Chart.
"We Remain" sold 2,689 copies on October 6, 2013.
"We Remain" peaked at number 31 on the Belgian Flanders Singles Chart.
"We Remain" peaked at number 14 on the Belgian Wallonian Singles Chart.
Credits were adapted from The Hunger Games: Catching Fire soundtrack digital inlay cover.
"We Remain" has a digital download length of 4:00.