James Fisher Robinson was born on October 4, 1800.
James Fisher Robinson died on October 31, 1882.
James Fisher Robinson was the 22nd Governor of Kentucky.
James Fisher Robinson served the remainder of the unfinished term of Governor Beriah Magoffin.
Beriah Magoffin was a Confederate sympathizer.
Beriah Magoffin became increasingly ineffective after the elections of 1861.
The elections of 1861 yielded a supermajority to pro-Union forces in both houses of the Kentucky General Assembly.
Beriah Magoffin agreed to resign the governorship.
Beriah Magoffin could select his successor.
Beriah Magoffin selected James Fisher Robinson as his successor.
James Fisher Robinson opposed both secession and abolition.
James Fisher Robinson had Union sympathies.
James Fisher Robinson was considered a moderate.
James Fisher Robinson opposed both fugitive slave laws and the enlistment of black soldiers.
James Fisher Robinson supported the Crittenden Compromise as a state senator.
James Fisher Robinson opposed the Civil War as a state senator.
James Fisher Robinson drew criticism from the administration of President Abraham Lincoln.
James Fisher Robinson opposed the Emancipation Proclamation as governor.
James Fisher Robinson was born to Jonathan Robinson and Jane Black Robinson.
James Fisher Robinson was born in Scott County, Kentucky.
James Fisher Robinson's early studies were done under a private tutor.
James Fisher Robinson studied under Presbyterian minister Robert Marshall.
James Fisher Robinson was of English and Scottish descent.
James Fisher Robinson attended Forest Hill Academy.
James Fisher Robinson attended Transylvania University.
James Fisher Robinson graduated from Transylvania University in 1818.
John McCracken Robinson graduated in the same class as James Fisher Robinson.
John McCracken Robinson moved to Illinois.
John McCracken Robinson served two terms as a U.S. Senator.
James Fisher Robinson studied law under William T. Barry.
James Fisher Robinson was admitted to the bar.
James Fisher Robinson began his law practice in Georgetown, Kentucky.
James Fisher Robinson married Susan Mansell of Georgetown on December 29, 1821.
Susan Mansell was the first of James Fisher Robinson's three wives.
James Fisher Robinson and Susan Mansell had two children.
James Fisher Robinson had a son and a daughter with Susan Mansell.
Susan Mansell died in 1835.
James Fisher Robinson married Willina S. Herndon of Scott County on March 21, 1839.
James Fisher Robinson and Willina S. Herndon had eight children.
Seven of James Fisher Robinson and Willina S. Herndon's children survived to adulthood.
Willina S. Herndon died in 1861.
James Fisher Robinson's political career began in 1851.
James Fisher Robinson was elected to the Kentucky Senate as a Whig without opposition in 1851.
James Fisher Robinson did not immediately seek re-election after his first term.
James Fisher Robinson was elected to the state Senate in 1861 over challenger James B. Beck.
James Fisher Robinson was elected Speaker of the Senate on September 2, 1861.
James Fisher Robinson resigned the position of Speaker of the Senate a few days after being elected.
James Fisher Robinson assumed the position of Speaker of the Senate on August 16, 1862.
James Fisher Robinson's assumption of the Speaker position was part of a political deal.
The political deal involved the resignation of Governor Beriah Magoffin.
Linn Boyd was Beriah Magoffin's lieutenant governor.
Linn Boyd died in office in 1859.
Beriah Magoffin was unwilling to allow John Fisk to succeed him.
John Fisk was then Senate Speaker and next in line for the governorship.
Beriah Magoffin agreed to resign if the Senate would elect James Fisher Robinson as Speaker.
James Fisher Robinson was next in line for the governorship after being elected Speaker.
James Fisher Robinson succeeded Beriah Magoffin upon Beriah Magoffin's resignation at 10:00 am on August 18, 1862.
James Fisher Robinson never resigned from the Senate.
James Fisher Robinson technically held both his legislative seat and the governorship concurrently.
The Civil War was ongoing during James Fisher Robinson's administration.
The Confederacy made its major advance into the Commonwealth during James Fisher Robinson's tenure.
James Fisher Robinson raised taxes in an effort to revive Kentucky's state militia.
James Fisher Robinson was concerned with the effect of the war on public education in the state.
James Fisher Robinson asked the General Assembly to investigate the condition of state schools.
James Fisher Robinson asked the General Assembly to investigate state schools in war-ravaged areas.
James Fisher Robinson encouraged the General Assembly to accept the Lincoln administration's offer of land.
The Lincoln administration offered land to establish an agricultural and mechanical college.
James Fisher Robinson noted that by January 1, 1863, Kentucky had sent 44,000 soldiers to aid the Union cause.
Kentucky sent fifty-one regiments to aid the Union cause.
James Fisher Robinson lamented the poor treatment of Kentucky by the Federal government.
James Fisher Robinson perceived Kentucky as disloyal by the Federal government.
James Fisher Robinson cited examples of poor treatment, such as the declaration of martial law in the Commonwealth.
James Fisher Robinson cited examples of poor treatment, such as the suspension of the right of habeas corpus for Kentucky citizens.
James Fisher Robinson warned that if military necessity is not to be measured by Constitutional limits, people are no longer free.
James Fisher Robinson supported his eventual successor, Thomas E. Bramlette, upon completion of his term.
The constitutional questions raised by James Fisher Robinson shaped much of the political debate for Thomas E. Bramlette's term.
James Fisher Robinson retired to "Cardome," his family farm in Scott County, following his term as governor.
James Fisher Robinson became more distant from the national administration after his governorship.
James Fisher Robinson supported George B. McClellan for president in 1864.
James Fisher Robinson served as president of the Farmers' Bank of Georgetown.
James Fisher Robinson served as chair of the Georgetown College Board of Trustees.
James Fisher Robinson married Caroline "Carrie" Hening of Georgetown on December 1, 1873.
Caroline "Carrie" Hening was 36 years younger than James Fisher Robinson.
James Fisher Robinson is buried in the Georgetown Cemetery in Georgetown, Kentucky.