Tropical Storm Gert was the fourth of seven tropical cyclones to make landfall in Mexico during 2005.
Tropical Storm Gert formed in July in the Bay of Campeche.
Tropical Storm Gert became the seventh named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Gert crossed Honduras and the Yucatán peninsula.
Tropical Storm Gert organized into Tropical Depression Seven on the afternoon of July 23.
Tropical Storm Gert was upgraded to Tropical Storm Gert early on July 24.
Tropical Storm Gert gained the record for the earliest formation of a seventh named storm in an Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Gert made landfall south of Tampico, Tamaulipas, late on July 24.
Tropical Storm Gert had maximum sustained winds of 45 mph.
Tropical Storm Gert had a minimum central pressure of 1005 mbar.
Tropical Storm Gert moved inland over central Mexico.
Tropical Storm Gert dissipated on July 25.
Tropical Storm Gert struck in approximately the same area as Hurricane Emily just four days earlier.
Tropical Storm Gert caused fear of flooding and landslides due to saturated lands.
Approximately 1,000 people were evacuated from low-lying residences and businesses near the towns of Naranjos Amatlán and Tamiahua.
A tropical wave entered the Atlantic Ocean from Africa on July 10.
The tropical wave developed into an area of low pressure while passing over Cape Verde.
The low pressure area failed to develop into a tropical cyclone due to cool waters on the sea surface and wind shear.
The tropical wave continued traveling westward through the Lesser Antilles until July 18.
On July 18, the tropical wave split in two.
The northern half of the tropical wave moved northwest and developed into Tropical Storm Franklin over the Bahamas.
The southern half of the tropical wave continued westward.
The southern half of the tropical wave had increasing associated thunderstorm activity.
On July 22, a new low pressure area developed while the tropical wave was located over the Gulf of Honduras.
The new low pressure area was unable to develop further because the storm quickly moved over the Yucatán Peninsula.
The system entered the Bay of Campeche after passing through the Yucatán Peninsula.
The system lacked any deep convection upon entering the Bay of Campeche.
The tropical wave quickly developed the deep convection needed to become a tropical cyclone.
The Sierra Madre Oriental enhanced large-scale rotation of the disturbance.
The National Hurricane Center in Miami, Florida designated the system as Tropical Depression Seven.
Tropical Depression Seven was located just 255 miles east-southeast of Tuxpan, Mexico.
Early on July 24, the cyclone was upgraded to a tropical storm with winds of 40 mph.
The cyclone received the name Gert.
Tropical Storm Gert continued to move northwest after becoming a tropical storm.
Tropical Storm Gert reached a peak intensity of 45 mph.
Tropical Storm Gert made landfall just 6 miles to the southeast of Pánuco.
Tropical Storm Gert made landfall at 10:00 p.m. CDT.
Tropical Storm Gert quickly weakened back to tropical depression strength early on July 25.
Tropical Storm Gert became a remnant low twelve hours after weakening.
Tropical Storm Gert dissipated over the mountains of central Mexico.
The track of Tropical Storm Gert was slightly more to the north than the National Hurricane Center's initial predictions.
The National Hurricane Center predicted that Tropical Storm Gert could intensify further.
Tropical Storm Gert did not intensify further.
The primary emphasis of the forecasts was on the impact the rainfall from Tropical Storm Gert could cause.
The area of Mexico had been hit previously in the season by other hurricanes.
On July 23, the Mexican Servicio Meteorológico Nacional issued a tropical storm warning for the eastern Mexican Gulf coast.
The tropical storm warning was issued between Palma Sola and Cabo Rojo.
A tropical storm watch was issued from Cabo Rojo northward until reaching La Cruz.
On July 23, the government of Veracruz declared a state of emergency in 24 municipalities of the state.
The state of emergency made money from the National Disaster Fund available to those affected by the storm.
As Tropical Storm Gert came closer to the littoral, the tropical storm warning was extended northwards to La Cruz.
The tropical storm warning was extended to La Pesca.
The tropical storm warning was canceled shortly after landfall.
Tropical Storm Gert struck just south of where Category 3 Hurricane Emily had struck.
Tropical Storm Gert struck where Tropical Storm Bret hit in late June.
There were concerns that serious flooding and mudslides would result due to saturated ground.
About 1,000 people were evacuated from low-lying residences and businesses near the towns of Naranjos Amatlán and Tamiahua in Veracruz.
About 6,000 people were evacuated throughout Tamaulipas.
The highest 24-hour rainfall report was 214.9 mm in Tamuin, San Luis Potosí.
The highest 24-hour rainfall report was 185.2 mm in Tamesi, Tamaulipas.
The highest precipitation reading associated with Tropical Storm Gert was 117 mm in El Higo, Veracruz.
Damage overall from Tropical Storm Gert was minimal.
Damage from Tropical Storm Gert amounted to $6 million (2005 USD).
Damage from Tropical Storm Gert amounted to $60 million (2005 MXN).
There was only one reported fatality from Tropical Storm Gert.
The reported fatality was from a man who was carried away by the La Silla River.
The man was pushing a stalled car across the flooded stream.
Most of the damage in Tamaulipas was in farmland and in residents' dwellings.
The damage in Tamaulipas was primarily near Matamoros, Valle Hermoso, Reynosa, and San Fernando.
Part of the city of Matamoros lost power and running water.
Two schools were damaged in Valle Hermoso.
In Reynosa, 180 people were evacuated from low-lying areas in five districts of the city.
In San Fernando, the main highway through the city was closed.
Traffic on the bridge over the Conchos River was restricted to one lane in San Fernando.
In Mier, the spillway of the Las Blancas Dam was overtopped.
The overtopping of the spillway caused a river bridge to be destroyed.
The overtopping of the spillway caused electric power to be lost.
In Río Bravo, 50 families were evacuated.
Seven collective farms became hard to reach by road in Río Bravo.
Approximately 90% of the residences in the farms were affected by the storm in Río Bravo.
In Altamira, 200 families were evacuated.
The 200 families in Altamira were relocated to seven shelters.
In the municipalities of Burgos, Cruillas, and Méndez, there was flooding in collective farms and family dwellings.
The municipalities of Mier, Reynosa, Río Bravo, Valle Hermoso, Matamoros, San Fernando, San Carlos, Burgos, Cruillas, Méndez, Soto la Marina, Mante, and Altamira were affected in Tamaulipas.
The municipalities in Tamaulipas lost potable water and electricity.
The state government promised to take the necessary steps to prevent an outbreak of dengue and West Nile virus.
By June 29, there had already been 187 cases of classic dengue.
By June 29, there had already been 29 cases of hemorrhagic dengue.
The number of classic dengue cases was up from 8 cases two years before.
There were no cases of classic dengue the previous year.
In Nuevo León, about 6,000 residents who lived near the Conchos, Guayalejo, and Grande Rivers were evacuated from their residences.
The precipitation from Tropical Storm Gert caused about 100 collective farms to become isolated from the rest of the state in the municipality of Montemorelos.
In the city of Montemorelos, one building was evacuated.
A 100 ft fissure appeared on the ground near the evacuated building in Montemorelos.
In the municipalities of San Vicente Tancuayalab, Valles, and Ebano, 100 people were evacuated.