The Tithonus poem is also known as the old age poem.
The Tithonus poem is also known as the New Sappho.
The Tithonus poem is a poem by the archaic Greek poet Sappho.
The Tithonus poem is part of fragment 58 in Eva-Maria Voigt's edition of Sappho.
The Tithonus poem is from Book IV of the Alexandrian edition of Sappho's poetry.
The Tithonus poem has been partially known since 1922.
In 2004, more papyrus fragments were published.
The publication of more papyrus fragments in 2004 drew international media attention.
The publication of more papyrus fragments in 2004 almost completed the Tithonus poem.
The Tithonus poem is one of very few substantially complete poems by Sappho.
The Tithonus poem deals with the effects of ageing.
There is scholarly debate about where the Tithonus poem ends.
Four lines previously thought to have been part of the Tithonus poem are not found on the 2004 papyrus.
Part of the Tithonus poem was originally published in 1922.
The original publication of part of the Tithonus poem was on a fragment of papyrus from Oxyrhynchus.
The fragment from Oxyrhynchus preserved part of 27 lines of Sappho's poetry.
The papyrus from Oxyrhynchus appears to be part of a copy of Book IV of the Alexandrian edition of Sappho's poetry.
All of the poems on the papyrus from Oxyrhynchus appear to be in the same metre.
The handwriting on the papyrus from Oxyrhynchus can be dated to the second century AD.
The papyrus from Oxyrhynchus is part of the collection of the Sackler Library in Oxford University.
In 2004, Martin Gronewald and Robert Daniel published three fragments of papyrus from the Cologne Papyrus Collection.
The three fragments published by Martin Gronewald and Robert Daniel provided the almost complete text to five stanzas of the Tithonus poem.
The Cologne papyrus is preserved on cartonnage.
The Cologne papyrus is from the early third century BC.
The Cologne papyrus is the oldest known papyrus containing a poem by Sappho.
The papyrus from Cologne is part of an anthology of poetry.
The poems in the anthology of poetry in the Cologne papyrus are grouped together by similar themes.
Along with the Tithonus poem, two other poems are preserved on the Cologne papyrus published by Gronewald and Daniel.
One of the two other poems preserved on the Cologne papyrus is in the same metre as the Tithonus poem.
One of the two other poems preserved on the Cologne papyrus is written in a different hand and in a different metre.
The metre of the last poem preserved on the Cologne papyrus has characteristics which do not appear in any known metre used by the Lesbian poets.
The last poem preserved on the Cologne papyrus contains word forms which appear not to be in the Aeolic dialect used by Sappho.
The last poem preserved on the Cologne papyrus refers to the myth of Orpheus in a form not known to have existed in Sappho's time.
The last poem preserved on the Cologne papyrus cannot be by Sappho.
The Tithonus poem is twelve lines long.
The Tithonus poem is in a metre called "acephalous Hipponacteans with internal double-choriambic expansion."
The Tithonus poem is the fourth poem by Sappho to be sufficiently complete to treat as an entire work.
The Ode to Aphrodite is one of the poems by Sappho that is sufficiently complete to treat as an entire work.
Fragment 16 is one of the poems by Sappho that is sufficiently complete to treat as an entire work.
Fragment 31 is one of the poems by Sappho that is sufficiently complete to treat as an entire work.
The Brothers Poem was discovered in 2014.
The Tithonus poem is written as an exhortation to a group of young women.
The Tithonus poem puts forward the singer as an example to emulate.
The Tithonus poem discusses the singer's old age.
The Tithonus poem tells the audience that they too will grow old and lose their beauty.
The Tithonus poem tells the audience that their musical abilities will be retained.
The Tithonus poem is one of a number of Sappho's poems which discuss old age.
The common name of the Tithonus poem comes from the Greek myth of Tithonus.
The Greek myth of Tithonus is mentioned in lines 9 to 12 of the Tithonus poem.
The story of Tithonus was popular in archaic Greek poetry.
The reference to Tithonus in the Tithonus poem seems out of place, according to Rawles.
Martin Litchfield West considers that the lines mentioning Tithonus seem like a weak ending to the Tithonus poem.
Tithonus functions as a parallel to Sappho in her old age.
The metre of the Tithonus poem was already known before the discovery of the Cologne papyrus.
The metre of the Tithonus poem is known from four quotations of Sappho.
Two of the four quotations of Sappho are preserved in the Enchiridion of Hephaestion.
Hephaestion describes the metre of the Tithonus poem as aiolikon.
Hephaestion says that Sappho used the metre frequently.
The metre of the Tithonus poem is of the form "× ¯ ˘ ˘ ¯ ¯ ˘ ˘ ¯ ¯ ˘ ˘ ¯ ˘ ¯ ¯."
The metre of the Tithonus poem is part of the larger class of aeolic metres.
The poems in the metre of the Tithonus poem by Sappho are conventionally thought to have been from the fourth book of the Alexandrian edition.
No direct evidence confirms or denies that the poems in the metre of the Tithonus poem by Sappho are from the fourth book of the Alexandrian edition.
Before the Cologne papyri were published in 2004, lines 11 to 26 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787 were considered to be a single poem.
Lines 11 to 26 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787 are fragment 58 in the Lobel-Page numbering system.
Lines 11 to 26 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787 are fragment 58 in the Voigt numbering system.
The poem on the Cologne papyrus only contains 12 lines.
The 12 lines of the poem on the Cologne papyrus begin with line 11 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787.
The beginning of the 12 lines of the poem on the Cologne papyrus confirms the long-standing suggestion that the poem began at line 11 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787.
The Cologne version of the poem is missing what were long believed to be the final four lines of the poem.
Scholars disagree about how the missing four lines should be interpreted.
André Lardinois lists possible explanations for the interpretation of the missing four lines.
One possible explanation is that the Cologne papyrus did not contain the full poem, but only the first twelve lines.
One possible explanation is that the poem does end after line twelve and the final lines on the Oxyrhynchus papyrus were part of another poem.
One possible explanation is that there were two different endings for the poem, one at line twelve and one continuing on to line sixteen.
West argues that the four lines missing from the Cologne papyrus were part of a separate poem.
Lardinois comments that there is no evidence in the Oxyrhynchus papyrus to confirm or deny West's argument.
Other scholars, including Gronewald and Daniel, believe that the Tithonus poem did continue for these four lines.
Lardinois suggests that there may have been two versions of the Tithonus poem current in antiquity.
One version of the Tithonus poem may end after the twelfth line.
Another version of the Tithonus poem may continue to line 16.
Gregory Nagy agrees that there were two versions of the Tithonus poem appropriate for different performance contexts.
If the four contested lines were part of the Tithonus poem, the poem's tone would have changed significantly.
The sixteen-line version of the Tithonus poem has a much more optimistic ending than the twelve-line version.
The sixteen-line version of the Tithonus poem expresses hope for an afterlife.
The publication of the Cologne papyri in 2004 made the Tithonus poem almost complete.
The publication of the Cologne papyri in 2004 drew international attention from both scholars and the popular press.
The discovery of the Cologne papyri was covered in newspapers in the US.
The discovery of the Cologne papyri was covered in newspapers in the UK.
The discovery of the Cologne papyri was covered online.
The Daily Telegraph described the discovery of the Cologne papyri as "the rarest of gifts."
Marylin Skinner said that the discovery of the Cologne papyri was the find of a lifetime for classicists.
Since the discovery of the Cologne papyri, there has been a significant amount of scholarship on the Tithonus poem.
At the 138th annual meeting of the American Philological Association, two separate panels discussed the Tithonus poem.
Papers based on the panels at the 138th annual meeting of the American Philological Association were later published as The New Sappho on Old Age.
The New Sappho on Old Age was edited by Marylin Skinner and Ellen Greene.
At least two other collections of essays on the Cologne papyri have been published.