Group 4 is a group of elements in the periodic table.
Group 4 contains the elements titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), hafnium (Hf), and rutherfordium (Rf).
Group 4 lies in the d-block of the periodic table.
Group 4 has not acquired a trivial name.
Group 4 belongs to the broader grouping of the transition metals.
The three Group 4 elements that occur naturally are titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and hafnium (Hf).
The first three members of Group 4 share similar properties.
All three naturally occurring Group 4 elements are hard refractory metals under standard conditions.
Rutherfordium (Rf) has been synthesized in the laboratory.
None of the isotopes of rutherfordium (Rf) have been found occurring in nature.
All isotopes of rutherfordium (Rf) are radioactive.
No experiments in a supercollider have been conducted to synthesize unpenthexium (Uph).
It is unlikely that unpenthexium (Uph) will be synthesized in the near future.
Members of Group 4 show patterns in their electron configuration.
The outermost shells of Group 4 elements result in trends in chemical behavior.
Most of the chemistry has been observed only for titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and hafnium (Hf).
The chemistry of rutherfordium (Rf) is not very established.
The rest of the section deals only with titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and hafnium (Hf).
All elements of Group 4 are reactive metals.
The melting points of titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), hafnium (Hf), and rutherfordium (Rf) are 1668 °C, 1855 °C, 2233 °C, and 2100 °C, respectively.
The reactivity of Group 4 elements is not always obvious.
The rapid formation of a stable oxide layer prevents further reactions of Group 4 elements.
The oxides TiO2, ZrO2, and HfO2 are white solids.
The oxides TiO2, ZrO2, and HfO2 have high melting points.
The oxides TiO2, ZrO2, and HfO2 are unreactive against most acids.
All three naturally occurring Group 4 elements form various inorganic compounds.
All three naturally occurring Group 4 elements generally exist in the oxidation state of +4.
The first three naturally occurring Group 4 metals are resistant to concentrated alkalis.
Halogens react with the first three naturally occurring Group 4 metals to form tetrahalides.
At higher temperatures, all three naturally occurring Group 4 metals react with oxygen, nitrogen, carbon, boron, sulfur, and silicon.
Zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) have nearly identical ionic radii due to the lanthanide contraction.
The ionic radius of Zr4+ is 79 picometers.
The ionic radius of Hf4+ is 78 picometers.
Zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) exhibit nearly identical chemical behavior.
Zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) form similar chemical compounds.
The chemistry of hafnium (Hf) is so similar to that of zirconium (Zr) that a separation on chemical reactions was not possible.
Only the physical properties of the compounds of hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) differ.
The melting points and boiling points of the compounds of hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) are major differences in their chemistry.
The solubility in solvents is a major difference in the chemistry of hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr).
Titanium (Ti) is considerably different from zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) due to the effects of the lanthanide contraction.
William Gregor, Franz Joseph Muller, and Martin Heinrich Klaproth independently discovered titanium (Ti) between 1791 and 1795.
Klaproth named titanium (Ti) for the Titans of Greek mythology.
Klaproth discovered zirconium (Zr) in the mineral zircon in 1789.
Klaproth named zirconium (Zr) after the already known Zirkonerde (zirconia).
Dmitri Mendeleev predicted hafnium (Hf) in 1869.
Henry Moseley measured the effective nuclear charge of hafnium (Hf) by X-ray spectroscopy to be 72 in 1914.
The effective nuclear charge of hafnium (Hf) places it between the already known elements lutetium and tantalum.
Dirk Coster and Georg von Hevesy were the first to search for hafnium (Hf) in zirconium ores.
Dirk Coster and Georg von Hevesy discovered hafnium (Hf) in 1923 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
The discovery of hafnium (Hf) validated the original 1869 prediction of Dmitri Mendeleev.
There has been some controversy surrounding the discovery of hafnium (Hf).
The extent to which Dirk Coster and Georg von Hevesy were guided by Niels Bohr's prediction is controversial.
Niels Bohr predicted that hafnium (Hf) would be a transition metal rather than a rare earth element.
Titanium (Ti) and zirconium (Zr) were discovered in the late 18th century.
It took until 1923 for hafnium (Hf) to be identified.
The delay in identifying hafnium (Hf) was partly due to its relative scarcity.
The chemical similarity between zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) made a separation difficult.
Hafnium (Hf) was left undiscovered because chemists did not know what to look for.
All samples of zirconium (Zr) and all of its compounds contained significant amounts of hafnium (Hf).
Rutherfordium (Rf) was reportedly first detected in 1966 at the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research at Dubna.
Researchers at the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research bombarded 242Pu with accelerated 22Ne ions.
Researchers at the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research separated the reaction products by gradient thermochromatography.
The reaction products were separated after conversion to chlorides by interaction with ZrCl4.
The production of the metals in Group 4 is difficult due to their reactivity.
The formation of oxides, nitrides, and carbides must be avoided to yield workable metals.
The Kroll process is normally used to avoid the formation of oxides, nitrides, and carbides.
The oxides (MO2) are reacted with coal and chlorine to form the chlorides (MCl4).
The chlorides of the metals are then reacted with magnesium.
The reaction of the chlorides with magnesium yields magnesium chloride and the metals.
Further purification of Group 4 metals is done by a chemical transport reaction.
The chemical transport reaction was developed by Anton Eduard van Arkel and Jan Hendrik de Boer.
In a closed vessel, the metal reacts with iodine at temperatures above 500 °C.
The reaction of the metal with iodine forms metal (IV) iodide.
At a tungsten filament of nearly 2000 °C, the reverse reaction happens.
The reverse reaction sets free the iodine and metal.
The metal forms a solid coating at the tungsten filament.
The iodine can react with additional metal resulting in a steady turnover.
If the abundance of elements in Earth's crust is compared, the abundance of titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and hafnium (Hf) decreases with an increase of atomic mass.
Titanium (Ti) is the seventh most abundant metal in Earth's crust.
The abundance of titanium (Ti) in Earth's crust is 6320 ppm.
Zirconium (Zr) has an abundance of 162 ppm in Earth's crust.
Hafnium (Hf) has an abundance of 3 ppm in Earth's crust.
All three stable elements occur in heavy mineral sands ore deposits.
Heavy mineral sands ore deposits are placer deposits formed in beach environments.
Heavy mineral sands ore deposits are formed by concentration due to the specific gravity of the mineral grains of erosion material from mafic and ultramafic rock.
The titanium minerals are mostly anatase and rutile.
Zirconium (Zr) occurs in the mineral zircon.
Up to 5% of the zirconium (Zr) in zircon is replaced by hafnium (Hf).
The largest producers of Group 4 elements are Australia, South Africa, and Canada.
Titanium (Ti) metal and its alloys have a wide range of applications.
The corrosion resistance of titanium (Ti) metal and its alloys is beneficial.
The heat stability of titanium (Ti) metal and its alloys is beneficial.
The low density of titanium (Ti) metal and its alloys is beneficial.
The foremost use of corrosion-resistant hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) is in nuclear reactors.
Zirconium (Zr) has a very low thermal neutron-capture cross-section.
Hafnium (Hf) has a high thermal neutron-capture cross-section.
Zirconium (Zr) is used as cladding of fuel rods in nuclear reactors.
Hafnium (Hf) is used as a control rod for nuclear reactors.
Each hafnium (Hf) atom can absorb multiple neutrons.
Smaller amounts of hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) are used in superalloys.
Hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) improve the properties of superalloys.
The group 4 elements are not known to be involved in the biological chemistry of any living systems.
The group 4 elements are hard refractory metals.
The group 4 elements have low aqueous solubility.
The group 4 elements have low availability to the biosphere.
Titanium (Ti) is one of the few first-row d-block transition metals with no known biological role.
Rutherfordium's (Rf) radioactivity would make it toxic to living cells.
Titanium (Ti) is non-toxic even in large doses.
Titanium (Ti) does not play any natural role inside the human body.
Zirconium (Zr) powder can cause irritation.
Only contact with the eyes requires medical attention for zirconium (Zr) powder.
OSHA recommends a 5 mg/m3 time-weighted average limit for zirconium (Zr).
OSHA recommends a 10 mg/m3 short-term exposure limit for zirconium (Zr).
Only limited data exists on the toxicology of hafnium (Hf).