Lodewijk van den Berg was born on March 24, 1932.
Lodewijk van den Berg is a Dutch American chemical engineer.
Lodewijk van den Berg specializes in crystal growth.
Lodewijk van den Berg flew on a 1985 Space Shuttle Challenger mission as a Payload Specialist.
Lodewijk van den Berg was the first Dutch-born astronaut.
Lodewijk van den Berg was a naturalized American citizen at the time of flight.
Lodewijk van den Berg is married.
Lodewijk van den Berg has two children.
As of 2014, Lodewijk van den Berg resides in Florida.
Lodewijk van den Berg works as a chief scientist at the Constellation Technology Corporation.
Lodewijk van den Berg was educated in the Netherlands.
Lodewijk van den Berg attended the Delft University of Technology from 1949 to 1961.
Lodewijk van den Berg earned his Engineer's degree in chemical engineering.
Lodewijk van den Berg moved to the United States to continue studying at the University of Delaware.
Lodewijk van den Berg obtained a MSc degree in applied science.
Lodewijk van den Berg obtained a PhD degree in applied science in 1974.
Lodewijk van den Berg was offered a job at EG & G Corporation Energy Measurements in Goleta, California.
Lodewijk van den Berg worked on crystal growth at EG & G Corporation.
EG & G Corporation was a defense contractor of the United States government.
EG & G Corporation dealt with sensitive information and science.
Lodewijk van den Berg became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 1975.
Lodewijk van den Berg gathered years of research and management experience in the preparation of crystalline materials.
Lodewijk van den Berg became an international authority on vapor growth techniques.
Lodewijk van den Berg emphasized mercuric iodide crystals in his work.
Mercuric iodide crystals have applications in the nuclear industry as gamma ray detectors.
Lodewijk van den Berg asked NASA for permission to conduct crystal growth experiments in space.
NASA approved Lodewijk van den Berg's request to conduct crystal growth experiments in space.
Lodewijk van den Berg and his colleagues designed the EG & G Vapor Crystal Growth System experiment apparatus for a Space Shuttle flight.
The EG & G Vapor Crystal Growth System experiment required an in-flight operator.
NASA decided it would be easier to train a crystal growth scientist to become an astronaut than the other way around.
NASA asked EG & G and Lodewijk van den Berg to compile a list of eight people who would qualify to perform the science experiments in space.
Lodewijk van den Berg and Dr. Harold A. Lamonds could only come up with seven names for the list.
Dr. Harold A. Lamonds proposed adding Lodewijk van den Berg to the list.
Dr. Harold A. Lamonds joked with Lodewijk van den Berg about his age, huge glasses, and little strength.
Lodewijk van den Berg agreed to be added to the list.
Lodewijk van den Berg did not consider himself being selected to be a realistic scenario.
The first selection round consisted of a selection based on science qualifications in the field in question.
Lodewijk van den Berg easily passed the first selection round.
The final four candidates were tested on physical and mental qualifications.
Lodewijk van den Berg passed the tests for physical and mental qualifications.
Two of the other candidates failed due to possible heart issues.
Lodewijk van den Berg became part of the final two candidates.
NASA always trains two astronauts, a prime and a back-up.
Lodewijk van den Berg started to train as an astronaut in 1983.
Six months before the launch, Lodewijk van den Berg was told that he would be the prime astronaut.
Lodewijk van den Berg was surprised to be selected as the prime astronaut.
Lodewijk van den Berg was 53 years old when he went into space.
Lodewijk van den Berg was one of the oldest rookie astronauts.
Lodewijk van den Berg was assigned as Payload Specialist on STS-51B Challenger.
STS-51B Challenger was launched from the Kennedy Space Center, Florida.
STS-51B Challenger returned to land at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
STS-51B was the first operational Spacelab mission.
The seven-man crew aboard Challenger conducted investigations into crystal growth.
The investigations included drop dynamics leading to containerless material processing.
The investigations included atmospheric trace gas spectroscopy.
The investigations included solar and planetary atmospheric simulation.
The investigations included cosmic rays.
The investigations included laboratory-animal and human medical monitoring.
Lodewijk van den Berg was a co-investigator of the Vapor Crystal Growth System experiment.
Lodewijk van den Berg was responsible for the crystal growth aspects of the Vapor Crystal Growth System experiment.
Lodewijk van den Berg had intimate knowledge of Vapor Crystal Growth System hardware.
Lodewijk van den Berg participated in all major design and science reviews of the Vapor Crystal Growth System.
Lodewijk van den Berg traveled over 2.9 million miles in 110 Earth orbits by the end of the mission.
Lodewijk van den Berg logged over 168 hours in space.
After returning to Earth, Lodewijk van den Berg continued to work on crystal growth experiments at EG & G in California.
Lodewijk van den Berg became the head of the section of materials science at EG & G.
Lodewijk van den Berg moved to Florida to become a chief scientist at the Constellation Technology Corporation.
At age 72, Lodewijk van den Berg continued to work up to 40 hours a week.
Lodewijk van den Berg grows crystals, a process he compares to gardening.
Lodewijk van den Berg grows Mercuric Iodide crystals.
Mercuric Iodide crystals are used to make precision detectors for nuclear radiation.
The precision detectors for nuclear radiation are used in medical applications.
The precision detectors for nuclear radiation are used by the defense industry.
The precision detectors for nuclear radiation are used by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Lodewijk van den Berg visits the Netherlands every two years.
Lodewijk van den Berg was the subject of a short 2004 documentary by Netwerk called "The forgotten astronaut."
The main belt asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L) was named after Lodewijk van den Berg.
The asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L) is now known as 11430 Lodewijkberg.
The asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L) was discovered on October 17, 1960.
Cornelis Johannes van Houten discovered the asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L).
Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld discovered the asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L).
Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld discovered the asteroid at Leiden Observatory.
Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld were studying photographic plates taken by Tom Gehrels.
Tom Gehrels used the Palomar Observatory's Samuel Oschin telescope to take the photographic plates.