Major League Baseball is a sports video game.
Major League Baseball was released in 1988.
Major League Baseball was released for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
Major League Baseball is notable for being one of the first video games licensed by Major League Baseball.
Major League Baseball was not endorsed by the Major League Baseball Players Association.
Major League Baseball could not name the actual players due to the lack of endorsement from the Major League Baseball Players Association.
Major League Baseball was able to use the players' numbers.
Major League Baseball accurately portrayed the contemporary teams and their rosters.
Major League Baseball became the first baseball game for the Nintendo Entertainment System to carry official Major League Baseball licensing and lineups.
Major League Baseball was developed by Atlus.
Major League Baseball was published by LJN.
Major League Baseball featured many facets of realistic gameplay.
Major League Baseball focused on managerial details.
Choosing a well-balanced team is important in Major League Baseball.
Major League Baseball was considered a three-dimensional game at the time of its release.
Major League Baseball was featured in the first issue of Nintendo Power.
There had been two games released with the official endorsement of Major League Baseball prior to 1988.
In 1980, Mattel Electronics released Major League Baseball for the Atari 2600 and the Intellivision.
The version of Major League Baseball released in 1980 is also known as Super Challenge Baseball and Big League Baseball.
The 1980 version of Major League Baseball was developed by APh Technological Consulting.
In 1984, MicroLeague was licensed to develop and publish MicroLeague Baseball.
MicroLeague Baseball was released for the Amiga, Atari ST, Commodore 64, and PC.
MicroLeague Baseball contained contemporary and classic teams and players.
MicroLeague released extra disks that featured additional lineups.
In 1988, Atlus signed on to develop an official Major League Baseball game for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
The 1988 Major League Baseball game was the first official Major League Baseball game for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
In 1987, Tengen released R.B.I. Baseball for the NES.
R.B.I. Baseball contained a Major League Baseball Players Association license.
R.B.I. Baseball did not have an endorsement from Major League Baseball.
The players were named in R.B.I. Baseball.
The team names and logos were absent in R.B.I. Baseball.
Generic place references such as Boston or St. Louis replaced the team names and logos in R.B.I. Baseball.
An earlier version for the console, entitled Baseball, was released in 1985.
The earlier version entitled Baseball contained no endorsement from either Major League Baseball or the Major League Baseball Players Association.
American company LJN agreed to be the publisher of Major League Baseball.
David Rolfe was brought on board as the game's programmer.
David Rolfe had previously been a publisher with Activision.
David Rolfe had been a chief contributor to the foundations of the Intellivision.
The game features all twenty-six teams that existed in 1987.
The lineups and player numbers in Major League Baseball are accurate to the team rosters of 1987.
The team members in Major League Baseball are only listed by number, not name.
The players in Major League Baseball are represented by their statistics, abilities, throwing arm, and placement in the batting order.
Major League Baseball was the first NES game to be officially endorsed by Major League Baseball.
Major League Baseball features accurate contemporary lineups.
The actual player names are not attached to their numbers in Major League Baseball.
Managerial decisions are a focus in Major League Baseball.
Game players are allowed to select their own lineups in Major League Baseball.
Major League Baseball lacks Sabermetrics statistics due to the limitations of the era.
The manager in Major League Baseball must make decisions based on data such as player averages and home run totals.
The manager in Major League Baseball has the ability to change and decide who will be a pinch-hitter.
The manager in Major League Baseball has the ability to decide who will be a substitute pitcher.
The manager in Major League Baseball is allowed to pick out a designated hitter.
The game prohibits players from putting out more team members in a certain part of the field than would normally be allowed.
Deciding which player will be used where is part of the experience in Major League Baseball.
There are three modes that can be played in Major League Baseball: regular season games, All-Star games, or the World Series.
The World Series rounds in Major League Baseball are only one match each.
The World Series rounds in Major League Baseball are not accurate to the real World Series.
Due to the licensing, the teams in Major League Baseball appear complete in their official uniforms and colors.
The teams in Major League Baseball have all the options that a real baseball player would have.
The options that a real baseball player would have in Major League Baseball include bunting, pitching out, base stealing, and throwing errors.
In Major League Baseball, the pitcher is unable to move around the pitcher's mound.
Many pitchers in Major League Baseball are able to perform 100 mph pitches.
The ball's physics in Major League Baseball have been called into question.
The ball in Major League Baseball stops on a dime after three or fewer bounces.
The game's camera system in Major League Baseball does not function properly.
When a ball is hit in Major League Baseball, the outfield camera follows the ball looking upwards.
It is impossible for the game player to see where their fielders are when the outfield camera follows the ball looking upwards.
The ball in Major League Baseball can be thrown and get stuck in the well between the stands and the field on an overthrow of a baseman.
The ball getting stuck in the well between the stands and the field can cause inside the park home runs in Major League Baseball.
Inside the park home runs would not happen within a real game.
In a real game, a ground rule double and/or error would be scored instead of an inside the park home run.
Another bug in Major League Baseball allows players to go into the stands past the wall with the ball if they enter at certain points in foul territory.
There are gameplay issues when the player takes their turn to bat in Major League Baseball.
The AI in Major League Baseball is not developed.
When the player hits a pitch in Major League Baseball, the AI nearly always takes the longest possible route to the ball.
The AI taking the longest possible route to the ball makes runs easier to score in Major League Baseball.
The AI in Major League Baseball lacks the capability to throw out a runner who is returning to a base.
The AI in Major League Baseball lacks the capability to perform a double play after catching a fly ball.
The batter in Major League Baseball can only move vertically in the batter's box.
The batter in Major League Baseball cannot move horizontally in the batter's box.
The graphics in Major League Baseball were considered to be three-dimensional.
The graphics in Major League Baseball were constrained by the technology at the time.
All the players in Major League Baseball are Caucasian.
Each player's batting stance in Major League Baseball is exactly the same.
The game view in Major League Baseball is always top down.
When batting or pitching in Major League Baseball, the game view is centered above the catcher.
When batting or pitching in Major League Baseball, the game view is behind the batter.
When batting or pitching in Major League Baseball, the game view has an overhead look of the pitcher.
In the outfield of Major League Baseball, there is an aerial view of a portion of the field.
The team members in Major League Baseball are represented by tiny sprites.
There is an inset with red dots representing where the players are on base in Major League Baseball.
The official colors are intact in Major League Baseball.
The actual symbols on the uniforms are absent in Major League Baseball.
The crowd in Major League Baseball is represented by a series of colored dots.
There are a limited number of sound effects in Major League Baseball.
Aside from brief ballpark jingles, there is no real background music present during the game in Major League Baseball.
The charge fanfare is played at random points in Major League Baseball.
The introductory screen in Major League Baseball begins with a different baseball tune while the player is loading up and selecting a team.
A home run fanfare is present in Major League Baseball.
Generic sound effects in Major League Baseball include the bat cracking upon contact with the ball.
Generic sound effects in Major League Baseball include the sound of the ball flying through the air during a pitch.
Generic sound effects in Major League Baseball include bouncing and throwing effects.
Generic sound effects in Major League Baseball include a stream of crowd noises.
Major League Baseball was compared to R.B.I. Baseball and Bases Loaded in Nintendo Power.
Nintendo Power did not pass any judgment on which game was superior.
Allgame's review of Major League Baseball rated it three stars out of five.
Allgame rated R.B.I. Baseball three stars out of five.
Allgame rated Bases Loaded half a star higher than Major League Baseball.