Mac Marcoux was born on 20 June 1997 in Haviland Bay, Ontario.
Mac Marcoux is a Canadian Paralympic Alpine skier.
Mac Marcoux won three titles at the IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup at the age of 15.
Mac Marcoux won three medals in alpine skiing at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
Mac Marcoux won a gold medal in the men's visually impaired giant slalom at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
Mac Marcoux has numerous awards.
Mac Marcoux was inducted into the Sault Ste. Marie Walk of Fame.
Mac Marcoux has an older brother.
Mac Marcoux has a younger sister.
Mac Marcoux enjoys riding BMX bikes.
Mac Marcoux enjoys riding mountain bikes.
Mac Marcoux started skiing at the age of four.
Mac Marcoux rode BMX bikes before becoming blind.
Mac Marcoux raced go-karts before becoming blind.
Mac Marcoux started losing his sight in 2006 due to Stargardt disease.
Mac Marcoux became legally blind in 2007.
Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux is Mac Marcoux's brother.
Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux decided to put his college education on hold to assist Mac Marcoux with skiing.
Alpine Canada introduced Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux to a new kind of skiing called Para-Alpine.
Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were inspired by the McKeever brothers to do visually impaired para-alpine skiing.
Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux has been Mac Marcoux's sighted guide since he lost his vision.
Mac Marcoux is classified as a B3 (visually impaired) athlete.
Mac Marcoux competed at the 2013 IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup in Mount Hutt, New Zealand at the age of 15.
Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux was Mac Marcoux's guide at the 2013 IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup.
Mac Marcoux won three medals at the 2013 IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup.
Mac Marcoux won a silver medal in the Giant Slalom at the 2013 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships in La Molina, Spain.
Mac Marcoux became the national Slalom champion at Sun Peaks, British Columbia.
Mac Marcoux became the national Giant Slalom champion at Sun Peaks, British Columbia.
Mac Marcoux competed in the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi.
Mac Marcoux was the youngest member of the Canadian Paralympic Team at the age of 16.
Robin Femy was Mac Marcoux's guide at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
Mac Marcoux won a bronze medal in the Downhill at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
Mac Marcoux won a bronze medal in the Super-G at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
Mac Marcoux won a gold medal in the Giant Slalom at the 2014 Winter Paralympics by over two seconds.
Mac Marcoux said that winning gold at the 2014 Winter Paralympics was the best moment of his life.
Mac Marcoux said he could not explain how amazing winning gold at the 2014 Winter Paralympics was.
Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were inducted into the Sault Ste. Marie Walk of Fame on 19 September 2014.
Mac Marcoux raced BMX bikes with Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux before he was blind.
Mac Marcoux fished after he lost his sight.
Mac Marcoux rode mountain bikes at Whistler with a guide after he lost his sight.
Mac Marcoux used a radio communication system while riding mountain bikes at Whistler.
Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were presented the H.P. Broughton Trophy.
Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were named into the Sault Ste. Marie Walk of Fame.
Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were inducted into the Sault Ste. Marie Sports Hall of Fame in October 2014.
Debbie Amaroso is the mayor who inducted Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux into the Sault Ste. Marie Sports Hall of Fame.