"The Daedalus Variations" is the 84th episode of the science fiction television series Stargate Atlantis.
"The Daedalus Variations" is the fourth episode in the fifth season of Stargate Atlantis.
"The Daedalus Variations" first aired on August 1, 2008, on the Sci Fi Channel in the United States.
"The Daedalus Variations" subsequently aired on October 9, 2008, on Sky One in the United Kingdom.
The episode was written by Alan McCullough.
The episode was directed by Andy Mikita.
Richard Woolsey does not appear in "The Daedalus Variations."
Jennifer Keller does not appear in "The Daedalus Variations."
Richard Woolsey is credited during the opening title sequence of "The Daedalus Variations."
Jennifer Keller is credited during the opening title sequence of "The Daedalus Variations."
The episode bears similarities to the Flying Dutchman.
The Flying Dutchman is a mythical ghost ship that drifts forever in the ocean with no chance of returning home.
"The Daedalus Variations" received generally favorable reviews.
Episode writer Alan McCullough described "The Daedalus Variations" as a one-off "wild romp."
"The Daedalus Variations" makes much use of visual effects.
The episode follows John Sheppard and his team.
John Sheppard and his team investigate the mysterious appearance of the Daedalus over Atlantis.
The Daedalus is from a parallel universe.
The Daedalus makes its way through various alternate realities with an "alternate reality drive."
John Sheppard's team is stuck on the Daedalus.
John Sheppard's team seeks to find a way to return.
John Sheppard's team runs into contact with a newly introduced alien race.
The Daedalus's new drive is slowly burning out.
John Sheppard's team could be stranded in another universe forever.
A spaceship appears out of nowhere over Atlantis.
John Sheppard and his team discover that the ship is the Daedalus.
Stargate Command confirms that the Daedalus is actually two days away from Earth.
John Sheppard's team boards the new Daedalus.
John Sheppard's team finds the Daedalus apparently abandoned.
The Daedalus shows signs of battle damage.
Teyla views a log entry from the Daedalus commander, Colonel Sobel.
John Sheppard's team has never heard of Colonel Sobel before.
There is a power spike.
The Daedalus disappears from above Atlantis.
From the perspective of John Sheppard's team, Atlantis disappears.
McKay finds that they have been propelled into a parallel universe.
McKay terms the device that propelled them an "alternate reality drive."
The Daedalus is actually from an alternate reality.
John Sheppard's team finds another version of themselves dead.
The dead version of John Sheppard's team comes from yet another parallel universe.
The dead version of John Sheppard's team was trapped aboard while investigating the ship.
The ship jumps again into a reality where Atlantis is under attack from an unfamiliar alien ship.
John Sheppard intervenes during the attack.
The aliens retaliate by launching fighters.
One of the fighters crashes into the Daedalus before it jumps again.
The Daedalus jumps into a universe where Atlantis's sun has already swelled into a red giant.
McKay increases the rate at which the alternate reality drive activates.
McKay warns that his modifications are irreversible.
John Sheppard's team must contend with aliens from the crashed fighter.
McKay figures out that there is no way to guide the alternate reality drive.
John Sheppard's team can return to their original reality by reversing the drive.
John Sheppard's team can jump back through the realities they had visited before.
John Sheppard's team uses the maneuvering thrusters to stabilize the ship's orbit above the red giant.
John Sheppard's team weathers another attack by the aliens.
An alternate Atlantis helps John Sheppard's team during the attack.
Once John Sheppard's team returns to their own reality, they leave the ship in space suits.
A remaining alien detonates an explosive.
The explosive causes a breach in the Daedalus's hull.
John Sheppard's team is picked up by Lorne after the Daedalus disappears.
McKay is shown working on fixing the alternate reality drive in the end.
Sheppard admonishes McKay.
The original concept of an episode involving alternate realities was a room in Atlantis that shifts into alternate realities.
The idea of a room in Atlantis that shifts into alternate realities had several issues.
One issue was the possibility of no Atlantis in one reality.
Robert C. Cooper suggested using the Daedalus.
The final draft of "The Daedalus Variations" was completed on February 11.
On February 12, the prosthetics meeting for the episode took place.
The prosthetics meeting for the episode involved the unknown aliens featured in "The Daedalus Variations."
The appearance of the aliens was revealed in the advertisement for the episode on July 27.
Alan McCullough described "The Daedalus Variations" as a "great team show."
Alan McCullough described "The Daedalus Variations" as a "visual effects spectacular."
On March 10, Captain Sobol was cast.
Captain Sobol was the alternate commander of the Daedalus.
Captain Sobol is not Colonel Caldwell.
By the time "The Daedalus Variations" aired, Captain Sobol was female.
Captain Sobol was portrayed by Tracy Waterhouse.
Captain Sobol held the rank of Colonel.
Captain Sobol's name was spelled "Sobel."
Much of "The Daedalus Variations" was filmed on the Daedalus set.
Visual effects were required to fill in the external shots of "The Daedalus Variations."
"The Daedalus Variations" was reportedly one of the most expensive VFX budgets in the series.
"The Daedalus Variations" is the most expensive episode for the season.
The star map behind the captain's chair of the Daedalus is usually lit green.
Alan McCullough deliberately turned the star map 90 degrees.
Alan McCullough changed the color of the star map from green to orange.
Alan McCullough changed the star map to make the ship different from the normal Daedalus.
Alan McCullough stated that "The Daedalus Variations" is a one-off.
Alan McCullough did not rule out a return beyond the fifth season.
Alan McCullough originally planned for the team to visit a reality where the Ancients won the war against the Wraith.
The idea of visiting a reality where the Ancients won the war against the Wraith was dropped.
The dropped idea would detract from the main storyline.
"The Daedalus Variations" was Jason Momoa's first appearance with his customized wig.
Jason Momoa had his hair cut by the time the fourth season was completed.
For the first three episodes of the fourth season, Jason Momoa had his hair sewn back on.
SCI FI would not allow Jason Momoa's hairstyle to be changed.
Jason Momoa switched to the wig after complaining about the pain of having his hair sewn on again.
"The Daedalus Variations" received a household rating of 1.3.
Stargate Atlantis was the fourth most viewed series for the week on Sci Fi Channel.
Stargate Atlantis was beaten by ECW on Sci Fi, which had a rating of 1.4.
Stargate Atlantis was beaten by Ghost Hunters International, which had a rating of 1.6.
Stargate Atlantis was beaten by the season three premiere of Eureka, which earned the highest rating of 2.1.
"The Daedalus Variations" was received generally positively.
Tory Ireland Mell of IGN praised "The Daedalus Variations" for its reasonably short teaser.
Tory Ireland Mell thought the shorter the teaser, the better the episode.
Tory Ireland Mell praised "The Daedalus Variations" for its gripping storyline.
Tory Ireland Mell praised "The Daedalus Variations" for the introduction of the alien race.
Tory Ireland Mell stated that very little is known about the alien race.
Tory Ireland Mell stated that the introduction of the alien race was "a perfect tease by the writers."
"The Daedalus Variations" was rated 9.1 out of 10 overall.
Marx Pyle of the SyFy Portal compared "The Daedalus Variations" to Atlantis's version of Star Trek: The Next Generation episode "Q Who?"
Marx Pyle compared "The Daedalus Variations" to the introduction of a new "big bad" for the future.
Marx Pyle praised "The Daedalus Variations" for being a "fun filler" episode.
Marx Pyle enjoyed the scene where the two Sheppards converse.
Marx Pyle enjoyed the space battle in "The Daedalus Variations."
Marx Pyle believed only Battlestar Galactica could beat the space battle in "The Daedalus Variations."
Marx Pyle criticized "The Daedalus Variations" for the absence of Richard Woolsey.
Marx Pyle criticized McKay's apparent quick understanding of new technologies, including the alternate reality drive.
Marx Pyle felt that Sci Fi gave away too much information from the previews of "The Daedalus Variations."