Moll's mother is a convict in Newgate Prison in London.
Moll's mother is given a reprieve by "pleading her belly."
Moll's mother is eventually transported to America.
Moll Flanders is not her birth name.
Moll Flanders is raised until adolescence by a goodly foster mother.
Moll Flanders gets attached to a household as a servant.
Moll Flanders is loved by both sons in the household.
The elder son convinces Moll Flanders to "act like they were married" in bed.
The elder son is unwilling to marry Moll Flanders.
The elder son persuades Moll Flanders to marry his younger brother.
Moll Flanders is widowed after five years of marriage.
Moll Flanders leaves her children in the care of in-laws.
Moll Flanders begins honing the skill of passing herself off as a fortuned widow.
Moll Flanders aims to attract a man who will marry her and provide her with security.
Moll Flanders's first husband is a "gentleman-tradesman."
Moll Flanders's first husband goes bankrupt.
Moll Flanders's first husband flees to the Continent.
Moll Flanders is left on her own with her first husband's blessing.
Moll Flanders and her first husband had one child together.
Moll Flanders's first child dies.
Moll Flanders makes a match that leads her to Virginia.
Moll Flanders's second husband is a kindly man.
Moll Flanders's second husband introduces her to his mother.
Moll Flanders has three children with her second husband.
One of Moll Flanders's three children dies.
Moll Flanders learns that her mother-in-law is not related to her.
Moll Flanders's husband is not her half-brother.
Moll Flanders dissolves her marriage to her second husband.
Moll Flanders continues to live with her brother for three years.
Moll Flanders travels back to England.
Moll Flanders leaves her two children behind.
Moll Flanders goes to live in Bath.
Moll Flanders seeks a new husband in Bath.
Moll Flanders returns to her con skills.
Moll Flanders develops a relationship with a man in Bath.
The man in Bath's wife is elsewhere confined due to insanity.
Moll Flanders's relationship with the man in Bath is at first platonic.
Moll Flanders becomes something of a "kept woman" in Hammersmith, London.
Moll Flanders and the man in Bath have three children.
One of Moll Flanders's three children lives.
The man in Bath repents after a severe illness.
The man in Bath breaks off the arrangement.
The man in Bath commits to his wife.
Moll Flanders is now 42 years old.
Moll Flanders resorts to another beau, a banker named Callum Murray.
Callum Murray is still married to an adulterous wife.
Callum Murray proposes to Moll Flanders.
Moll Flanders entrusts Callum Murray with her herd of cattle.
Moll Flanders pretends to have a great fortune to attract another wealthy husband named Samuel.
Moll Flanders becomes involved with some Roman Catholics in Lancashire.
The Roman Catholics try to convert Moll Flanders.
Moll Flanders marries a supposedly rich man named Bretton.
Moll Flanders soon realizes Bretton expected to receive a great herd of cattle.
Moll Flanders denies having a great herd of cattle.
Bretton admits that he has cheated Moll Flanders into marriage.
Bretton has lied about having money that he does not possess.
Bretton is in fact a ruined gentleman.
Bretton discharges Moll Flanders from the marriage.
Bretton tells Moll Flanders that she should inherit any money he might ever get.
Moll Flanders is now pregnant again.
Moll Flanders lets Callum Murray believe she is available.
Moll Flanders hopes Callum Murray returns.
Moll Flanders gives birth.
The midwife gives a tripartite scale of the costs of bearing a child.
The tripartite scale has one value level per social class.
Moll Flanders's son is born when Callum Murray's wife commits suicide.
Moll Flanders leaves her newborn in the care of a countrywoman.
Moll Flanders exchanges her newborn's care for the sum of £5 a year.
Moll Flanders marries Callum Murray.
Moll Flanders realizes "what an abominable creature I am!"
Moll Flanders realizes how this innocent gentleman is going to be abused by her.
Moll Flanders and Callum Murray live in happiness for five years.
Callum Murray becomes bankrupt.
Callum Murray dies of despair.
The fate of Moll Flanders's two children is left unstated.
Moll Flanders begins a career of artful thievery.
Moll Flanders employs her wits, beauty, charm, and femininity in her career of thievery.
Moll Flanders employs hard-heartedness and wickedness in her career of thievery.
Moll Flanders's career of thievery brings her the financial security she has always sought.
Moll Flanders assumes the name Moll Flanders.
Moll Flanders is known by the name Moll Flanders.
Moll Flanders is helped throughout her career as a thief by her Governess.
Moll Flanders's Governess also acts as a receiver.
Moll Flanders briefly becomes the mistress of a man she robbed.
Moll Flanders is finally caught by two maids while trying to steal from a house.
Moll Flanders is led to her repentance in Newgate.
Moll Flanders reunites with her soulmate, her "Lancashire husband."
Moll Flanders's "Lancashire husband" is also jailed for his robberies.
Moll Flanders is found guilty of felony.
Moll Flanders is not found guilty of burglary.
Moll Flanders's sentence is death in any case.
Moll Flanders convinces a minister of her repentance.
Moll Flanders and her Lancashire husband are sent to the Colonies to avoid hanging.
Moll Flanders and her Lancashire husband live happily together in the Colonies.
Moll Flanders talks the ship's captain into not being with the convicts sold upon arrival.
Moll Flanders talks the ship's captain into being in the captain's quarters.
Moll Flanders learns her mother has left her a plantation in the Colonies.
Moll Flanders learns that her own son (by her brother) is alive.
Moll Flanders learns that her brother/husband is alive.
Moll Flanders carefully introduces herself to her brother and their son in disguise.
Moll Flanders and her brother find a farm with 50 servants in Maryland.
Moll Flanders reveals herself to her son in Virginia.
Moll Flanders's son gives her her mother's inheritance.
Moll Flanders's mother's inheritance is a farm.
Moll Flanders's son will now be her steward.
Moll Flanders's son provides £100 a year income for her.
Moll Flanders makes her son her heir.
Moll Flanders gives her son a (stolen) gold watch.
Moll Flanders's life of conniving and desperation seems to be over.
Moll Flanders's brother/husband is dead.
Moll Flanders tells her Lancashire husband the entire story.
Moll Flanders's Lancashire husband is "perfectly easy on that account."
Moll Flanders's Lancashire husband states that it was no fault of hers.
Moll Flanders's Lancashire husband states that it was no fault of his.
Moll Flanders's Lancashire husband states that it was a mistake impossible to be prevented.
Moll Flanders is aged 69 in 1683.
Moll Flanders and her Lancashire husband return to England.
Moll Flanders and her Lancashire husband live "in sincere penitence for the wicked lives we have lived."