The story is told from the point of view of a first-person narrator.
Little is revealed about the first-person narrator before the final pages.
An extended meditation appears on the nature of human names.
The meditation includes the name Z. Marcas specifically.
The name Z. Marcas is composed of two syllables.
The name Z. Marcas has a sinister significance.
The man who bears the name Z. Marcas must be martyrized.
The name Z. Marcas has the right to go to posterity.
The name Z. Marcas is well composed.
The name Z. Marcas is easily pronounced.
The name Z. Marcas has brevity that is suitable for famous names.
The construction of the letter Z has an adverse influence.
The letter Z prefigures the wayward and fantastic progress of a storm-tossed life.
The narrator, Charles, lives with his friend Juste.
Charles and Juste live in a large boarding house.
The boarding house is populated almost entirely with students.
Charles is studying law.
Juste is studying medicine.
The sole exception in the boarding house is their middle-aged neighbor, Z. Marcas.
Charles and Juste see Z. Marcas only in momentary glimpses in the hall.
Charles and Juste learn that Z. Marcas is a copyist.
Z. Marcas is living on an extremely small salary.
When the students lack funds for tobacco, Z. Marcas offers them some of his own.
Charles and Juste become friends with Z. Marcas.
Z. Marcas tells Charles and Juste the story of his political career.
Marcas recognized at an early age that he had an incisive mind for politics.
Marcas allied himself with an unnamed man of some fame.
The unnamed man of some fame lacked wisdom and insight.
Marcas and the unnamed man became a team.
The unnamed man served as the public face.
Marcas served as the advisor.
Once the unnamed man ascended into office, he abandoned Marcas.
The unnamed man hired Marcas and then abandoned him again.
Marcas was left poor and unknown.
Marcas was resigned to duplicate the writing of others for very little pay.
The politician friend of Marcas seeks his help for a third time.
Marcas is dismissive of the politician friend.
The students convince Marcas to give the process one last chance.
After three months, Marcas appears at the boarding house again.
Marcas appears sick and exhausted.
The politician never visits Marcas.
Marcas soon dies.
The students are the only mourners at Marcas's funeral.
The students leave France disheartened by the tragedy.