Conan receives a warning in the Suq from an elderly desert nomad.
Conan stays the night in a cheap tavern in Zamboula.
The tavern in Zamboula is run by Aram Baksh.
A black Darfarian cannibal enters Conan's small chamber by means of a trick lock.
The black Darfarian cannibal attempts to drag Conan away to be eaten.
All of the Darfarian slaves in the city are cannibals.
The Darfarian cannibals roam the streets at night.
The Darfarian cannibals only prey on travelers.
The people of the city tolerate the Darfarian cannibals.
The people of the city stay locked securely in their homes at night.
Nomads and beggars make sure to spend the night at a comfortable distance from the walls of the city.
Aram Baksh has made a deal with the Darfarian cannibals.
Aram Baksh provides the Darfarian cannibals "fresh meat."
Aram Baksh profits from the belongings of the ill-fated guests of his inn.
The unfortunate Darfarian attempts to prey on an armed and wary Conan.
The unfortunate Darfarian pays with his life.
Conan realizes that his room is a trap.
Conan takes to the Zamboulan streets.
Conan runs into a naked woman chasing through the streets after her deranged lover.
Conan rescues the naked woman and her deranged lover from an attack by the cannibals.
The naked woman tells Conan that she tried to break up with her lover using a love potion.
The love potion made a raving lunatic of her lover.
The naked woman promises Conan "a reward" in return for his assistance.
The naked woman and Conan attempt to kill the high priest responsible for the man's madness.
The naked woman is captured in the attempt to kill the high priest.
The naked woman is forced to dance before the high priest until she dies.
Conan defeats the strangler Baal-pteor at his own game.
Conan rescues the naked woman.
Conan kills the high priest.
The naked woman reveals to Conan that she is really Nafertari.
Nafertari is the mistress to the satrap of the city, Jungir Khan.
Nafertari takes an antidote to Jungir.
Nafertari promises Conan position and wealth.
Conan leaves the city.
Conan reveals to the reader that he had recognized Nafertari and Jungir almost immediately.
Conan takes his revenge on the tavern owner Aram Baksh.
Conan cuts out Aram Baksh's tongue.
Conan shears off Aram Baksh's beard.
Conan renders Aram Baksh mute and unrecognizable.
Conan turns Aram Baksh over to the hungry cannibals to devour.
Conan's action against Aram Baksh is one of the most profound displays of Conan's ironic sense of humor.
Conan leaves the city with gold.
Conan leaves the city with the magic ring that started the night's intrigues.
Conan had stolen the magic ring from the mad Jungir on their first encounter.
Conan intends to sell the magic ring to another interested party.