Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's deepening happiness in her professional relationship with Norman Warne.
Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's deepening happiness in her personal relationship with Norman Warne.
Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's delight in trouncing the rigors of middle class domesticity.
Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's delight in trouncing the strictures of middle class domesticity.
The mice wreak destruction in Two Bad Mice.
The destruction the mice wreak is miniaturized.
The destruction the mice wreak is more amusing than serious.
Beatrix Potter enjoyed developing a tale in Two Bad Mice.
Beatrix Potter enjoyed developing a tale that gave her the vicarious thrill of improper behavior.
Beatrix Potter would never have entertained the sort of improper behavior depicted in Two Bad Mice in real life.
The tale in Two Bad Mice begins with "once upon a time."
The tale in Two Bad Mice includes a description of a "very beautiful doll's-house."
The "very beautiful doll's-house" belongs to a doll called Lucinda.
The "very beautiful doll's-house" belongs to a cook-doll called Jane.
Jane never cooks in the doll's-house.
The doll's-house food is made of plaster.
The doll's-house food was bought ready-made.
The doll's-house food was bought in a box full of shavings.
The food will not come off the plates in the doll's-house.
The food in the doll's-house is "extremely beautiful."
One morning, the dolls leave the nursery for a drive in their perambulator.
No one is in the nursery when Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca peep out.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca are two mice living under the skirting board.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca cross the hearthrug to the doll's-house.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca open the door to the doll's-house.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca enter the doll's-house.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca squeak in disappointment when they discover the dining table set for dinner.
The dining table is set for dinner in the doll's-house.
The dining table is "all so convenient!"
Tom Thumb discovers the food is plaster.
Tom Thumb loses his temper.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca smash every dish on the table.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca make the sound "bang, bang, smash, smash!"
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca try to burn one dish in the "red-hot crinkly paper fire."
Tom Thumb scurries up the sootless chimney.
Hunca Munca empties the kitchen canisters of their red and blue beads.
Tom Thumb takes the dolls' dresses from the chest of drawers.
Tom Thumb tosses the dolls' dresses out the window.
Hunca Munca pulls the feathers from the dolls' bolster.
Hunca Munca remembers she needs a bolster.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca take the dolls' bolster to their mouse-hole.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca carry off several small odds and ends from the doll's-house.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca carry off a cradle from the doll's-house.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca cannot fit a bird cage through the mouse-hole.
Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca cannot fit a bookcase through the mouse-hole.
The nursery door suddenly opens.
The dolls return in their perambulator.
Lucinda and Jane are speechless when they behold the vandalism in their house.
The little girl who owns the doll's-house gets a policeman doll.
The little girl positions the policeman doll at the front door.
The nurse is more practical than the little girl.
The nurse sets a mouse-trap.
The narrator believes the mice are not "so very naughty after all."
Tom Thumb pays for his crimes with a crooked sixpence.
Tom Thumb places the crooked sixpence in the doll's stocking on Christmas Eve.
Hunca Munca atones for her hand in the destruction.
Hunca Munca sweeps the doll's-house every morning with her dust-pan and broom.