The novel begins as the narrator, Jenny, describes her cousin by marriage Kitty Baldry pining in the abandoned nursery.
Kitty Baldry's first son is dead.
Kitty Baldry's first son would have been raised in the abandoned nursery.
Jenny occupies herself with the domestic management of the Baldry estate.
The Baldry estate is located just outside London.
Kitty Baldry and Jenny are almost completely removed from the horrors of World War I.
Kitty Baldry's husband, Chris Baldry, is a British soldier.
Chris Baldry is fighting in France.
Margaret Grey arrives at the Baldry estate.
Margaret Grey wishes to bear news to Kitty Baldry and Jenny.
Jenny and Kitty are surprised to find a drab middle-aged woman.
Margaret tells Jenny and Kitty that the War Office sent her notification of Chris Baldry's injury and return home.
Kitty Baldry dismisses Margaret from the estate.
Kitty Baldry tries to deny that she could have been the recipient of such information.
Another cousin of Jenny notifies Jenny and Kitty that he has visited Chris Baldry.
Chris Baldry is obsessing over Margaret.
Chris Baldry had a summer fling with Margaret fifteen years before.
Chris Baldry returns shell-shocked to the Baldry estate.
Chris Baldry thinks he is still twenty years old.
Chris Baldry finds himself in a strange world.
The strange world has aged fifteen years beyond Chris Baldry's memory.
Jenny asks Chris Baldry to explain what he is feeling to be true.
Chris Baldry tells Jenny the story of a romantic summer on Monkey Island.
Chris Baldry fell in love with Margaret at the age of twenty.
Margaret is the daughter of the innkeeper on Monkey Island.
The summer ends with a rash departure by Chris Baldry.
Chris Baldry's departure is caused by a fit of jealousy.
Jenny travels to nearby Wealdstone to bring Margaret back to Chris Baldry.
Jenny wants to help Chris Baldry understand the difference between his remembered past and reality.
Jenny arrives at Margaret's dilapidated row-house.
Margaret is disheveled.
Margaret is taking care of her husband.
Jenny convinces Margaret to return with her to the Baldry estate.
Margaret returns to the Baldry estate to help Chris Baldry.
Chris Baldry recognizes Margaret upon her return.
Chris Baldry becomes excited upon recognizing Margaret.
Margaret explains that fifteen years have passed since their Monkey Island summer.
Chris Baldry is now married to Kitty Baldry.
Chris Baldry acknowledges the passage of time intellectually.
Chris Baldry cannot retrieve his memories.
Chris Baldry still pines for Margaret.
Margaret continues to visit Chris Baldry.
Kitty Baldry and Jenny are relieved about Chris Baldry's loss of memory.
Jenny and Kitty decide to consult Dr. Gilbert Anderson.
Dr. Gilbert Anderson is a psychoanalyst.
Dr. Anderson arrives during one of Margaret's visits.
Dr. Anderson questions Jenny and Kitty.
Dr. Anderson decides on a course of treatment with the help of Margaret.
Margaret must confront Chris Baldry with proof of his dead child.
Margaret retrieves toys and some of the child's clothing.
Margaret confronts Chris Baldry with the truth.
Chris Baldry regains his memory.
Margaret departs after Chris Baldry regains his memory.
Kitty Baldry rejoices in Chris Baldry's return to a state fit to be a soldier.