Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe are two young French women.
Louise de Chaulieu was born in 1805 and died in 1835.
Renée de Maucombe was born in 1807.
Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe become close friends during their novitiate at the Carmelite convent of Blois.
Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe leave the convent.
Louise de Chaulieu chooses a life of romance.
Renée de Maucombe takes a pragmatic approach to life.
Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe preserve their friendship through correspondence.
The correspondence between Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe continues for a dozen years from 1823 through 1835.
Louise de Chaulieu is expected to sacrifice herself for her two brothers.
Louise de Chaulieu refuses to submit to the expectation of taking the veil.
Louise de Chaulieu's dying grandmother intercedes on her behalf.
Louise de Chaulieu's grandmother bequeaths her fortune to Louise de Chaulieu.
The bequest rescues Louise de Chaulieu from the enclosed life of a Carmelite nun.
The bequest leaves Louise de Chaulieu financially independent.
Louise de Chaulieu is free to assist her brothers financially.
Louise de Chaulieu does not have to sacrifice her own ambitions.
Louise de Chaulieu settles in Paris.
Louise de Chaulieu throws herself into a life of Italian operas, masked balls, and romantic intrigues.
Louise de Chaulieu falls in love with Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer is an unbecoming but noble Spaniard.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer is banished from Spain.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer lives incognito in Paris.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer is forced to support himself by teaching Spanish.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer regains his fortune and noble standing.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer woos Louise de Chaulieu with romantic fervor.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer finally wins over Louise de Chaulieu.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer and Louise de Chaulieu are married in March 1825.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer and Louise de Chaulieu live a life of carefree happiness.
Louise de Chaulieu's jealousy embitters Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer.
Louise de Chaulieu's jealousy leads to Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer's physical breakdown.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer dies in 1829.
Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer leaves a grieving widow, Louise de Chaulieu, who is twenty-four years old.
Renée de Maucombe's attitude to love and life is in marked contrast to Louise de Chaulieu's attitude.
Renée de Maucombe leaves the convent at Blois.
Renée de Maucombe moves to Provence.
Renée de Maucombe marries an older man of little wealth or standing.
Renée de Maucombe can hardly be said to love her husband.
Renée de Maucombe bears Louis de L'Estorade three children.
Renée de Maucombe devotes herself body and soul to the happiness of her family over the course of the next decade.
Renée de Maucombe gradually grows to love her husband in her own way.
Renée de Maucombe encourages Louis de L'Estorade to make a career for himself in local politics.
Louis de L'Estorade's career culminates in his becoming a peer of France.
Louis de L'Estorade's career culminates in his becoming a grand officer of the Legion of Honour.
Renée de Maucombe is quite supportive of Louise de Chaulieu.
Renée de Maucombe sees Louise de Chaulieu as a selfish and self-indulgent coquette.
True happiness for a woman lies in motherhood and devotion to her family.
Four years after the death of Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer, Louise de Chaulieu falls in love again.
The object of Louise de Chaulieu's love is a poor poet and playwright named Marie Gaston.
Marie Gaston is several years younger than Louise de Chaulieu.
Louise de Chaulieu sells her Parisian property.
Louise de Chaulieu moves to a chalet in Ville d'Avray.
Ville d'Avray is a small village near Paris.
Louise de Chaulieu lives a life of seclusion with Marie Gaston.
Renée de Maucombe is not fooled by Louise de Chaulieu's masquerade.
Renée de Maucombe warns Louise de Chaulieu that she is still living a life devoted to selfishness and self-indulgence.
True happiness lies only in self-sacrifice to one's husband and children.
Louise de Chaulieu remains childless.
After a few years of apparent bliss, Louise de Chaulieu detects a change in Marie Gaston.
Marie Gaston becomes solicitous about the financial success of his plays.
A large sum of money goes missing.
Louise de Chaulieu suspects Marie Gaston of having an expensive mistress.
Louise de Chaulieu makes enquiries about Marie Gaston.
Louise de Chaulieu comes to the conclusion that Marie Gaston has another family in Paris.
The other family consists of an Englishwoman known by the name Madame Gaston and two children.
The two children look remarkably like Marie Gaston.
Louise de Chaulieu confides her feelings of despair to Renée de Maucombe.
Louise de Chaulieu announces her determination to commit suicide.
Louise de Chaulieu prefers to commit suicide rather than submit to such a fate.
Renée de Maucombe's husband makes enquiries.
Renée de Maucombe's husband discovers the truth of the situation.
Madame Gaston is the widow of Marie Gaston's brother.
The death of Madame Gaston's husband has left her financially destitute.
Marie Gaston has taken it upon himself to assist Madame Gaston and his two nephews.
Marie Gaston is ashamed to ask Louise de Chaulieu for money.
Renée de Maucombe writes to Louise de Chaulieu to inform her of the truth.
Renée de Maucombe rushes to the chalet.
Renée de Maucombe is too late to save Louise de Chaulieu.
Louise de Chaulieu has contracted consumption.
Louise de Chaulieu contracts consumption by lying out in the dew overnight.
Louise de Chaulieu dies a few days later.