The novel centers on a young, independent, unnamed, wealthy traveler.
The young, independent, unnamed, wealthy traveler is the narrator.
The narrator visits a friend who is a mining engineer.
The narrator and the mining engineer explore a natural chasm in a mine.
The natural chasm has been exposed by an exploratory shaft.
The narrator reaches the bottom of the chasm safely.
The rope breaks.
The mining engineer is killed.
The narrator finds his way into a subterranean world.
The subterranean world is occupied by beings who resemble angels.
The narrator befriends the first being he meets.
The first being guides the narrator around a city.
The city is reminiscent of ancient Egyptian architecture.
The narrator meets his host's wife.
The narrator meets his host's two sons.
The narrator meets his host's daughter.
The host's children learn to speak English by way of a makeshift dictionary.
The narrator unconsciously teaches the host's children the English language.
The guide approaches the narrator.
The guide and his daughter, Zee, explain who they are.
The guide and Zee explain how they function.
The narrator discovers that the beings call themselves Vril-ya.
The Vril-ya have great telepathic abilities.
The Vril-ya have other parapsychological abilities.
The Vril-ya can transmit information.
The Vril-ya can get rid of pain.
The Vril-ya can put others to sleep.
The narrator is offended by the idea that the Vril-ya are better adapted to learn about him.
The guide is a magistrate.
The guide and his son Taee behave kindly towards the narrator.
The narrator discovers that the Vril-ya are descendants of an antediluvian civilization called the Ana.
The Vril-ya live in networks of subterranean caverns.
The subterranean caverns are linked by tunnels.
The Vril-ya were originally surface dwellers.
The Vril-ya fled underground thousands of years previously.
The Vril-ya fled underground to escape a massive drought.
The Vril-ya lost their power by facing and dominating harsh conditions.
The place where the narrator descended housed 12,000 families.
The place where the narrator descended is one of the largest groups.
The Vril-ya society is a technologically supported Utopia.
The chief tool of the Vril-ya society is an "all-permeating fluid" called "Vril."
Vril is a latent source of energy.
The spiritually elevated hosts can master Vril through training of their will.
The mastery of Vril depends on hereditary constitution.
The mastery of Vril gives access to an extraordinary force.
The extraordinary force can be controlled at will.
The Vril-ya employ Vril to communicate with the narrator.
The powers of Vril include the ability to heal beings and things.
The powers of Vril include the ability to change beings and things.
The powers of Vril include the ability to destroy beings and things.
The destructive powers of Vril are powerful.
A few young Vril-ya children can destroy entire cities if necessary.
Men are called An.
Women are called Gy-ei.
Men and women have equal rights.
Women are as strong as men.
Women can be stronger than men.
The Vril-ya marry for just three years.
After three years, the Vril-ya are free to remarry or remain single.
The Vril-ya religion posits the existence of a superior being.
The Vril-ya religion does not dwell on the nature of the superior being.
The Vril-ya believe in the permanence of life.
According to the Vril-ya, life is not destroyed but merely changes form.
The narrator adopts the attire of his hosts.
The narrator begins to adopt the customs of his hosts.
Zee falls in love with the narrator.
Zee tells her father that she loves the narrator.
Zee's father orders Taee to kill the narrator with his staff.
Both Taee and Zee conspire against the command to kill the narrator.
Zee leads the narrator through the same chasm he first descended.
The narrator returns to the surface.
The narrator warns that the Vril-ya will run out of habitable space underground.
The narrator warns that the Vril-ya will claim the surface of the Earth.
The narrator warns that the Vril-ya will destroy mankind if necessary.