The middle-class Baxter family enjoys a comfortable life.
The middle-class Baxter family enjoys a placid life.
The Parcher family hosts an out-of-town visitor named Lola Pratt during the summer.
Lola Pratt is an aspiring actress.
Lola Pratt is eighteen years old.
Lola Pratt talks baby-talk even at breakfast.
Lola Pratt holds the center of attention wherever she goes.
Lola Pratt captivates William with her beauty.
Lola Pratt captivates William with her flirtatious manner.
Lola Pratt captivates William with her tiny white lap dog named Flopit.
William steals his father's dress-suit to avoid Lola.
William is sure he has found True Love at Last.
William spends the summer pursuing Lola at picnics.
William spends the summer pursuing Lola at dances.
William spends the summer pursuing Lola at evening parties.
William inadvertently makes himself obnoxious to his family.
William inadvertently makes himself obnoxious to his friends.
William's family and friends constantly embarrass him.
William's family and friends constantly humiliate him.
William's family and friends do not share his exalted opinion of Lola Pratt.
William steals his father's dress-suit to court Lola in the evenings.
William courts Lola at the home of the Parcher family.
The Parcher family soon regrets hosting Lola.
William writes a bad love poem to Lola Pratt.
William hoards dead flowers that Lola Pratt has touched.
William develops a peculiar interest in beards.
William develops a peculiar interest in child marriages among the Hindoos.
William's ten-year-old sister Jane treats him as an equal.
Genesis, the Baxters' Negro handyman, treats William as an equal.
William believes himself to be a serious-minded grown-up.
William's parents mostly smile tolerantly at William's lovelorn condition.
William's parents hope he will survive his lovelorn condition.
William's parents hope he will become a responsible adult.
William is sure that the summer has changed his life forever.
Lola Pratt leaves town on the train.
The book concludes with a flash-forward inspired by Maeterlinck.
William has survived the trials of adolescence.