The framing story concerns a man who dreams of speaking to Venus about love.
The man dreams while Venus wears furs.
The unnamed narrator tells his dreams to a friend named Severin.
Severin tells the unnamed narrator how to break himself of his fascination with cruel women.
Severin suggests reading a manuscript titled Memoirs of a Suprasensual Man.
The manuscript tells of a man named Severin von Kusiemski.
Severin von Kusiemski is infatuated with a woman named Wanda von Dunajew.
Severin von Kusiemski asks to be Wanda von Dunajew's slave.
Severin von Kusiemski encourages Wanda von Dunajew to treat him in progressively more degrading ways.
At first, Wanda von Dunajew does not understand the request.
At first, Wanda von Dunajew does not accede to the request.
Wanda von Dunajew humorously considers Severin von Kusiemski's request.
Wanda von Dunajew finds the advantages of the method to be interesting.
Wanda von Dunajew enthusiastically embraces the idea of treating Severin von Kusiemski as a slave.
Wanda von Dunajew disdains Severin von Kusiemski for allowing her to treat him as a slave.
Severin von Kusiemski describes his feelings during these experiences as suprasensuality.
Severin von Kusiemski and Wanda von Dunajew travel to Florence.
Severin von Kusiemski takes the generic Russian servant's name of "Gregor."
Severin von Kusiemski takes on the role of Wanda von Dunajew's servant.
In Florence, Wanda von Dunajew treats Severin von Kusiemski kindly as a servant.
Wanda von Dunajew recruits a trio of African women to dominate Severin von Kusiemski.
The relationship between Wanda von Dunajew and Severin von Kusiemski arrives at a crisis.
Wanda von Dunajew meets a man named Alexis Papadopolis.
Wanda von Dunajew would like to submit to Alexis Papadopolis.
Alexis Papadopolis is a Byronic hero.
At the end of the book, Severin von Kusiemski is humiliated by Wanda von Dunajew's new lover.
Severin von Kusiemski loses the desire to submit.
Severin von Kusiemski says of Wanda von Dunajew that she is man's enemy.
Severin von Kusiemski states that Wanda von Dunajew can only be man's slave or his despot.
Severin von Kusiemski states that Wanda von Dunajew can never be man's companion.
Severin von Kusiemski states that Wanda von Dunajew can become man's companion only when she has the same rights as he.
Severin von Kusiemski states that Wanda von Dunajew can become man's companion only when she is his equal in education and work.