The name of the Pentamerone comes from Greek πέντε [pénte], ‘five’.
The name of the Pentamerone comes from Greek ἡμέρα [hêméra], ‘day’.
The Pentamerone is structured around a fantastic frame story.
Fifty stories are related over the course of five days in the Pentamerone.
The Decameron compendium of Tuscany has ten stories.
The frame story of the Pentamerone features a cursed, melancholy princess named Zoza.
"Zoza" means "mud" or "slime" in Neapolitan.
"Zoza" is also used as a term of endearment.
Zoza cannot laugh, no matter what her father does to amuse her.
Zoza's father sets up a fountain of oil by the door.
Zoza's father thinks people slipping in the oil would make Zoza laugh.
An old woman tries to gather oil from the fountain.
A page boy breaks the old woman's jug.
The old woman grows angry after the page boy breaks her jug.
The old woman dances about in her anger.
Zoza laughs at the old woman dancing.
The old woman curses Zoza to marry only the prince of Round-Field.
Zoza can only wake the prince of Round-Field by filling a pitcher with tears in three days.
Zoza receives aid from fairies.
The fairies give gifts to Zoza.
Zoza finds the prince of Round-Field.
Zoza finds the pitcher needed to wake the prince.
Zoza nearly fills the pitcher when she falls asleep.
A Moorish slave returns the pitcher to Zoza.
The Moorish slave finishes filling the pitcher.
The Moorish slave helps Zoza claim the prince of Round-Field.
The frame story of the Pentamerone is a fairy tale.
The frame story combines motifs that appear in other stories.
The princess who cannot laugh appears in "The Magic Swan."
The princess who cannot laugh appears in "Golden Goose."
The princess who cannot laugh appears in "The Princess Who Never Smiled."
The curse to marry only one hard-to-find person appears in "Snow-White-Fire-Red."
The curse to marry only one hard-to-find person appears in "Anthousa, Xanthousa, Chrisomalousa."
The heroine falling asleep while trying to save the hero appears in "The Sleeping Prince."
The heroine losing the hero because of trickery appears in "Nourie Hadig."
The now-pregnant slave-queen demands that her husband tell her stories.
The now-pregnant slave-queen demands stories at the impetus of Zoza's fairy gifts.
The now-pregnant slave-queen would crush the unborn child if her husband does not tell her stories.
The husband hires ten female storytellers to keep the now-pregnant slave-queen amused.
Zoza is disguised among the ten female storytellers.
Each storyteller tells five stories.
Most of the stories are more suitable to courtly audiences.
Most of the stories are not suitable to juvenile audiences.
The Moorish woman's treachery is revealed in the final story.
Zoza relates the final story.
The Moorish woman is buried, pregnant, up to her neck in the ground.
The Moorish woman is left to die.
Zoza and the Prince of Round-Field live happily ever after.
Many of the fairy tales in the Pentamerone are the oldest known variants in existence.
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Tale of the Ogre."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Myrtle."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Peruonto."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Vardiello."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Flea."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Cenerentola," translated in English as "Cinderella."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Merchant."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Goat-Face."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Enchanted Doe."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Sisters."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Parsley," a variant of "Rapunzel."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Green Meadow."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Violet."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Pippo," a variant of "Puss In Boots."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Snake."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The She-Bear," a variant of "Allerleirauh."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Dove," a variant of "Snow-White-Fire-Red."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Young Slave," a variant of "Snow White."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Padlock."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Buddy."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Cannetella."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Penta of the Chopped-off Hands," a variant of "The Girl Without Hands."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Face."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Sapia Liccarda."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Cockroach, the Mouse, and the Cricket."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Garlic Patch."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Corvetto."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Booby."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Rosella."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Fairies."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Stone in the Cock's Head."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Two Brothers."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Enchanted Princes."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Seven Little Pork Rinds."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Dragon."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Crowns."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Two Cakes," a variant of "Diamonds and Toads."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Seven Doves," a variant of "The Seven Ravens."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Raven."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Pride Punished," a variant of "King Thrushbeard."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Goose."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Months."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Pintosmalto."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Golden Root," a variant of "Cupid and Psyche."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Sun, Moon, and Talia," a variant of "Sleeping Beauty."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Sapia."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Five Sons."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Nennillo and Nennella," a variant of "Brother and Sister."
The fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Citrons," a variant of "The Love for Three Oranges."