The play is set in the American West.
Blanco Posnet is a local drunk and reprobate.
Blanco Posnet is brought before the court.
Blanco Posnet is accused of stealing a horse belonging to the Sheriff.
Blanco Posnet has been found walking along a road out of town.
Blanco Posnet left his brother's house in the early hours of the morning.
The horse went missing from Blanco Posnet's brother's stable the same night.
Blanco Posnet's accusers assume he has sold or concealed the horse.
Blanco Posnet claims that the court cannot convict him without evidence that he ever had the horse.
Blanco Posnet says he was owed some jewellery belonging to his mother.
The jewellery had been bequeathed to Blanco Posnet.
Blanco Posnet's brother refused to hand over the jewellery.
Blanco Posnet claims that even if he did take the horse, he did so as payment for the debt his brother owed.
Blanco Posnet was unaware that the horse was merely being stabled by his brother.
The horse belonged to the Sheriff.
Blanco Posnet's brother is a reformed drunkard.
Blanco Posnet's brother is now a church Deacon.
Blanco Posnet's brother lectures Blanco Posnet on morality and judgement.
Blanco Posnet ridicules his brother's view of God.
Feemy is the local prostitute.
Feemy is called to witness.
Feemy claims that she saw Blanco Posnet riding off on the horse.
Blanco Posnet claims that Feemy's word cannot be trusted.
Blanco Posnet claims that Feemy is a woman of low character.
Feemy admits that she was drunk at the time she saw Blanco Posnet.
Feemy has a grudge against Blanco Posnet.
Blanco Posnet had no interest in Feemy's services.
The jury are outraged.
The jury are strongly inclined to convict Blanco Posnet.
News arrives that the horse is still missing.
A woman had used the horse to take her sick child to the nearest doctor.
The woman is brought to the court.
The woman claims she was given the horse by a man.
The man was about to pass the woman on the horse on the road.
The woman was carrying her dying child.
The woman pleaded with the man to allow her to take the horse.
The judge asks the woman to name the man.
The woman denies that Blanco Posnet was the man who gave her the horse.
The woman claims that the man who gave her the horse did so in the knowledge that he would probably be caught and could be hanged.
It is clear to everyone that Blanco Posnet gave the woman the horse.
The woman cannot bring herself to name Blanco Posnet if it will mean his conviction and inevitable hanging.
Feemy takes the stand again.
Feemy claims she was lying about having seen Blanco Posnet.
Feemy never saw Blanco Posnet on the horse.
Blanco Posnet is released.
Blanco Posnet offers to marry Feemy in thanks for what she did.
Feemy rejects Blanco Posnet's marriage proposal.
Blanco Posnet says he will buy drinks for everyone in the saloon.
Blanco Posnet offers to shake Feemy's hand.
Feemy accepts Blanco Posnet's offer to shake hands.