Lucy Snowe is the protagonist of Villette.
Lucy Snowe is 14 years old at the beginning of Villette.
Lucy Snowe stays at the home of her godmother Mrs. Bretton.
Mrs. Bretton lives in "the clean and ancient town of Bretton" in England.
Mrs. Bretton has a son named John Graham Bretton.
The family calls John Graham Bretton "Graham."
A young visitor named Paulina Home is also in residence at Mrs. Bretton's home.
Paulina Home is called "Polly."
Polly develops a deep devotion to Graham.
Graham showers Polly with attention.
Polly's visit is cut short when her father arrives to take her away.
Lucy Snowe leaves Mrs. Bretton's home a few weeks after Polly's departure.
An unspecified family tragedy leaves Lucy Snowe without family, home, or means.
Lucy Snowe is hired as a caregiver by Miss Marchmont.
Miss Marchmont is a rheumatic crippled woman.
Lucy Snowe becomes accustomed to her work as a caregiver.
Lucy Snowe begins to feel content with her quiet lifestyle.
Miss Marchmont regains all her energy during an evening of dramatic weather changes.
Miss Marchmont feels young again after regaining her energy.
Miss Marchmont shares her sad love story with Lucy Snowe.
Miss Marchmont concludes that she should treat Lucy better.
Miss Marchmont believes that death will reunite her with her dead lover.
Lucy Snowe finds Miss Marchmont dead the next morning.
Lucy Snowe leaves the English countryside.
Lucy Snowe goes to London.
Lucy Snowe boards a ship for Labassecour at the age of 23.
Lucy Snowe knows very little French when she boards the ship.
Lucy Snowe travels to the city of Villette.
Lucy Snowe finds employment as a bonne at Mme. Beck's boarding school for girls.
The boarding school for girls is based upon the Hégers' Brussels pensionnat.
Lucy Snowe is hired to teach English at the school.
Lucy Snowe has to mind Mme. Beck's three children.
Lucy Snowe thrives despite Mme. Beck's constant surveillance of the staff and students.
"Dr. John" is a handsome English doctor.
"Dr. John" frequently visits the school because of his love for Ginevra Fanshawe.
"Dr. John" is later revealed to be John Graham Bretton.
Lucy Snowe has known that "Dr. John" is John Graham Bretton.
Lucy Snowe has deliberately concealed from the reader that "Dr. John" is John Graham Bretton.
Dr. John discovers Ginevra's unworthiness.
Dr. John turns his attention to Lucy Snowe after discovering Ginevra's unworthiness.
Dr. John and Lucy Snowe become close friends.
Lucy Snowe values her friendship with Dr. John highly.
Lucy Snowe usually has an emotional reserve.
Paulina Home is later known as Paulina Home de Bassompierre.
Paulina Home's father has inherited the title "de Bassompierre."
Paulina Home and Graham discover that they knew each other in the past.
Paulina Home and Graham renew their friendship.
Paulina Home and Graham fall in love.
Paulina Home and Graham eventually marry.
Lucy Snowe becomes progressively closer to M. Paul Emanuel.
M. Paul Emanuel is irascible, autocratic, and male chauvinist.
M. Paul Emanuel is a relative of Mme. Beck.
Lucy Snowe and M. Paul Emanuel do not fall in love.
A group of conspiring antagonists includes Mme. Beck, Père Silas, and the relatives of M. Paul's long-dead fiancée.
The group of conspiring antagonists works to keep Lucy Snowe and M. Paul Emanuel apart.
The group of conspiring antagonists succeeds in forcing M. Paul Emanuel's departure for the West Indies.
M. Paul Emanuel is to oversee a plantation in the West Indies.
M. Paul Emanuel declares his love for Lucy Snowe before his departure.
M. Paul Emanuel arranges for Lucy Snowe to live independently as the headmistress of her own day school.
Lucy Snowe later expands her day school into a pensionnat.
Lucy Snowe has three encounters with the figure of a nun during the course of the novel.
The figure of a nun may be the ghost of a nun who was buried alive on the school's grounds.
The nun was buried alive as punishment for breaking her vow of chastity.
Lucy Snowe discovers the "nun's" habit in her bed.
Lucy Snowe destroys the "nun's" habit.
Lucy Snowe later finds out that the "nun's" habit was a disguise worn by Alfred de Hamal.
The episodes with the nun contribute substantially to the novel's reputation as a gothic novel.
Villette's final pages are ambiguous.
Lucy Snowe says that she wants to leave the reader free to imagine a happy ending.
Lucy Snowe hints strongly that M. Paul's ship was destroyed by a storm during his return journey from the West Indies.
Lucy Snowe states that "M. Emanuel was away three years."
Lucy Snowe states that "they were the three happiest years of my life."
The passage suggests that M. Paul Emanuel was drowned by the "destroying angel of tempest."
Brontë described the ambiguity of the ending as a "little puzzle."