Laura Montreville is the heroine.
Laura Montreville is devout.
Colonel Hargrave is lecherous.
Colonel Hargrave proposes marriage to Laura Montreville.
Laura Montreville accepts Colonel Hargrave's proposal enthusiastically.
Laura Montreville accepts Colonel Hargrave's proposal on grounds of moral incompatibility.
Laura Montreville would miss out on Colonel Hargrave's title and fortune by accepting his proposal.
Captain Montreville is Laura Montreville's father.
Captain Montreville finds out that Laura Montreville's annuity is not assured.
Captain Montreville takes Laura Montreville to London to fix the matter regarding her annuity.
Laura Montreville consents to marry Colonel Hargrave eventually.
Laura Montreville's consent to marry Colonel Hargrave is conditional on him reforming himself within two years.
Laura Montreville decides to support her ailing father by selling sketches.
Montague De Courcy begins to fall in love with Laura Montreville during her time in London.
Montague De Courcy buys Laura Montreville's sketches in secret.
Colonel Hargrave follows Laura Montreville to London.
Colonel Hargrave becomes involved in an affair with a married woman.
Colonel Hargrave meets Laura Montreville in the shop where she sells her sketches and paintings.
Colonel Hargrave accompanies Laura Montreville home.
Colonel Hargrave harasses Laura Montreville.
Colonel Hargrave's affair is found out by his lover's husband.
The two men duel over Colonel Hargrave's affair.
Colonel Hargrave wounds his lover's husband during the duel.
Colonel Hargrave urges Laura Montreville to marry him before she finds out about his affair.
Colonel Hargrave threatens to kill himself.
Laura Montreville faints when Colonel Hargrave threatens to kill himself.
Captain Montreville finds Laura Montreville after she faints.
Captain Montreville realizes that Colonel Hargrave has been threatening Laura Montreville.
Captain Montreville has been encouraging Colonel Hargrave.
Captain Montreville experiences such grief that he dies the next morning.
Captain Montreville dies of his illness.
Laura Montreville goes to live with Lady Pelham after Captain Montreville dies.
Lady Pelham is Laura Montreville's maternal aunt.
Lady Pelham helps Laura Montreville receive her annuity.
Lady Pelham is not religious.
Lady Pelham colludes with Colonel Hargrave.
Laura Montreville learns of Colonel Hargrave's duel.
Laura Montreville resolves to refuse Colonel Hargrave.
Colonel Hargrave attempts to persuade Laura Montreville to marry him by drastic measures.
Colonel Hargrave has Laura Montreville arrested under false pretenses.
Colonel Hargrave tricks Laura Montreville into joining a gambling party.
Colonel Hargrave kidnaps Laura Montreville after Lady Pelham dies.
Colonel Hargrave takes Laura Montreville to the wilderness of America.
Colonel Hargrave plans to rape Laura Montreville.
Colonel Hargrave plans to force Laura Montreville into marriage.
Laura Montreville fakes her own death by escaping down the rapids in a canoe.
Laura Montreville ties herself to the canoe.
Colonel Hargrave commits suicide.
Laura Montreville returns to her home country.
Laura Montreville marries Montague De Courcy.
Laura Montreville has five children with Montague De Courcy.