Act 1 is set in a chocolate house.
Mirabell and Fainall have just finished playing cards.
A footman tells Mirabell that Waitwell and Foible were married that morning.
Mirabell tells Fainall about his love of Millamant.
Fainall encourages Mirabell to marry Millamant.
Witwoud and Petulant appear.
Mirabell is informed that if Lady Wishfort marries, he will lose £6000 of Millamant's inheritance.
Mirabell will only get £6000 if he can make Lady Wishfort consent to his and Millamant's marriage.
Act 2 is set in St. James’ Park.
Mrs. Fainall and Mrs. Marwood are discussing their hatred of men.
Fainall appears.
Fainall accuses Mrs. Marwood of loving Mirabell.
Mrs. Marwood loves Mirabell.
Mrs. Fainall tells Mirabell that she hates her husband.
Mrs. Fainall and Mirabell begin to plot to deceive Lady Wishfort into giving her consent to the marriage.
Millamant appears in the park.
Millamant is angry about the previous night when Mirabell was confronted by Lady Wishfort.
Millamant tells Mirabell of her displeasure in his plan.
Millamant only has a vague idea about Mirabell's plan.
The newly wed servants appear.
Mirabell reminds the newly wed servants of their roles in the plan.
Acts 3, 4, and 5 are all set in the home of Lady Wishfort.
Lady Wishfort is introduced.
Foible encourages Lady Wishfort to marry the supposed Sir Rowland.
Sir Rowland is Mirabell's supposed uncle.
If Lady Wishfort marries Sir Rowland, Mirabell will lose his inheritance.
Sir Rowland is Waitwell in disguise.
The plan is to entangle Lady Wishfort in a marriage that cannot go ahead.
The marriage cannot go ahead because it would be bigamy.
The marriage would be a social disgrace.
Waitwell is only a serving man.
Lady Wishfort is an aristocrat.
Mirabell will offer to help Lady Wishfort out of the embarrassing situation if she consents to his marriage.
Mrs. Fainall discusses the plan with Foible.
Mrs. Marwood overhears Mrs. Fainall discussing the plan.
Mrs. Marwood tells Fainall about the plan.
Fainall decides to take his wife's money and go away with Mrs. Marwood.
Mirabell and Millamant discuss the conditions under which they would accept each other in marriage.
The discussion between Mirabell and Millamant is known as the "proviso scene."
The discussion shows the depth of Mirabell's feelings for Millamant.
The discussion shows the depth of Millamant's feelings for Mirabell.
Mirabell finally proposes to Millamant.
Mrs. Fainall encourages Millamant to accept Mirabell's proposal.
Millamant accepts Mirabell's proposal.
Lady Wishfort arrives after Mirabell leaves.
Lady Wishfort wants Millamant to marry her nephew, Sir Wilfull Witwoud.
Sir Wilfull Witwoud has just arrived from the countryside.
Lady Wishfort receives a letter telling her about the Sir Rowland plot.
Sir Rowland takes the letter.
Sir Rowland accuses Mirabell of trying to sabotage their wedding.
Lady Wishfort agrees to let Sir Rowland bring a marriage contract that night.
By Act 5, Lady Wishfort has found out the plot.
Fainall has had Waitwell arrested.
Mrs. Fainall tells Foible that her previous affair with Mirabell is now public knowledge.
Lady Wishfort appears with Mrs. Marwood.
Lady Wishfort thanks Mrs. Marwood for unveiling the plot.
Fainall uses the information of Mrs. Fainall's previous affair with Mirabell to blackmail Lady Wishfort.
Fainall uses the information of Millamant's contract to marry him to blackmail Lady Wishfort.
Fainall tells Lady Wishfort that she should never marry.
Fainall tells Lady Wishfort that she is to transfer her fortune to him.
Fainall will get Lady Wishfort's money even if she does not consent to his and Millamant's marriage.
Lady Wishfort offers Mirabell her consent to the marriage if he can save her fortune and honour.
Mirabell calls on Waitwell.
Waitwell brings a contract from the time before the marriage of the Fainalls.
The contract states that Mrs. Fainall gives all her property to Mirabell.
The contract neutralizes Fainall's blackmail attempts.
Mirabell restores Mrs. Fainall's property to her possession.
Mirabell is free to marry Millamant with the full £6000 inheritance.