Cedric Errol lives in a shabby New York side street in the mid-1880s.
Cedric Errol lives with his mother, Mrs. Errol.
Cedric Errol and Mrs. Errol live in genteel poverty.
Cedric Errol's father is Captain Cedric Errol.
Captain Cedric Errol is deceased.
An English lawyer named Havisham visits Cedric Errol and Mrs. Errol.
Havisham has a message from Cedric Errol's grandfather.
Cedric Errol's grandfather is the Earl of Dorincourt.
The Earl of Dorincourt is an unruly millionaire.
The Earl of Dorincourt despises America.
The Earl of Dorincourt was very disappointed when his youngest son married an American lady.
Cedric Errol has inherited the title Lord Fauntleroy.
Cedric Errol is the heir to the earldom.
Cedric Errol is the heir to a vast estate.
The Earl of Dorincourt wants Cedric Errol to live in England.
The Earl of Dorincourt wants Cedric Errol to be educated as an English aristocrat.
The Earl of Dorincourt offers his son's widow a house.
The Earl of Dorincourt offers his son's widow a guaranteed income.
The Earl of Dorincourt refuses to have anything to do with his son's widow.
Cedric Errol's mother declines the Earl of Dorincourt's money.
The Earl of Dorincourt is impressed by the appearance of Cedric Errol.
The Earl of Dorincourt is impressed by the intelligence of Cedric Errol.
The Earl of Dorincourt is charmed by the innocent nature of Cedric Errol.
Cedric Errol believes his grandfather to be an honorable man.
Cedric Errol believes his grandfather to be a benefactor.
The Earl of Dorincourt cannot disappoint Cedric Errol.
The Earl of Dorincourt refuses to help his tenants.
The Earl of Dorincourt's refusal to help his tenants disappoints them.
The Earl of Dorincourt lets his tenants know that their benefactor is Cedric Errol.
A homeless bootblack named Dick Tipton tells Mr. Hobbs about his past.
Mr. Hobbs is a New York City grocer.
Dick Tipton's older brother is named Benjamin.
Benjamin married an awful woman after the death of their parents.
The awful woman got rid of Benjamin's only child after he was born.
The awful woman left Benjamin.
Benjamin moved to California to open a cattle ranch.
Dick Tipton ended up in the streets.
A neglected pretender to Cedric Errol's inheritance appears.
The pretender's mother claims that he is the offspring of the Earl of Dorincourt's eldest son.
The claim of the pretender is investigated by Dick Tipton and Benjamin.
Dick Tipton and Benjamin come to England.
Dick Tipton and Benjamin recognize the alleged heir's mother as Benjamin's former wife.
The alleged heir's mother flees.
The Tipton brothers do not see the alleged heir's mother again.
Benjamin goes back to his cattle ranch in California.
Benjamin happily raises his son by himself.
The Earl of Dorincourt is reconciled to his American daughter-in-law.
The Earl of Dorincourt realizes that his American daughter-in-law is far superior to the imposter.
The Earl of Dorincourt planned to teach Cedric Errol how to be an aristocrat.
Cedric Errol teaches his grandfather that an aristocrat should practice compassion towards those dependent on him.
Cedric Errol becomes the man he always innocently believed his grandfather to be.
Cedric Errol is happily reunited with his mother.
Mr. Hobbs decides to stay to help look after Cedric Errol.