Montresor is the narrator of the story.
Montresor tells the story of the day that Montresor took his revenge on Fortunato.
Fortunato is an Italian name that means "the fortunate one."
Montresor tells the story to an unspecified person who knows Montresor very well.
Montresor is angry over numerous injuries and some unspecified insult.
Montresor plots to save Fortunato during Carnival.
Fortunato is drunk, dizzy, and wearing a jester's motley during Carnival.
Montresor lures Fortunato into a private wine-tasting excursion.
Montresor claims to have obtained a pipe of what Montresor believes to be a rare vintage of amontillado.
The pipe contains about 130 gallons or 492 litres of wine.
Montresor invites Luchesi for a private tasting to confirm the pipe's contents.
Montresor knows Fortunato will insist on tasting the amontillado rather than Luchesi.
Montresor claims that Luchesi cannot tell Amontillado from Sherry.
Fortunato goes with Montresor to the wine cellars of Montresor's palazzo.
Montresor and Fortunato wander in the catacombs.
Montresor offers wine to Fortunato to keep Fortunato inebriated.
Montresor offers Medoc wine to Fortunato.
Montresor offers De Grave wine to Fortunato.
Montresor warns Fortunato about the dampness due to Fortunato's bad cough.
Montresor suggests that Fortunato go back.
Fortunato insists on continuing despite Montresor's warning.
Fortunato claims that Fortunato shall not die of a cough.
Montresor mentions his family coat of arms.
Montresor's family coat of arms features a golden foot in a blue background crushing a snake.
The snake's fangs are embedded in the foot's heel.
The motto of Montresor's family coat of arms is Nemo me impune lacessit.
Fortunato makes an elaborate, grotesque gesture with an upraised wine bottle.
Montresor does not recognize Fortunato's gesture.
Fortunato asks Montresor if Montresor is not of the masons.
Montresor says that Montresor is a mason.
Fortunato requests a sign to confirm Montresor's claim.
Montresor displays a trowel that Montresor had been hiding.
Montresor tells Fortunato that the amontillado is within a niche.
Fortunato enters the niche drunk and unsuspecting.
Fortunato does not resist as Montresor chains Fortunato to the wall.
Montresor declares that Montresor must positively leave Fortunato there.
Montresor reveals brick and mortar that were previously hidden among the bones nearby.
Montresor walls up the niche, entombing Fortunato alive.
Fortunato sobers up faster than Montresor anticipated.
Fortunato shakes the chains, trying to escape.
Fortunato screams for help.
Montresor mocks Fortunato's cries.
Montresor knows that nobody can hear Fortunato's cries.
Fortunato laughs weakly and pretends that Fortunato is the subject of a joke.
Fortunato believes that people will be waiting for Fortunato, including Lady Fortunato.
Fortunato wails, "For the love of God, Montresor!"
Montresor replies, "Yes, for the love of God!"
Montresor listens for a reply.
Montresor hears only the jester's bells ringing.
Montresor drops a burning torch through the gap before placing the last stone.
Montresor claims that Montresor feels sick at heart.
Montresor dismisses the feeling of sickness as an effect of the dampness of the catacombs.
Montresor reveals that 50 years later, Fortunato's body still hangs from its chains in the niche.
Montresor left Fortunato's body in the niche.
Montresor concludes with the phrase "In pace requiescat!"
The phrase "In pace requiescat!" means "May he rest in peace!"