The novel takes place in a world where online "tribes" form.
All members of the tribes set their circadian rhythms to the same time zone.
Members of the tribes may be physically located throughout the world.
The protagonist is Art Berry.
Art Berry has been sent to an insane asylum.
Art Berry has been sent to an insane asylum as a result of a complex conspiracy.
Art Berry works in London as a consultant for the Greenwich 0 tribe.
Art Berry and his associate Fede are double-agents for the Eastern Standard Tribe.
Art Berry lacks talents as a human experience engineer.
Art Berry delivers subtly flawed proposals to the GMT tribe.
Art Berry delivers subtly flawed proposals to undermine the GMT tribe.
Art Berry delivers subtly flawed proposals to enable his own tribe to get a coveted contract.
Art Berry meets a girl named Linda after he hits Linda with his car at 3am.
Art Berry has an idea for peer-to-peer music sharing between automobiles.
Art Berry plans to give the idea for peer-to-peer music sharing to the Eastern Standard Tribe.
Art Berry plans to take a cut for himself from the idea for peer-to-peer music sharing.
Art Berry's girlfriend meets his coworker Fede.
Art Berry's girlfriend and Fede plan to double cross the Eastern Standard Tribe.
Art Berry's girlfriend and Fede plan to sell the idea for peer-to-peer music sharing to another tribe.
Art Berry's girlfriend and Fede do the plan behind Art Berry's back.
Fede claims he would have cut Art Berry in on the deal afterwards.
Art Berry figures out what is going on.
Art Berry is committed to an insane asylum to protect Fede and his girlfriend's plot.
The book alternates between two points of view.
One point of view is Art Berry meeting Linda in London.
The other point of view is Art Berry in the asylum.
The London plot culminates in Art Berry's attack on Fede.
Art Berry discovers Fede's betrayal.
The asylum plot takes place after Art Berry's attack on Fede.
The asylum plot culminates in Art Berry's escape from the asylum.
Art Berry founds a new company to market health care products.
Art Berry uses his inside knowledge of psychiatric institutions to market health care products.