The play is set in Dijon in Burgundy.
The play is set in the later part of the fifteenth century.
The play is set in the aftermath of the battles of Grandson in 1476.
The play is set in the aftermath of the battles of Morat in 1476.
The play is set in the aftermath of the battles of Nancy in 1477.
The protagonist's father is the elder Charalois.
The elder Charalois was a general.
The elder Charalois went into debt to pay the expenses of his troops.
The elder Charalois was unable to repay those charges.
The elder Charalois died in debtor's prison.
The elder Charalois' creditors refuse to release his body for a proper burial.
The general's son is the younger Charalois.
The younger Charalois has taken his father's cause to court.
The younger Charalois' suit is rejected by the judges.
The judges are led by Novall Senior.
Novall Senior is the president of the Dijon parlement.
The younger Charalois offers to assume his father's debts.
The younger Charalois offers to take his father's place in prison.
The younger Charalois' actions free his father's corpse.
A retiring judge named Rochmont is impressed by the younger Charalois' courage.
Rochmont is impressed by the younger Charalois' virtue.
Rochmont is impressed by the younger Charalois' self-sacrifice.
Rochmont decides to pay the elder Charalois' debts himself.
Rochmont has an only daughter named Beaumelle.
Beaumelle is the center of a set of fashionable and foppish young people.
The fashionable and foppish young people include Novall Junior.
Novall Junior has hangers-on.
Beaumelle's waiting-woman is named Bellapert.
Bellapert is a cynical sensualist.
Bellapert tempts Beaumelle with the idea of marrying.
Bellapert tempts Beaumelle to enjoy sexual indulgence with many illicit lovers.
Beaumelle's father forbids a marriage between the younger Charalois and Beaumelle.
Novall Junior is irate about the marriage.
Novall Junior has lost his chance of taking Beaumelle's virginity.
Bellapert assures Novall Junior that the marriage will work to his advantage.
Others perceive the growing intimacy of Novall Junior and Beaumelle.
Charalois' friend Romont tries to warn the parties involved.
Romont's warning is without success.
Beaumelle eventually consummates her affair with Novall Junior.
Charalois walks in upon Beaumelle and Novall Junior.
Charalois catches Beaumelle and Novall Junior in the act.
Charalois challenges Novall Junior.
Novall Junior attempts to avoid the duel.
Novall Junior fights with Charalois.
Novall Junior is killed in the fight.
Charalois stages a mock trial.
Rochmont is the judge in the mock trial.
Rochmont hears Charalois' accusation.
Rochmont hears Beaumelle's confession.
Rochmont sentences Beaumelle to death.
Charalois stabs Beaumelle.
Beaumelle dies.
Novall Senior discovers his son's death.
Novall Senior has Charalois arrested.
Novall Senior prosecutes Charalois.
Charalois defends himself before the court.
Charalois wins an acquittal.
One of Novall Junior's followers is an ex-soldier named Pontalier.
Pontalier was redeemed from debtor's prison by the judge's son.
Pontalier stabs and kills Charalois in the court.
Pontalier is stabbed and killed by Romont.