The plot is loosely based on a melange of motifs from previous Conan short stories.
The plot is most notably based on "The Scarlet Citadel."
The early chapters of the plot share an almost identical storyline with "The Scarlet Citadel."
Conan is defeated in battle.
Conan is captured and placed in a monster-infested dungeon.
Conan finds an unexpected ally and escapes.
The population of the Aquilonian capital believes Conan is dead.
The population of the Aquilonian capital riots.
The population of the Aquilonian capital is ready to accept an alternative King.
The Scarlet Citadel ends with Conan coming back when the rioting just started.
Conan makes short work of his foes in The Scarlet Citadel.
The book-length Hour of the Dragon is much more complicated than The Scarlet Citadel.
Aquilonia has to live under a long and harrowing foreign occupation in Hour of the Dragon.
Conan goes through a long hazardous quest in Hour of the Dragon.
Conan could finally come back and dispose of his foes in Hour of the Dragon.
The book takes place when Conan is about forty-five years old.
The book takes place during Conan's reign as King of Aquilonia.
A group of conspirators plots to depose Conan.
The conspirators plot to depose Conan in favor of Valerius.
Valerius is the heir to Conan's predecessor Numedides.
Conan had slain Numedides to gain the throne.
The conspirators resort to necromancy to accomplish their goal.
The conspirators resurrect Xaltotun, an ancient sorcerer.
Xaltotun comes from the pre-Hyborian empire of Acheron.
With Xaltotun's aid, the Aquilonian army is defeated by the rival kingdom of Nemedia.
The Aquilonian army is occupied by the rival kingdom of Nemedia.
Conan is captured.
Conan is slated for execution.
The sympathetic slave girl Zenobia risks her life to free Conan.
Conan's quest is to retrieve the Heart of Ahriman.
Conan's quest is in order to defeat the wizard.
Conan's quest is in order to regain his throne.
Conan's quest takes him through all the lands of Hyboria.
Conan eventually triumphs.
Conan decides not to make Zenobia his queen.