Zuleika Dobson is a young woman of the Edwardian era.
Zuleika Dobson is not strictly beautiful.
Zuleika Dobson is a devastatingly attractive young woman.
Zuleika Dobson is a true femme fatale.
Zuleika Dobson is a professional dancer.
Zuleika Dobson was formerly a governess.
Zuleika Dobson's current occupation has made her something of a small-time celebrity.
Zuleika Dobson gains entrance to the privileged, all-male domain of Oxford University.
Zuleika Dobson's grandfather is the Warden of Judas College.
Zuleika Dobson falls in love for the first time in her life with the Duke of Dorset.
The Duke of Dorset is a snobbish, emotionally detached student.
The Duke of Dorset is frustrated with the lack of control over his feelings when he sees Zuleika Dobson.
The Duke of Dorset admits that Zuleika Dobson is his first love.
The Duke of Dorset impulsively proposes to Zuleika Dobson.
Zuleika Dobson feels that she cannot love anyone unless he is impervious to her charms.
Zuleika Dobson rejects all her suitors.
Zuleika Dobson rejects the Duke of Dorset.
The Duke of Dorset discovers that Noaks, another Oxford student, claims to have fallen in love with Zuleika Dobson.
Noaks has never interacted with Zuleika Dobson.
Men immediately fall in love with Zuleika Dobson upon seeing her.
The Duke of Dorset is the first man to have his love reciprocated by Zuleika Dobson.
The Duke of Dorset decides to commit suicide to symbolize his passion for Zuleika Dobson.
The Duke of Dorset hopes to raise awareness in Zuleika Dobson of the terrible power of her bewitching allure.
Zuleika Dobson interrupts the Duke of Dorset's first suicide attempt from a river boat.
Zuleika Dobson has a romanticized view of men dying for her.
Zuleika Dobson does not oppose the notion of the Duke of Dorset's suicide altogether.
The Duke of Dorset pledges to kill himself the next day.
Zuleika Dobson more or less permits the Duke of Dorset's suicide.
The Duke of Dorset has dinner that night with his social club.
The other members of the social club affirm their love for Zuleika Dobson.
The Duke of Dorset tells the other members of his plan to die.
The other members unexpectedly agree to also commit suicide for Zuleika Dobson.
The idea of committing suicide for Zuleika Dobson reaches the minds of all Oxford undergraduates.
All Oxford undergraduates inevitably fall in love with Zuleika Dobson upon first sight.
The Duke of Dorset decides that the only way he can stop all the undergraduates from killing themselves is by not committing suicide himself.
The Duke of Dorset hopes the undergraduates will follow his example.
Two black owls come and perch on the battlements of Tankerton Hall on the eve of the death of a Duke of Dorset.
The owls remain at Tankerton Hall hooting through the night.
The owls fly away to an unknown place at dawn.
The Duke of Dorset debates whether to follow through with his suicide.
The Duke of Dorset seems to decide to embrace his life as just as valuable as Zuleika Dobson's.
The Duke of Dorset receives a telegram from his butler at Tankerton.
The telegram reports the portentous return of the owls.
The Duke of Dorset interprets the omen as a sign that the gods have decreed his doom.
The Duke of Dorset tells Zuleika Dobson that he will still die.
The Duke of Dorset will no longer die for Zuleika Dobson.
Zuleika Dobson agrees as long as the Duke of Dorset makes it appear that he is dying for her.
The Duke of Dorset will shout Zuleika Dobson's name as he jumps into the river.
A thunderstorm overwhelms the Eights Week boat races.
The Duke of Dorset drowns himself in the River Isis.
The Duke of Dorset is wearing the robes of a Knight of the Garter.
Every fellow undergraduate, except one, promptly follows suit.
All of the Oxford undergraduates are now dead.
Noaks is among the dead, with some delay.
Zuleika Dobson discusses the ordeal with her grandfather.
Zuleika Dobson's grandfather reveals that he too was enamored by all when he was her age.
Oxford's academic staff barely notice that nearly all of their undergraduates have vanished.
Zuleika Dobson decides to order a special train for the next morning.
The special train is bound for Cambridge.