The name of the Pentamerone comes from Greek πέντε [pénte], ‘five’.
The name of the Pentamerone comes from Greek ἡμέρα [hêméra], ‘day’.
The Pentamerone is structured around a fantastic frame story.
Fifty stories are related over the course of five days in the Pentamerone.
The Decameron compendium of Tuscany has ten stories.
The frame story of the Pentamerone features a cursed, melancholy princess named Zoza.
The name Zoza means "mud" or "slime" in Neapolitan.
The name Zoza is also used as a term of endearment.
Zoza cannot laugh, no matter what her father does to amuse her.
Zoza's father sets up a fountain of oil by the door.
Zoza's father thinks people slipping in the oil would make Zoza laugh.
An old woman tries to gather oil from the fountain.
A page boy breaks the old woman's jug.
The old woman grows angry after the page boy breaks her jug.
The old woman dances about in her anger.
Zoza laughs at the old woman dancing.
The old woman curses Zoza to marry only the prince of Round-Field.
Zoza can only wake the prince of Round-Field by filling a pitcher with tears in three days.
Zoza receives no help from fairies.
The fairies do not give Zoza any gifts.
Zoza finds the prince of Round-Field.
Zoza finds the pitcher.
Zoza nearly fills the pitcher when she falls asleep.
A Moorish slave steals the pitcher from Zoza.
The Moorish slave finishes filling the pitcher.
The Moorish slave claims the prince of Round-Field.
The frame story of the Pentamerone is a fairy tale.
The frame story combines motifs that appear in other stories.
The princess who cannot laugh appears in The Magic Swan.
The princess who cannot laugh appears in Golden Goose.
The princess who cannot laugh appears in The Princess Who Never Smiled.
The curse to marry only one hard-to-find person appears in Snow-White-Fire-Red.
The curse to marry only one hard-to-find person appears in Anthousa, Xanthousa, Chrisomalousa.
The heroine falling asleep while trying to save the hero appears in The Sleeping Prince.
The heroine losing the hero because of trickery appears in Nourie Hadig.
The now-pregnant slave-queen demands that her husband tell her stories.
The now-pregnant slave-queen demands stories at the impetus of Zoza's fairy gifts.
The now-pregnant slave-queen would crush her unborn child if her husband does not tell her stories.
The husband hires ten female storytellers to keep the now-pregnant slave-queen amused.
Zoza is disguised among the ten female storytellers.
Each storyteller tells five stories.
Most of the stories are more suitable to courtly audiences.
Most of the stories are not suitable to juvenile audiences.
The Moorish woman's treachery is revealed in the final story.
Zoza relates the final story.
The Moorish woman is buried, pregnant, up to her neck in the ground.
The Moorish woman is left to die.
Zoza and the Prince of Round-Field live happily ever after.
Many of the fairy tales in the Pentamerone are the oldest known variants in existence.
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Tale of the Ogre."
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Myrtle."
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "Peruonto."
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "Vardiello."
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Flea."
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "Cenerentola," translated in English as Cinderella.
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Merchant."
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "Goat-Face."
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Enchanted Doe."
The first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Sisters."
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "Parsley," a variant of Rapunzel.
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "Green Meadow."
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "Violet."
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "Pippo," a variant of Puss In Boots.
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Snake."
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "The She-Bear," a variant of Allerleirauh.
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Dove," a variant of Snow-White-Fire-Red.
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Young Slave," a variant of Snow White.
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Padlock."
The second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Buddy."
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "Cannetella."
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "Penta of the Chopped-off Hands," a variant of The Girl Without Hands.
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "Face."
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "Sapia Liccarda."
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "The Cockroach, the Mouse, and the Cricket."
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "The Garlic Patch."
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "Corvetto."
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "The Booby."
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "Rosella."
The third day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Fairies."
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Stone in the Cock's Head."
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Two Brothers."
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Enchanted Princes."
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Seven Little Pork Rinds."
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Dragon."
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Crowns."
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Two Cakes," a variant of Diamonds and Toads.
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Seven Doves," a variant of The Seven Ravens.
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Raven."
The fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "Pride Punished," a variant of King Thrushbeard.
The fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Goose."
The fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Months."
The fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "Pintosmalto."
The fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Golden Root," a variant of Cupid and Psyche.
The fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "Sun, Moon, and Talia," a variant of Sleeping Beauty.
The fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "Sapia."
The fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Five Sons."
The fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "Nennillo and Nennella," a variant of Brother and Sister.
The fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Citrons," a variant of The Love for Three Oranges.