Roy Glenister is a young fearless prospector.
Dextry is Roy Glenister's older partner.
Roy Glenister and Dextry are headed back to Nome on the first ship of the season.
Roy Glenister and Dextry are eager to return to protect their gold claim called the "Midas."
The gold claim called the "Midas" promises to yield great wealth to Roy Glenister and Dextry.
A young woman boards the ship.
The young woman is being pursued by pursuers.
The young woman is intent on reaching Nome as soon as possible.
Roy Glenister begins to fall for the young woman.
The young woman's name is Helen Chester.
Helen Chester is the niece of Judge Arthur Chester.
Judge Arthur Chester was recently appointed as the first federal judge for the Alaska Territory.
The law is coming to the wild northern frontier.
The law turns out to be crooked.
Judge Arthur Chester is under the thumb of strongman politician Alexander McNamara.
After reaching Nome, Alexander McNamara succeeds in being appointed receiver of all the most lucrative mining claims in the region.
Alexander McNamara's appointment is based on fraudulent disputes over the validity of the miners' claims.
Roy Glenister, Dextry, and a number of naive Swedes are dispossessed of their lands.
The miners refuse to hire lawyers.
The miners decide to fight on their own.
The miners form a vigilante group to fight the law.
Alexander McNamara rules ruthlessly.
Alexander McNamara runs the mines himself.
Roy Glenister sinks into despair.
Roy Glenister believes that Helen Chester is in on the conspiracy against the miners.
Roy Glenister almost loses his stake in the Midas in a night of reckless gambling.
Cherry Malotte saves Roy Glenister from losing his stake in the Midas.
Cherry Malotte has unrequited love for Roy Glenister.
Cherry Malotte's unrequited love for Roy Glenister has brought her to Nome.
Helen Chester slowly learns about the scheme being perpetrated by Alexander McNamara, her uncle, and others.
Helen Chester's affections are torn between Roy Glenister and Alexander McNamara.