Jeremy Fisher is a frog.
Jeremy Fisher lives in a damp little house.
Jeremy Fisher's house is amongst the buttercups.
Jeremy Fisher's house is at the edge of a pond.
Jeremy Fisher's larder is slippy-sloppy with water.
Jeremy Fisher's back passage is slippy-sloppy with water.
Jeremy Fisher likes getting his feet wet.
No one ever scolds Jeremy Fisher.
Jeremy Fisher never catches cold.
One day, Jeremy Fisher finds it raining.
Jeremy Fisher decides to go fishing.
If Jeremy Fisher catches more than five minnows, Jeremy Fisher will invite his friends to dinner.
Jeremy Fisher puts on a Macintosh.
Jeremy Fisher puts on shiny Galoshes.
Jeremy Fisher takes his rod.
Jeremy Fisher takes his basket.
Jeremy Fisher sets off with enormous hops.
Jeremy Fisher goes to the place where he keeps his lily-pad boat.
Jeremy Fisher poles to a place he knows is good for minnows.
Once at the place, Jeremy Fisher sits cross-legged on his lily-pad.
Jeremy Fisher arranges his tackle.
Jeremy Fisher has the dearest little red float.
Jeremy Fisher's rod is a stalk of grass.
Jeremy Fisher's line is a horsehair.
An hour passes without a nibble.
Jeremy Fisher takes a break.
Jeremy Fisher lunches on a butterfly sandwich.
A water beetle tweaks Jeremy Fisher's toe.
The water beetle causes Jeremy Fisher to withdraw his legs.
Rats rustling about in the rushes force Jeremy Fisher to seek a safer location.
Jeremy Fisher drops his line into the water.
Jeremy Fisher immediately has a bite.
The bite is not a minnow.
The bite is little Jack Sharp, a stickleback.
The fish escapes.
Jeremy Fisher pricks his fingers on Jack Sharp's spines.
A shoal of little fishes comes to the surface.
The little fishes laugh at Jeremy Fisher.
Jeremy Fisher sucks his sore fingers.
A trout rises from the water.
The trout seizes Jeremy Fisher with a snap.
Mr. Jeremy Fisher screams, "OW-OW-OW!!!".
The trout dives to the bottom.
The trout finds the Macintosh tasteless.
The trout spits Jeremy Fisher out.
The trout swallows only Jeremy Fisher's goloshes.
Jeremy Fisher bounces up to the surface of the water.
Jeremy Fisher bounces like a stone sinking to the bottom.
Jeremy Fisher swims to the pond's edge.
Jeremy Fisher scrambles up the bank.
Jeremy Fisher hops home through the meadow.
Jeremy Fisher has lost his fishing equipment.
Jeremy Fisher is quite sure he will never go fishing again.
In the last few pages, Jeremy Fisher has put sticking plaster on his fingers.
Jeremy Fisher welcomes his friends.
Sir Isaac Newton is a newt.
Alderman Ptolemy Tortoise is a tortoise.
Alderman Ptolemy Tortoise eats salad.
Isaac Newton wears a black and gold waistcoat.
Ptolemy Tortoise brings a salad in a string bag.
Jeremy Fisher has prepared roasted grasshopper with ladybird sauce.
The narrator describes the dish as a frog treat.
The narrator thinks the dish must have been nasty.