Roy Glenister is a young fearless prospector.
Dextry is Roy Glenister's older partner.
Roy Glenister and Dextry are headed back to Nome on the first ship of the season.
Roy Glenister and Dextry are eager to return to protect their gold claim called the "Midas".
The gold claim called the "Midas" promises to yield great wealth to Roy Glenister and Dextry.
Roy Glenister and Dextry defend a young woman who boards the ship from her pursuers.
The young woman is intent on reaching Nome as soon as possible.
Roy Glenister begins to fall for the young woman.
The young woman turns out to be Helen Chester.
Helen Chester is the niece of Judge Arthur Chester.
Judge Arthur Chester is recently appointed as the first federal judge for the Alaska Territory.
The law is coming to the wild northern frontier.
The law turns out to be crooked.
Judge Arthur Chester and the federal marshall are under the thumb of strongman politician Alexander McNamara.
After reaching Nome, Alexander McNamara succeeds in being appointed receiver of all the most lucrative mining claims in the region.
Alexander McNamara's appointment is based on fraudulent disputes over the validity of the miners' claims.
Roy Glenister, Dextry, and a number of naive Swedes are dispossessed of their lands.
The miners hire lawyers to fight on the legal side.
The miners form a vigilante group to fight the law.
Alexander McNamara rules ruthlessly.
Alexander McNamara runs the mines himself.
Roy Glenister remains hopeful.
Roy Glenister believes that Helen Chester is not involved in the conspiracy against the miners.
Roy Glenister almost loses his stake in the Midas in a night of reckless gambling.
Cherry Malotte saves Roy Glenister from losing his stake in the Midas.
Cherry Malotte has unrequited love for Roy Glenister.
Cherry Malotte's unrequited love for Roy Glenister has brought her to Nome.
Helen Chester slowly learns about the scheme being perpetrated by Alexander McNamara, her uncle, and others.
Helen Chester's affections are torn between Roy Glenister and Alexander McNamara.