Jimmy Torrance is a football player, boxer, socialite, athlete, and all-around Big Man On Campus.
Jimmy Torrance is nearly kicked out of university.
Jimmy Torrance pleads for a second chance.
Jimmy Torrance is granted a second chance.
Jimmy Torrance successfully graduates from university.
Jimmy Torrance spurns an offer from his father to come work for the family business.
Jimmy Torrance determines to make something of himself first.
Jimmy Torrance repairs to Chicago.
Jimmy Torrance's many attempts to find work come to nothing.
Jimmy Torrance despairs due to his lack of work.
Jimmy Torrance has a friendship with a pickpocket known as "The Lizard."
The friendship with "The Lizard" cheers Jimmy Torrance up.
Jimmy Torrance reapplies himself after befriending "The Lizard."
Jimmy Torrance finally finds work in a department store.
Jimmy Torrance makes the acquaintance of a young lady named Elizabeth Compton.
Jimmy Torrance gains a number of jobs in rapid succession.
Jimmy Torrance loses a number of jobs in rapid succession.
Jimmy Torrance works as a ladies' hosiery clerk.
Jimmy Torrance works as a waiter.
Jimmy Torrance works as a boxer.
Jimmy Torrance works as a milkman.
Jimmy Torrance chances to meet Elizabeth Compton in most of his occupations.
Jimmy Torrance chances to meet Harriet Holden in most of his occupations.
Jimmy Torrance loses the friendship of a prostitute named Edith (Little Eva).
Elizabeth Compton's father runs a factory.
Elizabeth Compton's father is worried that he is losing money.
Elizabeth Compton's father advertises for an "efficiency expert."
Elizabeth Compton's father wants the "efficiency expert" to help him turn things around.
Edith sees the ad for the "efficiency expert."
Edith encourages Jimmy Torrance to apply for the job.
Edith writes fraudulent letters of recommendation for Jimmy Torrance.
Jimmy Torrance gets the job as an "efficiency expert."
Jimmy Torrance immediately begins to improve things at the factory.
Jimmy Torrance begins to suspect that someone at the factory is stealing.
Harold Bince is Elizabeth Compton's fiancé.
Harold Bince is the factory's assistant manager.
Harold Bince is the embezzler at the factory.
Harold Bince has large gambling debts.
Harold Bince tries to get Jimmy Torrance fired.
Elizabeth Compton eagerly assists Harold Bince in his effort to get Jimmy Torrance fired.
Jimmy Torrance figures out the truth about Harold Bince.
Jimmy Torrance has Mr. Compton engage an outside firm of accountants.
Jimmy Torrance does not want to deliver the bad news himself.
Harold Bince tries to get rid of Jimmy Torrance in desperation.
A violent climax occurs in which Elizabeth Compton's father is murdered.
Jimmy Torrance is framed for the murder.
The Lizard works to get Jimmy Torrance off.
Little Eva works to get Jimmy Torrance off.
The effort to get Jimmy Torrance off finally succeeds.
The Lizard takes the stand.
The Lizard proves that Jimmy Torrance could not have committed the murder.
Harold Bince persuades Elizabeth Compton to marry him.
Harold Bince is exposed.
Harold Bince commits suicide.
Elizabeth Compton is sadder and wiser after the events.
Elizabeth Compton asks Jimmy Torrance to take over as manager of the factory.