Buck is a large and powerful St. Bernard-Scotch Shepherd.
Buck lives happily in California's Santa Clara Valley.
Buck is the pet of Judge Miller.
Buck is stolen by the gardener's assistant.
The gardener's assistant sells Buck to fund his gambling addiction.
Buck is shipped to Seattle.
Buck is put in a crate.
Buck is starved.
Buck is ill-treated.
When released, Buck attacks the "man in the red sweater."
Buck is badly beaten.
Buck is taught to respect the "law of the club."
Buck is sold to a pair of French-Canadian dispatchers from the Canadian government.
The names of the French-Canadian dispatchers are Françoise and Perrault.
Françoise and Perrault take Buck with them to the Klondike region of Canada.
Françoise and Perrault train Buck as a sled dog.
Buck quickly learns to survive cold winter nights.
Buck quickly learns about pack society.
A rivalry develops between Buck and the lead dog, Spitz.
Spitz is vicious and quarrelsome.
Buck eventually beats Spitz in a fight "to the death."
Spitz is killed by the pack after his defeat by Buck.
Buck eventually becomes the leader of the team.
The team is sold to a "Scottish half-breed" man working the mail service.
The dogs must carry heavy loads to the mining areas.
The journeys the team makes are tiresome and long.
One of the team members is a morose husky named Dave.
Dave becomes sick.
Dave eventually has to be shot to end his misery.
Buck's next owners are a trio of stampeders.
The names of the stampeders are Hal, Charles, and Mercedes.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes are from the United States.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes are inexperienced at surviving in the Northern wilderness.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes struggle to control the sled.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes ignore warnings about the dangers posed by the spring melt.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes overfeed the dogs.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes starve the dogs when the food runs out.
On their journey, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes meet John Thornton.
John Thornton is an experienced outdoorsman.
John Thornton notices that the dogs have been poorly treated.
John Thornton notices that the dogs are in a weakened condition.
John Thornton warns Hal, Charles, and Mercedes against crossing the river.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes ignore John Thornton's advice.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes order Buck to move on.
Buck is exhausted.
Buck is starving.
Buck senses danger ahead.
Buck refuses to move.
Buck continues to lie unmoving in the snow.
Hal beats Buck.
John Thornton recognizes Buck to be a remarkable dog.
John Thornton is disgusted by Hal's treatment of Buck.
John Thornton hits Hal with the butt of his axe.
John Thornton cuts Buck free from his traces.
John Thornton tells Hal, Charles, and Mercedes that he is keeping Buck.
Hal is displeased by John Thornton's decision.
After some argument, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes leave.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes try to cross the river.
The ice breaks as John Thornton warned.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes fall into the river.
Hal, Charles, and Mercedes drown.
The sled and neglected dogs drown with Hal, Charles, and Mercedes.
Buck comes to love John Thornton.
Buck grows devoted to John Thornton.
John Thornton nurses Buck back to health.
Buck saves John Thornton when John Thornton falls into a river.
John Thornton takes Buck on trips to pan for gold.
A bonanza king wagers John Thornton on Buck's strength and devotion.
Buck wins by breaking a half-ton sled free of the frozen ground.
Buck pulls the sled 100 yards.
Buck wins US$1,600 in gold dust.
After Hal beats Buck, John Thornton does not recognize Buck to be a remarkable dog.
A king of the Skookum Benches offers a large sum to buy Buck.
John Thornton has grown fond of Buck.
John Thornton declines the offer to sell Buck.
While John Thornton and his friends continue their search for gold, Buck explores the wilderness.
Buck socializes with a timber wolf from a local pack.
One night, Buck returns from a long hunt.
Buck finds that John Thornton and the others in the camp have been killed by a group of Yeehat natives.
Buck eventually kills the Yeehat natives to avenge John Thornton.
Buck is then attacked by an entire pack of wolves.
Buck wins the fight against the pack of wolves.
Buck finds that the timber wolf he had socialized with is in the pack he fought.
Buck follows the timber wolf and its pack into the forest.
Buck answers the call of the wild.
At the end of the story, Buck returns each year as the Ghost Dog of the Northland Legend.
Buck returns to mourn at the site of John Thornton's death.