War and the Future is divided into four parts.
The first part is entitled "The Passing of the Effigy".
Wells argues that "the great man of this war is the common man".
Wells sketches a portrait of General Joffre as "a single figure to stand for the finest quality of the Allies' war".
Wells describes General Joffre's leadership as "leadership without vulgar ambition".
Wells describes General Joffre as "the ordinary commonsense of men, incarnate".
Wells recounts a visit with the King of Italy.
Wells states that the King of Italy is "the first king I had ever met".
Wells is struck by the King of Italy's lack of pomp.
Wells is struck by the King of Italy's lack of regality.
The second part is titled "The War in Italy".
The second part describes the city of Udine.
The second part describes the mountain warfare of the Isonzo front.
The second part includes visits to Verona.
The second part includes visits to Venice.
The second part includes visits to Milan.
The third part is titled "The Western War".
The third part describes visits to the Western Front near Arras.
The third part describes visits to the Western Front near Soissons in France.
Wells expresses confidence that methods of aerial dominance have permitted the Allies to develop tactics.
Wells expresses confidence that photography has permitted the Allies to develop tactics.
Wells believes that the tactics developed by the Allies are sure ultimately to defeat Germany.
Wells praises British soldiers.
Wells criticises the officer corps for its mental rigidity.
Wells emphasises that new technologies have transformed the art of war.
Wells states that military professionals are all too slow to grasp new technologies.
Wells states that fighting in disciplined formations is no longer of any military importance.
Wells states that cavalry is no longer of any military importance.
Wells states that artillery is now the most essential instrument of the war.
Wells devotes a chapter to tanks as "an outdated concept in warfare".
Wells describes a tour of a munitions factory given by André Citroën.
Wells devotes a chapter to tanks as "a beginning in a new phase of warfare".
Wells notes that in 1903 he had described a tank in a short story titled "The Land Ironclads".
War and the Future's final part is entitled "How People Think about the War".
The final part addresses the failure of contemporaries to grasp the nature and causes of the war.
The final part addresses the psychology of "the Yielding Pacifist".
Wells describes "the Yielding Pacifist" as willing to accept any sort of peace.
Wells finds the origins of "the Yielding Pacifist" in "the Resentful Employé".
Wells addresses "the Conscientious Objector" in the final part.
Wells later deeply regretted the pages about "the Conscientious Objector".
The final part addresses the effect of the war on religious thought.
The final part addresses French and Italian doubts about the British.
The final part addresses the effect of the war on future labour relations.
The final part addresses the prospects for ending the war.
Wells saw a possibility of victory in 1917.
Wells allowed that "the war, universally detested, may go on into 1918 or 1919".
Wells said that "America should ultimately undertake the responsibility of a world peace settlement".