Nordau begins his work with a "medical" and social interpretation of what has created degeneration in society.
Nordau divides his study into five books.
In the first book, Nordau identifies the phenomenon of fin de siècle in Europe.
Nordau sees the phenomenon of fin de siècle as first being recognized in France.
Nordau describes the phenomenon of fin de siècle as "a contempt for the traditional views of custom and morality".
Nordau sees the phenomenon of fin de siècle as a sort of decadence.
Nordau sees the phenomenon of fin de siècle as a world-weariness.
Nordau sees the phenomenon of fin de siècle as the wilful rejection of the moral boundaries governing the world.
Nordau uses examples from French periodicals and books in French to show how the phenomenon of fin de siècle has affected all elements of society.
Nordau accuses society of becoming more inclined to imitate what society sees in art.
Nordau sees that every single figure in fashionable society of Paris and London strives visibly by some singularity in outline, set, cut, or colour to startle attention violently.
Nordau sees that every single figure in fashionable society of Paris and London strives imperiously to detain attention.
Nordau sees that each figure wishes to create a sense of calm and tranquility, regardless of whether it is agreeable or disagreeable.
Nordau establishes the cultural phenomenon of fin de siècle in the opening pages of his work.
Nordau quickly moves to the viewpoint of a physician.
Nordau identifies what he sees as an illness in the fin-de-siècle disposition.
Nordau identifies tendencies of contemporary art and poetry as an illness.
Nordau identifies the life and conduct of men who write mystic, symbolic, and 'decadent' works as an illness.
Nordau identifies the attitude taken by admirers of mystic, symbolic, and 'decadent' works as an illness.
Nordau identifies the tastes and aesthetic instincts of fashionable society as an illness.
Nordau identifies the confluence of degeneration and hysteria as two well-defined conditions of disease.
Nordau identifies the minor stages of degeneration and hysteria as neurasthenia.
The book deals with numerous case studies of various artists, writers, and thinkers.
The book includes case studies of Oscar Wilde, Henrik Ibsen, Richard Wagner, and Friedrich Nietzsche.
The basic premise of Nordau's work remains that society and human beings themselves are degenerating.
Nordau claims that this degeneration is both reflected in and influenced by art.
Hannah Arendt refers to late 19th Century French society as embracing unusual or exotic types or individuals.
Hannah Arendt identifies criminals, Gypsies, and Turks as unusual or exotic types or individuals in late 19th Century French society.
Hannah Arendt identifies certain others formerly not seen as socially acceptable in late 19th Century French society.
Nordau's position is not novel or isolated as social criticism.
The original article's text comports quite closely to Howard Fertig, NY 1960.
During the time of Nordau's writing, physical, physiognomic, or mechanical factors were regarded as causative in mental aberrations and malfunctions.
The symbolic or mythic approaches later implemented by Freud and Jung made no part of Nordau's understanding of the human psyche.