The story is set in Manhattan during a protracted war between the United States and the Soviet Union.
Midtown Manhattan has been rendered an uninhabitable wasteland by a Soviet "Hell Bomb."
The rest of New York City is still occupied.
Wysten Turner is a British citizen.
Wysten Turner is in New York to barter.
Wysten Turner is bartering in exchange for grain.
Wysten Turner suspects that electronic equipment will be used in the construction of an American military base on the moon.
Wysten Turner pulls a young woman out of the way of a car.
A favorite gang activity is to snag women's clothing with fishhooks welded to cars' fenders.
The car that nearly hits the young woman came a bit too close.
Wysten Turner involves the police regarding the incident.
The police do not regard the incident as serious.
Wysten Turner ends up bribing the police to go away.
The wearing of masks has become all but mandatory for fashionable American women.
The masks are akin to the Muslim burka but carry no religious significance.
Wysten Turner cannot see the face of the woman he has helped.
Wysten Turner is intrigued by the woman he has helped.
The woman arranges for Wysten Turner to meet her later.
Wysten Turner and the woman go to a nightclub.
The woman begs Wysten Turner to help her escape America.
The woman explains that her boyfriend beats her when he loses a wrestling match.
Wysten Turner's sense of chivalry is aroused.
A fight occurs when the boyfriend arrives.
Wysten Turner knocks the boyfriend down.
The girl thanks Wysten Turner for defending her.
The girl does not turn on Wysten Turner after he defends her.
The girl's quasi-seduction of Wysten Turner is a ploy she has used on other men in the past.
All those around the girl already know about her ploy.
The girl never intended to leave the wrestler.
The girl craves her boyfriend's abuse.
Wysten Turner rips the mask from the girl's face.
Wysten Turner is repulsed by the girl's lack of grooming.
Wysten Turner is repulsed by the girl's expression of hatred.
Wysten Turner leaves.
Wysten Turner is anxious to return to England.