Helen Carey dies.
Helen Carey is the mother of nine-year-old Philip Carey.
Philip Carey has a club foot.
Philip Carey's father died a few months before Helen Carey died.
Philip Carey is orphaned.
Philip Carey is sent to live with Louisa Carey and William Carey.
Louisa Carey is Philip Carey's aunt.
William Carey is Philip Carey's uncle.
Early chapters relate Philip Carey's experiences at William Carey's vicarage.
Louisa Carey tries to be a mother to Philip Carey.
William Carey takes a cold disposition towards Philip Carey.
William Carey has a vast collection of books.
Philip Carey enjoys reading to find ways to escape his mundane existence.
Less than a year later, Philip Carey is sent to a boarding school.
Louisa Carey and William Carey wish for Philip Carey to eventually attend Oxford.
Philip Carey's disability makes it difficult for him to fit in with the other students.
Philip Carey is informed that he could have earned a scholarship for Oxford.
William Carey sees attending Oxford as a wise course for Philip Carey.
The school headmaster sees attending Oxford as a wise course for Philip Carey.
Philip Carey insists on going to Germany.
Philip Carey lives alone in an apartment in Germany.
Philip Carey enjoys his stay in Germany.
Philip Carey's guardians decide to take matters into their own hands.
Philip Carey's guardians persuade Philip Carey to move to London.
Philip Carey takes up an apprenticeship in London.
Philip Carey does not fare well at his apprenticeship in London.
Philip Carey's co-workers resent him.
Philip Carey's co-workers believe he is a "gentleman."
Philip Carey goes on a business trip with one of his managers to Paris.
Philip Carey is inspired by the trip to study art in France.
Philip Carey attends art classes in France.
Philip Carey makes new friends in France.
Fanny Price is a poor and determined but talentless art student.
Fanny Price does not get along well with people.
Fanny Price falls in love with Philip Carey.
Philip Carey does not know that Fanny Price loves him.
Philip Carey has no romantic feelings for Fanny Price.
Fanny Price commits suicide.
Philip Carey realizes that he will never be a professional artist.
Philip Carey returns to William Carey's house in England.
Philip Carey studies medicine.
Philip Carey pursues his late father's field.
Philip Carey struggles at medical school.
Mildred is working as a waitress in a tea shop.
Philip Carey falls desperately in love with Mildred.
Philip Carey and Mildred date regularly.
Mildred does not show any affection for Philip Carey.
Mildred tells Philip Carey she is getting married to another man.
Mildred's announcement leaves Philip Carey heartbroken.
Philip Carey enters into an affair with Norah Nesbit.
Norah Nesbit is a kind and sensitive author of penny romance novels.
Mildred returns, pregnant.
Mildred confesses to Philip Carey that the man for whom she had abandoned him never married her.
Philip Carey breaks off his relationship with Norah Nesbit.
Philip Carey supports Mildred financially.
Philip Carey can ill afford to support Mildred financially.
After Mildred has her baby, she falls in love with Harry Griffiths.
Mildred runs away with Harry Griffiths.
About a year later, Philip Carey runs into Mildred again.
Philip Carey feels sympathy for Mildred.
Philip Carey takes Mildred in again.
Philip Carey no longer loves Mildred.
Philip Carey becomes attached to Mildred's baby.
Philip Carey rejects Mildred's advances.
Mildred becomes angry with Philip Carey.
Mildred destroys most of Philip Carey's belongings.
Mildred leaves Philip Carey forever.
Philip Carey leaves the house for good.
Philip Carey meets Mildred towards the end of the novel.
Mildred summons Philip Carey for his medical opinion.
Mildred is probably suffering from syphilis.
Mildred's probable syphilis results from her work as a prostitute.
Philip Carey advises Mildred to give up her life as a prostitute.
Mildred declines Philip Carey's advice.
Mildred's fate remains unknown.
Philip Carey works at a hospital.
Philip Carey befriends Thorpe Athelny.
Thorpe Athelny is a family man.
Thorpe Athelny has lived in Toledo, Spain.
Thorpe Athelny is enthusiastic about Spain.
Thorpe Athelny is translating the works of St. John of the Cross.
Philip Carey invests in mines.
Philip Carey is left nearly penniless because of events surrounding the Boer War.
Philip Carey is unable to pay his rent.
Philip Carey wanders the streets for several days.
The Athelnys take Philip Carey in.
The Athelnys find Philip Carey a department store job.
Philip Carey hates his department store job.
Philip Carey's talent for drawing is discovered.
Philip Carey receives a promotion and a raise in salary.
Philip Carey's time at the department store is short-lived.
William Carey dies.
Philip Carey inherits enough money to finish his medical studies.
Philip Carey becomes a licensed doctor.
Philip Carey takes on a temporary placement at a hospital with Dr. South.
Dr. South is an old, cantankerous physician.
Dr. South's wife is dead.
Dr. South's daughter has broken off contact with him.
Dr. South takes a shine to Philip Carey's humour and personable nature.
Dr. South offers Philip Carey a partnership in his medical practice.
Philip Carey refuses Dr. South's offer.
Philip Carey refuses Dr. South's offer because of his plans to visit Spain.
Philip Carey goes on a small summer vacation with the Athelnys.
Philip Carey goes hop-picking in the Kent countryside.
One of Thorpe Athelny's daughters, Sally, likes Philip Carey.
Philip Carey and Sally have sex one evening.
Sally thinks she is pregnant.
Philip Carey decides to marry Sally.
Philip Carey decides to accept Dr. South's offer.
Philip Carey decides to marry Sally instead of traveling the world.
Philip Carey and Sally meet in the National Gallery.
Philip Carey learns that Sally's pregnancy was a false alarm.
Philip Carey becomes engaged to Sally.
Philip Carey concludes that the simplest pattern of life is the most perfect.
Philip Carey stops searching for happiness.
Philip Carey decides to be content with his lot.