Dr. Melmoth is the President of fictional Harley College.
Dr. Melmoth takes Ellen Langton into his care.
Ellen Langton is the daughter of Mr. Langton.
Mr. Langton is at sea.
Ellen Langton is a young, beautiful girl.
Ellen Langton attracts the attentions of the college boys.
Edward Walcott is a strapping though immature student.
Fanshawe is a reclusive, meek intellectual.
The three young people meet a nameless character called “the angler.”
The angler appears to be an expert fisherman.
The angler asks for a word with Ellen Langton.
The angler tells Ellen Langton something in secret.
The angler apparently flusters Ellen Langton.
Edward Walcott becomes suspicious of the angler's intentions.
Fanshawe becomes suspicious of the angler's intentions.
The angler is an old friend of the reformed Inn owner, Hugh Crombie.
The angler and Hugh Crombie had been at sea together.
Mr. Langton had been the angler's mentor and caretaker.
The angler is a sworn enemy of Hugh Crombie.
The angler and Hugh Crombie had a falling out.
The angler thinks that Mr. Langton has been killed at sea.
The angler undertakes to marry Ellen Langton in order to inherit her father's considerable wealth.
The angler instructs Ellen Langton to sneak out of Melmoth's home.
The angler tells Ellen Langton to follow him.
The angler claims to have information about Ellen Langton's father’s whereabouts.
The angler's real aim is to kidnap Ellen Langton.
The angler's real aim is to tell Ellen Langton of her father’s death.
The angler's real aim is to manipulate Ellen Langton into marrying him.
Melmoth, Edward Walcott, and Fanshawe learn that Ellen Langton is not in her chamber.
Melmoth goes searching for Ellen Langton.
Edward Walcott goes searching for Ellen Langton.
Fanshawe goes searching for Ellen Langton.
Melmoth is an aged scholar unused to physical labor.
Melmoth enlists the help of Edward Walcott.
Edward Walcott is the most skilled rider.
Edward Walcott is the most likely to be able to contend with the angler in a fight.
Fanshawe lags behind the search because of his weak constitution.
Fanshawe lags behind the search because of his slow horse.
An old woman in a cabin gives Fanshawe information.
The old woman in the cabin is not named.
Widow Butler is another old woman in the cabin.
Widow Butler is the angler's mother.
Widow Butler has just died.
The information allows Fanshawe to reach the angler and Ellen Langton first.
The angler has taken Ellen Langton to a craggy cliff and cave.
The angler intends to hold Ellen Langton captive.
Ellen Langton has finally realized the angler's intentions.
Fanshawe arrives at the cliff.
Fanshawe stands above the angler and Ellen Langton.
Fanshawe looks over the edge of the cliff.
The angler begins to climb up the cliff to fight Fanshawe.
The angler grabs a twig too weak to support him.
The angler tumbles to his death.
Fanshawe awakens Ellen Langton from a faint.
Fanshawe and Ellen Langton travel back to town together.
Fanshawe loves Ellen Langton.
Fanshawe knows that he will die young because of his shut-in lifestyle.
Langton offers Ellen Langton's hand in marriage to Fanshawe.
Langton offers Ellen Langton's hand in marriage to Fanshawe in exchange for rescuing her.
Fanshawe refuses Langton's offer.
Fanshawe sacrifices his happiness so as not to subject Ellen Langton to a life of widowhood.
Fanshawe knows that Ellen Langton has affections for Edward Walcott.
Fanshawe dies at the age of 20.
Ellen Langton and Edward Walcott marry four years later.
Walcott grows out of his childish ways.
Walcott grows out of his drunkenness.
Walcott grows out of his impulsiveness.
Walcott grows out of the suggestion of teenage affairs.
Walcott becomes content with Ellen Langton.
Ellen Langton and Edward Walcott are happy.
The book ends on an ambivalent note.
Ellen Langton and Edward Walcott did not produce children.