Christie's reputation as "The Queen of Crime" was built upon the large number of classic motifs that Agatha Christie introduced.
Agatha Christie provided the most famous example of classic motifs.
Agatha Christie built tropes into what is now considered classic mystery structure.
A murder is committed in classic mystery structure.
There are multiple suspects in classic mystery structure.
All suspects in classic mystery structure are concealing secrets.
The detective gradually uncovers secrets over the course of the story.
The detective discovers the most shocking twists towards the end of the story.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries have included children.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries have included policemen.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries have included narrators.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries have included already deceased individuals.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries sometimes comprise no known suspects.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries sometimes comprise all of the suspects.
In "And Then There Were None," there are no known suspects.
In "Murder on the Orient Express," all of the suspects are culprits.
At the end of Agatha Christie's mysteries, the detective usually gathers the surviving suspects into one room.
The detective explains the course of his deductive reasoning at the end of Agatha Christie's mysteries.
The detective reveals the guilty party at the end of Agatha Christie's mysteries.
There are exceptions in which it is left to the guilty party to explain all.
"And Then There Were None" is an exception in which it is left to the guilty party to explain all.
"Endless Night" is an exception in which it is left to the guilty party to explain all.
Agatha Christie allows some culprits to escape earthly justice for a variety of reasons.
One reason culprits escape earthly justice is the passage of time in retrospective cases.
In retrospective cases, the most important characters have already died.
Another reason culprits escape earthly justice is active prescription.
Some cases in which culprits escape earthly justice include "The Witness for the Prosecution."
Some cases in which culprits escape earthly justice include "Murder on the Orient Express."
Some cases in which culprits escape earthly justice include "The Man in the Brown Suit."
Some cases in which culprits escape earthly justice include "Elephants Can Remember."
Some cases in which culprits escape earthly justice include "The Unexpected Guest."
There are instances in which a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
A killer sometimes dies as a direct result of his plot.
A killer sometimes dies by his own hand at the direction of the detective.
A killer sometimes dies with the collusion of the detective.
Hercule Poirot is usually the detective in Agatha Christie's mysteries.
This occurs in "The Murder of Roger Ackroyd."
This occurs in "Death on the Nile."
This occurs in "Dumb Witness."
This occurs in "Crooked House."
This occurs in "The Hollow."
This occurs in "The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side."
This occurs in "Cat Among the Pigeons."
This occurs in "Peril at End House."
This occurs in "Nemesis."
This occurs in "Appointment with Death."
This occurs in "The Secret Adversary."
This occurs in "Curtain."
In "Curtain," no fewer than three culprits die during the course of the story.
In "The A.B.C. Murders," the murderer has killed four innocent people.
In "The A.B.C. Murders," the murderer attempted to frame an unstable man for the crimes.
Hercule Poirot prevents the murderer from evading justice in "The A.B.C. Murders."
Hercule Poirot ensures a trial and hanging in "The A.B.C. Murders."
In "And Then There Were None," the killer's own death is intrinsic to the plot.
The red herring in "And Then There Were None" is when and how the killer actually died.
Stage, film, and television productions of some of Agatha Christie's mysteries were traditionally sanitized.
In sanitized productions, the culprits do not evade some form of justice.
Sanitized productions are influenced by censors.
Sanitized productions are influenced by plot clarity.
Sanitized productions are influenced by Agatha Christie's own changing tastes.
When Agatha Christie adapted "Witness for the Prosecution" into a stage play, she lengthened the ending.
In the lengthened ending of "Witness for the Prosecution," the murderer was also killed.
The format of lengthening the ending was followed in film productions.
The format of lengthening the ending was followed in television productions.
The film adaptation of "Witness for the Prosecution" starred Charles Laughton and Marlene Dietrich.
In "Death Comes as the End," set in ancient Egypt, the culprit is not killed in the act.
The culprit in "Death Comes as the End" is not killed before he can claim another victim.
One of the few surviving characters in "Death Comes as the End" does not kill the culprit.
In some stories, the question remains unresolved of whether formal justice will ever be delivered.
"Five Little Pigs" is a story in which the question remains unresolved about formal justice.
"Endless Night" is a story in which the question remains unresolved about formal justice.
According to P. D. James, Agatha Christie often made the unlikeliest character the guilty party.
Agatha Christie does not always make the unlikeliest character the guilty party.
Savvy readers could sometimes identify the culprit by identifying the least likely suspect.
In 2007, Brian Aldiss claimed that Agatha Christie told him that she wrote her books up to the last chapter.
Agatha Christie decided who the most unlikely suspect was after writing up to the last chapter.
Agatha Christie would go back and make necessary changes to "frame" the most unlikely suspect.
John Curran's "Agatha Christie: The Secret Notebooks" describes different working methods for every book in Agatha Christie's bibliography.
John Curran's description contradicts the claim by Brian Aldiss.