The synopsis is consistent with the novel in its later forms (1946 and subsequent editions).
The synopsis differs in detail from the original 1928 text as transcribed at Project Gutenberg.
There were significant changes between the 1928 magazine publication and the 1946 hardcover.
There were significant changes between the early hardcovers and the late 1950s and later paperback editions.
The Skylark of Space is the first book of the Skylark series.
The Skylark of Space features the idealistic protagonist, Dick Seaton.
Dick Seaton works alongside the mercantile ally Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne.
At the beginning of the story, Dick Seaton accidentally discovers a workable space drive.
Dick Seaton discovers the workable space drive by combining pure copper with a newly discovered fictional element "X".
The fictional element "X" is suggested to be a stable transactinide element in the platinum group.
Dick Seaton fails to re-create the effect of the workable space drive.
Dick Seaton realizes that the missing component is a field generated by Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's particle accelerator.
Dick Seaton sets up a business with his millionaire friend, Martin Crane.
Dick Seaton and Martin Crane set up a business to build a spaceship.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne conspires to sabotage Dick Seaton's spaceship.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne plans to build his own spaceship from Dick Seaton's plans.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne uses his spaceship to kidnap Dick Seaton's fiancée, Dorothy Vaneman.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne kidnaps Dorothy Vaneman to exchange for the fictional element "X".
In the resulting fight, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship is accidentally set to full acceleration.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship is set on an uncontrolled trajectory.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship continues until the copper 'power bar' is exhausted.
Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship travels a vast distance from Earth's solar system.
Dick Seaton and Martin Crane use an "Object Compass" to follow Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne.
The "Object Compass" always points toward the object it is locked on.
Dick Seaton and Martin Crane follow Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne in their own spaceship, the Skylark.
Dick Seaton and Martin Crane aim to rescue Dorothy Vaneman and her fellow-hostage, Margaret "Peg" Spencer.
The Skylark discovers Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship derelict in orbit around a massive dead star.
The massive dead star resembles a cold neutron star.
Dick Seaton obtains a promise from Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne to act as one of the party until they get back to Earth.
Dick Seaton and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne leave orbit and travel further in search of additional fuel.
Dick Seaton and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne obtain the fictional element "X" from an outcrop almost purely of that mineral on an Earthlike exoplanet.
Dick Seaton and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne leave the Earthlike exoplanet in search of copper.
Dick Seaton and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne encounter a "Disembodied Intelligence".
The "Disembodied Intelligence" shows attributes similar to Star Trek's "Q".
Dick Seaton and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne enter a cluster of stars nicknamed “The Green System”.
Dick Seaton and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne locate a planet having copper sulfate oceans.
Dick Seaton and his friends befriend the rulers of Mardonale.
Mardonale is one of the two factions of the Osnomian natives.
The Mardonalian ruler attempts to betray Dick Seaton and his friends.
Dick Seaton and his friends find allies in Prince Dunark.
Prince Dunark is a crown-prince of Mardonale's rival "Kondal".
Dick Seaton and his friends assist Prince Dunark and Princess Sitar in destroying Mardonale.
The Kondalians make new copper "power bars".
The Kondalians rebuild the Skylark as Skylark Two.
Skylark Two has new weapons known to Kondalian science.
Dick Seaton's marriage to Dorothy Vaneman is solemnized by the Kondalian monarchy.
Martin Crane's marriage to Margaret "Peg" Spencer is solemnized by the Kondalian monarchy.
Dick Seaton is declared nominal "Overlord" of Kondal.
The Skylark returns to Earth.
The Skylark is laden with jewels, platinum, radium, and a plenitude of the fictional element "X".
Near Earth, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne leaves the Skylark by parachute.
The story ends with the Skylark's landing on Crane's Field.