The story is told from the point of view of a first-person narrator.
Little is revealed about the first-person narrator before the final pages.
An extended meditation appears on the nature of human names.
The meditation specifically discusses the name Z. Marcas.
The name Z. Marcas is composed of two syllables.
The name Z. Marcas has a sinister significance.
The owner of the name Z. Marcas must be martyrized.
The name Z. Marcas has the right to go to posterity.
The name Z. Marcas is well composed.
The name Z. Marcas is easily pronounced.
The name Z. Marcas has brevity that is suitable for famous names.
The letter Z in the name Z. Marcas has an adverse influence.
The letter Z prefigures the wayward and fantastic progress of a storm-tossed life.
Charles lives with his friend Juste in a large boarding house.
The boarding house is populated almost entirely with students.
Charles is studying law.
Juste is studying medicine.
Z. Marcas is their middle-aged neighbor.
Charles and Juste see Z. Marcas only in momentary glimpses in the hall.
Z. Marcas is a copyist.
Z. Marcas is living on an extremely small salary.
The students lack funds for tobacco.
Z. Marcas offers the students some of his own tobacco.
Z. Marcas becomes friends with the students.
Z. Marcas tells the students the story of his political career.
Marcas recognized at an early age that he had an incisive mind for politics.
Marcas allied himself with an unnamed man of some fame.
The unnamed man of some fame lacked wisdom and insight.
Marcas and the unnamed man became a team.
The unnamed man served as the public face.
Marcas served as the advisor.
The unnamed man ascended into office.
The unnamed man abandoned Marcas after ascending into office.
The unnamed man hired Marcas again.
The unnamed man abandoned Marcas again.
Marcas was left poor and unknown.
Marcas was resigned to duplicate the writing of others for very little pay.
The politician friend of Marcas seeks his help for a third time.
Marcas is dismissive of the politician friend's request for help.
The students convince Marcas to give the process one last chance.
After three months, Marcas appears at the boarding house again.
Marcas appears sick and exhausted.
The politician never visits Marcas.
Marcas soon dies.
Many people attend the funeral of Marcas.
The students are disheartened by the tragedy.
The students leave France.