The plot concerns the children of the Duke of Omnium, Plantagenet Palliser, and his late wife, Lady Glencora.
Lady Glencora dies unexpectedly.
The Duke of Omnium is left to deal with his grownup children.
The Duke of Omnium has a close relationship with his grownup children.
The government in which the Duke of Omnium is Prime Minister has fallen.
The Duke of Omnium is left bereft of his beloved wife.
The Duke of Omnium is left bereft of his political position.
Before her death, Lady Glencora gave her secret blessing to her daughter Mary's courtship by Frank Tregear.
Frank Tregear is a poor gentleman.
Frank Tregear is a friend of Lord Silverbridge.
Lord Silverbridge is the Duke of Omnium's older son and heir.
Mrs. Finn is Lady Glencora's dearest confidante.
Mrs. Finn remains after the funeral as a companion for Mary at the Duke's request.
Mrs. Finn remains after the funeral as an unofficial chaperone for Mary at the Duke's request.
Mrs. Finn becomes aware of the seriousness of the relationship between Mary and Frank.
Mrs. Finn insists that the Duke of Omnium be informed about the seriousness of the relationship.
The Duke of Omnium has two sons.
Lord Silverbridge follows the wishes of the Duke of Omnium by entering Parliament.
Lord Silverbridge had proposed to Lady Mabel Grex.
Lord Silverbridge has known Lady Mabel Grex all his life.
Lady Mabel Grex turned down Lord Silverbridge's proposal.
Lady Mabel Grex indicated a more welcoming answer another time.
Lord Silverbridge becomes enamoured with American heiress Isabel Boncassen.
Isabel Boncassen agrees to marry Lord Silverbridge.
Isabel Boncassen agrees to marry Lord Silverbridge only if the Duke of Omnium is willing to welcome her into the family.
At first, the Duke of Omnium disapproves of Isabel Boncassen.
The Duke of Omnium disapproves even more of his daughter's suitor.
Gerald, the younger son, gets himself expelled from Cambridge.
Gerald gets himself expelled from Cambridge after attending the Derby without permission.
By the end of the book, the Duke of Omnium grows closer to all three of his children.
The Duke of Omnium allows the engagements of both his son and daughter.
The Duke of Omnium is invited once more to take a part in the government.