Zola spends the next twenty-two years of his life working on the Rougon-Macquart cycle.
The fictional town of Plassans is established as the setting for the novel.
Plassans is loosely based on the real city of Aix-en-Provence.
Adelaide Fouque is introduced as the eccentric heroine of the novel.
Adelaide Fouque is later known as "Tante Dide."
Adelaide Fouque becomes the common ancestor for both the Rougon and Macquart families.
Adelaide Fouque has a legitimate son named Rougon.
Rougon is a labourer who worked on Dide's land.
Adelaide Fouque has two illegitimate children from her later romance with Macquart.
Macquart is a smuggler, poacher, and alcoholic.
Adelaide Fouque slides further into a state of mental illness and borderline senile dementia.
The next nineteen novels in the Rougon-Macquart cycle get their central protagonists from this premise.
The narrative follows both branches of the Rougon and Macquart families.
Pierre Rougon is the legitimate son of Adelaide Fouque.
Pierre Rougon attempts to disinherit his Macquart half-siblings.
Pierre Rougon marries Felicité Puech.
Felicité Puech is the daughter of a local merchant.
Pierre Rougon and Felicité Puech fail to establish the fortune, fame, and renown they seek.
Pierre Rougon and Felicité Puech have relatively comfortable lifestyles.
Pierre Rougon and Felicité Puech admit defeat as they approach old age.
Pierre Rougon and Felicité Puech settle into their lower middle-class destinies.
Eugène Rougon reports from Paris that he has interesting news for his parents.
Eugène Rougon has become one of the closest allies of the future Emperor Napoleon III.
Eugène Rougon informs his parents that a coup is imminent.
The Rougons make a series of bold moves to show their support for Napoleon III.
The Rougons win the admiration of influential people in Plassans.
Most influential people in Plassans are royalists.
Royalists are afraid of showing too much commitment for fear of backing the wrong horse.
The narrative switches to the Macquart side of the family.
The Macquarts struggle to survive in a grim working-class environment.
The Rougons' quest for greater wealth and influence is juxtaposed with the Macquarts' struggles.
Zola predestines the Macquarts to lives of toil and misery.
Zola's theories of heredity are a cornerstone of his philosophy.
Zola's theories of heredity are a major reason for his embarking on the Rougon-Macquart project.
Zola's theories of heredity are largely discredited nowadays.
Zola's theories of heredity are largely present but unseen in most novels of the Rougon-Macquart cycle.
The original story nature of La Fortune des Rougon places Zola's theories more to the fore.
Zola's theories can appear somewhat heavy-handed as a result.
A third branch of the family, the Mourets, is introduced.
The Mourets are descended from Macquart and Dide's daughter.
The novel's focus returns to the night of the coup.
Silvère Mouret falls madly in love with Miette Chantegreil.
Silvère Mouret and Miette Chantegreil decide to join up with the republicans to fight the coup.
The rest of the novel picks up from where the opening chapter left off.
The narrative tells the story of the old Rougon couple's machinations for fortune and respect.
The narrative juxtaposes the Rougons' story with Silvère and Miette's continuing love story.
The republican militia's attempt to take the town back is disastrous.
Silvère Mouret feels indifferent towards Miette Chantegreil.
The Rougons exploit their half-brother Antoine Macquart into helping crush the republican threat.
The Rougons achieve their life's ambition, fortune, and favour.
Silvère Mouret and Miette Chantegreil committed themselves to a doomed cause.
Silvère Mouret and Miette Chantegreil do not have a happy ending.
Zola leaves Silvère and Miette's half of the story at a bleak dead end.