Princess Petulant is a spoiled eight-year-old girl.
Princess Petulant cannot be pleased at any cost.
The King gathers his council together.
The King wants to find a toy for Princess Petulant that will surpass all others.
The Prime Minister volunteers his son Martin to find Princess Petulant a special toy.
Martin talks with Princess Petulant.
Martin promises to return in four weeks with an amazing toy.
Martin encounters Bobolink, the Purple Enchanter.
Bobolink knows everything.
Martin hopes that Bobolink will help him find his way to The Wonderful Toymaker.
Bobolink is annoyed about having to provide information about everything to everyone.
Bobolink is initially reluctant to assist Martin.
Martin's lack of flattery towards Bobolink serves as a refreshing change.
Bobolink soon becomes eager to help Martin.
Bobolink tells Martin that his next step is to reach the pine dwarfs.
Bobolink warns Martin to avoid conversation with the creatures.
If Martin engages in conversation with the creatures, he will be stuck in the country of conversation forever.
Martin almost makes it through the country of conversation without speaking.
Martin becomes distracted and engages in conversation with a fish.
Martin's error forces him to "become conversation." Martin is trapped with no way out.
Princess Petulant continues to wait patiently.
Princess Petulant eventually becomes very upset that Martin has not returned with her toy.
The council becomes worried.
The council contemplates where Martin could possibly be.
Princess Petulant is alone and sobbing.
A pine dwarf confronts Princess Petulant.
The pine dwarf promises to bring Princess Petulant to the waterfall.
The pine dwarf promises to show Princess Petulant the way to Martin.
Princess Petulant stuffs her ears with cotton.
Princess Petulant begins her journey.
Princess Petulant finally makes it to Martin without speaking a single word.
Martin and Princess Petulant are both able to escape.
Martin and Princess Petulant run as fast as they can to the toyshop.
The Toymaker is pleased to see Martin and Princess Petulant.
The Toymaker wishes that Martin and Princess Petulant stay and play with him forever.
Martin and Princess Petulant play with the best toys they have ever seen.
Martin and Princess Petulant finally satisfy Princess Petulant's desire for a new toy.
The King is Princess Petulant's uncle.
Martin and Princess Petulant tell the Toymaker that they are unable to stay.
The Toymaker is sad.
The Toymaker assists Martin and Princess Petulant in their journey home.
Upon their return, Martin and Princess Petulant tell the entire story to a Royal Historian.
The Royal Historian records the entire story in the very book in which this story is contained.