The book's protagonist is an English scientist and gentleman inventor.
The protagonist lives in Richmond, Surrey, in Victorian England.
The protagonist is identified by a narrator as the Time Traveller.
The narrator recounts the Time Traveller's lecture to his weekly dinner guests.
The Time Traveller claims that time is simply a fourth dimension.
The Time Traveller demonstrates a tabletop model machine for travelling through time.
The Time Traveller reveals that he has built a machine capable of carrying a person through time.
The Time Traveller returns at dinner the following week to recount a remarkable tale.
The Time Traveller becomes the new narrator in the new narrative.
The Time Traveller tests his device with a journey to A.D. 802,701.
The Time Traveller meets the Eloi in A.D. 802,701.
The Eloi are a society of small, elegant, childlike adults.
The Eloi live in small communities within large and futuristic buildings.
The buildings of the Eloi are slowly deteriorating.
The Eloi do no work.
The Eloi have a frugivorous diet.
The Time Traveller's efforts to communicate with the Eloi are hampered by their lack of curiosity.
The Time Traveller speculates that the Eloi are a peaceful society.
The Time Traveller speculates that the Eloi are a communist society.
The Time Traveller speculates that humanity has conquered nature with technology.
The Time Traveller speculates that humanity has evolved to adapt to an environment where strength and intellect are no longer advantageous to survival.
The Time Traveller is shocked to find his time machine missing.
The Time Traveller concludes that his time machine has been dragged by an unknown party.
The time machine has been dragged into a nearby structure with heavy doors.
The heavy doors of the nearby structure are locked from the inside.
The nearby structure resembles a Sphinx.
The Time Traveller had removed the machine's levers before leaving it.
The Morlocks are ape-like troglodytes.
The Morlocks live in darkness underground.
The Morlocks surface only at night.
The Time Traveller discovers machinery and industry within the Morlocks' dwellings.
The machinery and industry make the above-ground paradise possible.
The Time Traveller alters his theory about human evolution.
The leisured classes have become the ineffectual Eloi.
The downtrodden working classes have become the brutal light-fearing Morlocks.
The Time Traveller deduces that the Morlocks have taken his time machine.
The Time Traveller explores the Morlock tunnels.
The Morlocks feed on the Eloi due to a lack of any other means of sustenance.
The Time Traveller's revised analysis is that the relationship between the Eloi and Morlocks is one of livestock and ranchers.
The Time Traveller theorizes that intelligence is the result of and response to danger.
The Eloi have lost the spirit, intelligence, and physical fitness of humanity at its peak.
The Time Traveller saves an Eloi named Weena from drowning.
None of the other Eloi take notice of Weena's plight.
The Time Traveller and Weena develop an innocently affectionate relationship over several days.
The Time Traveller takes Weena on an expedition to a distant structure.
The distant structure turns out to be the remains of a museum.
The Time Traveller finds a fresh supply of matches in the museum.
The Time Traveller fashions a crude weapon against the Morlocks.
The Time Traveller must fight the Morlocks to get back his time machine.
The Time Traveller plans to take Weena back to his own time.
The journey back to Weena's home is too much for the Time Traveller and Weena.
The Time Traveller and Weena stop in the forest.
The Time Traveller and Weena are overcome by Morlocks in the night.
Weena faints when they are overcome by Morlocks.
The Time Traveller escapes when a small fire he left behind catches up to them as a forest fire.
Weena and the pursuing Morlocks are lost in the fire.
The Time Traveller is devastated over his loss of Weena.
The Morlocks open the Sphinx.
The Morlocks use the time machine as bait to capture the Time Traveller.
The Morlocks do not understand that the Time Traveller will use the time machine to escape.
The Time Traveller reattaches the levers before he travels further ahead in time.
The Time Traveller travels roughly 30 million years from his own time.
The Time Traveller sees some of the last living things on a dying Earth.
The last living things on a dying Earth include menacing reddish crab-like creatures.
The reddish crab-like creatures wander the blood-red beaches.
The reddish crab-like creatures chase enormous butterflies.
The world is covered in simple lichenous vegetation.
The Time Traveller continues to make short jumps through time.
The Time Traveller sees Earth's rotation gradually cease.
The Time Traveller sees the sun grow larger, redder, and dimmer.
The world falls silent and freezes as the last degenerate living things die out.
The Time Traveller is overwhelmed.
The Time Traveller goes back to the machine.
The Time Traveller returns to Victorian time.
The Time Traveller arrives at his laboratory just three hours after he originally left.
The Time Traveller interrupts dinner.
The Time Traveller relates his adventures to his disbelieving visitors.
The Time Traveller produces as evidence two strange white flowers.
The strange white flowers were put in the Time Traveller's pocket by Weena.
The original narrator returns to the Time Traveller's house the next day.
The original narrator finds the Time Traveller preparing for another journey.
The original narrator reveals that he promised to return in a short period of time.
The original narrator reveals that after 3 years of waiting, the Time Traveller returned after just a few days.