Christie's reputation as "The Queen of Crime" was built upon the large number of classic motifs that Agatha Christie introduced.
Agatha Christie provided the most famous example of classic motifs.
Agatha Christie built tropes into what is now considered classic mystery structure.
A murder is committed in Agatha Christie's mysteries.
There are multiple suspects in Agatha Christie's mysteries.
All suspects in Agatha Christie's mysteries are concealing secrets.
The detective gradually uncovers secrets over the course of the story.
The detective discovers the most shocking twists towards the end of the story.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries have included children.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries have included policemen.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries have included narrators.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries have included already deceased individuals.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries sometimes comprise no known suspects.
Culprits in Agatha Christie's mysteries sometimes comprise all of the suspects.
In "And Then There Were None," there are no known suspects.
In "Murder on the Orient Express," all of the suspects are culprits.
At the end of Agatha Christie's mysteries, the detective usually gathers the surviving suspects into one room.
The detective explains the course of his deductive reasoning at the end of Agatha Christie's mysteries.
The detective reveals the guilty party at the end of Agatha Christie's mysteries.
There are exceptions in which it is left to the guilty party to explain all.
In "And Then There Were None," the guilty party explains all.
In "Endless Night," the guilty party explains all.
Agatha Christie allows some culprits to escape earthly justice for a variety of reasons.
One reason culprits escape earthly justice is the passage of time.
Retrospective cases involve the most important characters having already died.
Active prescription is another reason culprits escape earthly justice.
"The Witness for the Prosecution" includes a case where a culprit escapes justice.
"Murder on the Orient Express" includes a case where a culprit escapes justice.
"The Man in the Brown Suit" includes a case where a culprit escapes justice.
"Elephants Can Remember" includes a case where a culprit escapes justice.
"The Unexpected Guest" includes a case where a culprit escapes justice.
There are instances in which a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
A killer sometimes dies as a direct result of his plot.
A killer sometimes dies by his own hand at the direction of the detective.
A killer sometimes dies with the collusion of the detective.
Hercule Poirot is usually the detective in Agatha Christie's mysteries.
In "The Murder of Roger Ackroyd," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "Death on the Nile," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "Dumb Witness," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "Crooked House," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "The Hollow," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "The Mirror Crack'd from Side to Side," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "Cat Among the Pigeons," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "Peril at End House," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "Nemesis," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "Appointment with Death," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "The Secret Adversary," a killer is not brought to justice in the legal sense.
In "Curtain," no fewer than three culprits die during the course of the story.
In "The A.B.C. Murders," the murderer has killed four innocent people.
In "The A.B.C. Murders," the murderer attempted to frame an unstable man for the crimes.
Hercule Poirot prevents the murderer from evading justice in "The A.B.C. Murders."
Hercule Poirot ensures a trial and hanging in "The A.B.C. Murders."
In "And Then There Were None," the killer's own death is intrinsic to the plot.
The red herring in "And Then There Were None" is when and how the killer actually died.
Stage, film, and television productions of some of Agatha Christie's mysteries were traditionally sanitized.
In sanitized productions, culprits do not evade some form of justice.
Censors are one reason for sanitizing productions of Agatha Christie's mysteries.
Plot clarity is another reason for sanitizing productions of Agatha Christie's mysteries.
Agatha Christie's own changing tastes are another reason for sanitizing productions of her mysteries.
When Agatha Christie adapted "Witness for the Prosecution" into a stage play, she lengthened the ending.
In the lengthened ending of "Witness for the Prosecution," the murderer was also killed.
The format of lengthening the ending was followed in film and television productions.
The Charles Laughton/Marlene Dietrich film followed the format of lengthening the ending.
In "Death Comes as the End," set in ancient Egypt, the culprit is killed in the act.
The culprit in "Death Comes as the End" is killed before he can claim another victim.
One of the few surviving characters kills the culprit in "Death Comes as the End."
In some stories, the question is resolved of whether formal justice will ever be delivered.
"Five Little Pigs" is a story in which the question of formal justice is resolved.
"Endless Night" is a story in which the question of formal justice is resolved.
According to P. D. James, Agatha Christie often made the unlikeliest character the guilty party.
Agatha Christie does not always make the unlikeliest character the guilty party.
Savvy readers could sometimes identify the culprit by identifying the least likely suspect.
In 2007, Brian Aldiss claimed that Agatha Christie told him she wrote her books up to the last chapter.
Agatha Christie decided who the most unlikely suspect was after writing up to the last chapter.
Agatha Christie would go back and make the necessary changes to "frame" the most unlikely suspect.
John Curran's "Agatha Christie: The Secret Notebooks" describes different working methods for every book in Agatha Christie's bibliography.
John Curran's description contradicts the claim by Brian Aldiss.