Conan forcefully demands passage aboard a sail barge named the Argus.
The Argus is casting off for southern waters.
The Argus is trading beads, silks, sugar, and brass-hilted swords to the black kings of Kush.
The captain of the barge objects to Conan's demand to travel without paying for the passage.
Conan threatens the captain and the crew with his drawn sword.
The captain eventually agrees to let Conan stay on board.
The captain believes it would be useful to have a fighting man on the voyage.
Conan and the captain, named Tito, become quite friendly.
The captain is informed that Conan is fleeing the civil authorities of Argos.
Conan is fleeing due to a court dispute.
Conan refused to betray the whereabouts of a casual friend to a fascistic magistrate.
Conan drew his sword and killed the magistrate.
Conan had to swiftly flee after killing the magistrate.
At this moment, Conan is a complete land-lubber.
Conan has no previous experience or knowledge of the sea.
The trade ship is attacked by infamous reavers led by Bêlit.
Bêlit is the Queen of the Black Coast.
Bêlit and her ebony-skinned warriors slaughter the crew of the Argus.
The crew of the Argus are no match for Bêlit's pirates.
Conan tries to rally the crew after Tito is killed.
The fight becomes clearly hopeless for Conan and the crew.
Conan manages to jump aboard the pirate ship.
Conan sells his life dearly during the fight.
Conan kills many of the pirates.
Conan fully expects to be overwhelmed and killed.
Bêlit orders her crew to step back and spare Conan.
Bêlit is impressed with Conan's courage and ferocity.
Bêlit is sexually attracted to Conan.
Bêlit offers Conan the chance to sail with her.
Bêlit offers Conan the chance to be her chosen mate.
Bêlit offers Conan the chance to help lead her fierce warriors.
Conan is oddly smitten by Bêlit.
Conan agrees to sail with Bêlit.
Bêlit and Conan raid the Black Coast together.
Bêlit and Conan brutally pillage coastal towns.
Bêlit and Conan instill fear into the superstitious natives.
Hyborian legends begin that Bêlit has found a mate.
Conan is described as an iron man whose wrath is that of a wounded lion.
Survivors of butchered Stygian ships curse the name of Bêlit.
Survivors of butchered Stygian ships curse the name of Conan.
Bêlit and Conan sail up a nameless river.
Bêlit and Conan encounter ancient ruins.
Bêlit and Conan find a lost treasure in the ancient ruins.
Bêlit and Conan find a winged monstrosity in the ancient ruins.
Bêlit and Conan find skulking hyenas that were once men in the ancient ruins.
Bêlit and Conan experience bizarre murders of their crew.
Bêlit and Conan encounter various horrors lurking in the jungle.
Bêlit and Conan find time for a thorough theological discussion.
Bêlit and Conan compare Conan's grim god Crom with Bêlit's more ambiguous Semite deities.
Bêlit and Conan discuss their theological comparison in between continuing their sexual romance.
Howard alludes to Bêlit and Conan's sexual romance having sadomasochistic undertones.
Bêlit promises that even death could not keep her from Conan's side.
Bêlit must keep her promise far sooner than she expects.
Bêlit is captivated by a cursed jeweled necklace found among the lost treasure.
The cursed jeweled necklace seemingly instills the wearer with a mix of madness and monomania.
Bêlit issues faulty orders due to her twisted mental state.
Bêlit's crew is soon decimated due to constant bizarre dangers and her own madness.
Bêlit is hanged by the winged monster.
Conan is driven to rage and is now alone.
Conan confronts Bêlit's supernatural murderer.
Conan is on the verge of being slain by the supernatural murderer.
The spirit of Bêlit intervenes when Conan is on the verge of being slain.
Conan slays the winged horror.
Conan leaves the ruins in Bêlit's ship with her corpse.
Conan gives Bêlit a Viking funeral.
Conan sets on fire the ship with Bêlit surrounded by all her treasures.
Conan celebrates his newfound freedom.