Dr. Watson is called to tend Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock Holmes is apparently dying of a rare disease.
Sherlock Holmes contracted the rare disease while he was on a case.
Dr. Watson was shocked.
Dr. Watson heard about Sherlock Holmes's illness.
Mrs. Hudson says that Sherlock Holmes has neither eaten anything in three days.
Mrs. Hudson says that Sherlock Holmes has neither drunk anything in three days.
Sherlock Holmes instructs Dr. Watson not to come near him.
The illness is highly infectious.
Dr. Watson wishes to examine Sherlock Holmes himself.
Dr. Watson wishes to send for a specialist.
Sherlock Holmes demands that Dr. Watson wait several hours before seeking help.
Dr. Watson is forced to wait.
Dr. Watson is in extreme worry.
Sherlock Holmes mutters nonsense.
Dr. Watson examines several objects in Sherlock Holmes's room.
Sherlock Holmes grows angry when Dr. Watson touches items.
Sherlock Holmes explains that he does not like his things touched.
At six o'clock, Sherlock Holmes tells Dr. Watson to turn the gaslight on.
Sherlock Holmes instructs Dr. Watson to turn the gaslight on only half-full.
Sherlock Holmes instructs Dr. Watson to bring Mr. Culverton Smith to see him.
Dr. Watson must make sure that he returns to Baker Street before Mr. Culverton Smith arrives.
Dr. Watson goes to Mr. Culverton Smith's address.
Mr. Culverton Smith refuses to see anyone.
Dr. Watson forces his way in.
Dr. Watson explains his errand on behalf of Sherlock Holmes.
Mr. Culverton Smith's attitude changes drastically.
Mr. Culverton Smith agrees to come to Baker Street within a half hour.
Dr. Watson excuses himself.
Dr. Watson says that he has another appointment.
Dr. Watson returns to Baker Street before Mr. Culverton Smith's arrival.
Mr. Culverton Smith believes that he and Sherlock Holmes are alone.
Mr. Culverton Smith is frank with Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock Holmes has been sickened by the same illness that killed Mr. Culverton Smith's nephew Victor.
Mr. Culverton Smith sees the little ivory box.
Mr. Culverton Smith sent the little ivory box to Sherlock Holmes by post.
The little ivory box contains a sharp spring infected with the illness.
Mr. Culverton Smith pockets the little ivory box.
Mr. Culverton Smith removes the evidence of his crime.
Mr. Culverton Smith resolves to stay there and watch Sherlock Holmes die.
Sherlock Holmes asks Mr. Culverton Smith to turn the gas up full.
Mr. Culverton Smith turns the gas up full.
Mr. Culverton Smith asks Sherlock Holmes if he would like anything else.
Sherlock Holmes replies that he would like a match and a cigarette.
Inspector Morton enters.
The full gaslight was the signal for Inspector Morton to move in.
Sherlock Holmes tells Inspector Morton to arrest Mr. Culverton Smith for the murder of his nephew.
Sherlock Holmes tells Inspector Morton to arrest Mr. Culverton Smith for the attempted murder of Sherlock Holmes.
Mr. Culverton Smith points out that his word is as good as Sherlock Holmes's in court.
Sherlock Holmes calls for Dr. Watson to emerge from behind the screen.
Dr. Watson presents himself as another witness to the conversation.
Sherlock Holmes was never really dying.
Sherlock Holmes's feigned illness was a ruse.
Sherlock Holmes's ruse was to induce Mr. Culverton Smith to confess to his nephew’s murder.
Sherlock Holmes was not infected by the little box.
Sherlock Holmes has enough enemies to know that he must always examine his mail carefully before he opens it.
Sherlock Holmes has eaten normally for three days.
The claim of the illness's infectious nature was to keep Dr. Watson from examining Sherlock Holmes.
The claim of the illness's infectious nature was to keep Dr. Watson from discovering the ruse.