The narrative begins with the auction by the US Government of fictional Spencer Island.
Spencer Island is located 460 miles off the California coast.
Spencer Island is located at coordinates 32°15′N 145°18′W.
Spencer Island is uninhabited.
There are only two bidders for Spencer Island.
William W. Kolderup is a very wealthy San Franciscan.
J. R. Taskinar is a resident of Stockton, California.
William W. Kolderup wins the auction for Spencer Island.
William W. Kolderup buys Spencer Island for four million dollars.
William W. Kolderup is Godfrey's father.
J. R. Taskinar mutters, "I will be avenged!"
Godfrey is an idle twenty-two-year-old.
Godfrey lives with William W. Kolderup.
Godfrey lives with Kolderup's adopted goddaughter, Phina.
Godfrey has grown to love Phina.
Godfrey asks to undertake a world tour before marrying Phina.
William W. Kolderup accedes to Godfrey's desire.
William W. Kolderup sends Godfrey on a sea voyage around the world.
Godfrey travels on board one of Kolderup's steamships, the Dream.
Captain Turcott commands the Dream.
Godfrey is accompanied by his mentor, teacher, and dance instructor, Professor T. Artelett.
Professor T. Artelett is also known as "Tartlet."
Godfrey is awakened one foggy night.
Godfrey is told to abandon ship.
The Dream is foundering.
Godfrey jumps into the sea.
Godfrey is washed ashore on a deserted island.
Tartlet has also been marooned on the deserted island.
Godfrey has scant help from Tartlet.
Godfrey will have to learn to survive on the deserted island.
Godfrey will have to organize his life on the deserted island.
Godfrey will have to face hostile intruders on the deserted island.
Godfrey will have to overcome other obstacles on the deserted island.
Carefinotu is joined by Godfrey and Tartlet on the deserted island.
Godfrey rescues Carefinotu from Polynesians visiting the island.
By the end of the story, Godfrey has discovered the value of independent effort.
Godfrey gains poise and courage by the end of the story.
The marooned group is rescued.
The marooned group is returned to San Francisco.
Godfrey is reunited with Phina in San Francisco.
Godfrey and Phina agree to marry before continuing the world tour.
Godfrey and Phina will continue the world tour together.