The FBI charged a Philadelphia woman named Keonna Thomas on Thursday with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS.
Keonna Thomas is one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
Two New York women named Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui were also taken into custody.
An FBI complaint cites numerous social media messages dating back to August 2013 that were sent by Keonna Thomas.
Keonna Thomas is 30 years old.
Keonna Thomas is also known as "Young Lioness" and "Fatayat Al Khilafah."
One Twitter message sent by Keonna Thomas said, "If we truly knew the realities ... we all would be rushing to join our brothers in the front lines pray ALLAH accept us as shuhada [martyrs]."
Another Twitter message sent by Keonna Thomas said, "When you're a mujahid [violent jihadi fighter] your death becomes a wedding."
The FBI said Keonna Thomas purchased an electronic visa to Turkey on March 23.
Turkey is known as the easiest place from which to enter Syria and join ISIS.
An ISIS manual advises recruits to buy round-trip tickets to vacation spots such as Spain.
The ISIS manual advises recruits to purchase tickets for their real destination once they arrive overseas.
On March 26, Keonna Thomas purchased a ticket to Barcelona.
The ticket purchased by Keonna Thomas had a March 29 departure.
The ticket purchased by Keonna Thomas had an April 15 return to the United States.
It is not clear when or where Keonna Thomas was arrested.
Keonna Thomas was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization.
Keonna Thomas could be sentenced to 15 years in prison.
The FBI did not charge a Philadelphia woman on Thursday.
Noelle Velentzas is 28 years old.
Asia Siddiqui is 31 years old.
Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui were arrested in New York.
Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui are accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the United States.
In the past 18 months, the Justice Department's National Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups.
Of those cases, 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS.
The terrorist threat is more decentralized.
The terrorist threat is more diffuse.
The terrorist threat is more complicated.
The terrorist threat involves the potential lone wolf actor.
The terrorist threat involves the effective use of social media.
The terrorist threat involves the Internet.