Adelma Cifuentes felt worthless, frightened, and alone for 12 years.
Adelma Cifuentes never knew when her loving and supportive husband would comfort her.
Adelma Cifuentes was a young mother in rural Guatemala.
Adelma Cifuentes has three children.
Adelma Cifuentes has barely a third-grade education.
Adelma Cifuentes thought there was no way out of her situation.
Psychological torment, name-calling, and humiliation began for Adelma Cifuentes.
The psychological torment, name-calling, and humiliation turned into beatings for Adelma Cifuentes.
Adelma Cifuentes feared for her life due to severe beatings.
Two men sent by Adelma Cifuentes' husband showed up at her house.
The two men were armed with a shotgun.
The two men had orders to kill Adelma Cifuentes.
The two men probably would have succeeded in killing Adelma Cifuentes.
After the first bullet was fired, Adelma Cifuentes' two sons dragged her inside.
It took neighbors two hours to call for help for Adelma Cifuentes.
Adelma Cifuentes lost her arm due to the delay in calling for help.
Adelma Cifuentes' husband continued his attacks after she returned home.
Adelma Cifuentes' husband threatened to rape their little girl unless Adelma Cifuentes left.
The nightmare for Adelma Cifuentes finally ended when she left her husband.
Adelma Cifuentes' search for justice began after she left her husband.
Nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed in Guatemala.
A 2012 Small Arms Survey states that gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala.
Guatemala ranks third in the killings of women worldwide.
According to the United Nations, two women are killed in Guatemala every day.
The legacy of violence from Guatemala's 36-year civil war is a reason for gender-based violence.
Atrocities were committed against women during the civil war in Guatemala.
Women were used as a weapon of war during the civil war in Guatemala.
A ceasefire agreement was reached in 1996 between insurgents and the government in Guatemala.
A climate of terror remains in Guatemala due to a deeply entrenched culture of impunity and discrimination.
Military and paramilitary groups that committed acts during the war were integrated back into society without repercussions.
Many military and paramilitary group members remain in power in Guatemala.
Many military and paramilitary group members have not changed the way they view women.
Some 200,000 people were either killed or disappeared during the decades-long conflict in Guatemala.
Most of the people killed or disappeared during the conflict were from indigenous Mayan populations.
Levels of violent crime are higher in Guatemala than they were during the war.
The United Nations estimates that 98% of homicide cases in Guatemala never make it to court.
Women are particularly vulnerable in Guatemala due to deep-rooted gender bias and a culture of misogyny.
Femicide is the killing of a woman simply because of her gender.
Femicide is carried out with shocking brutality in many cases in Guatemala.
Some strategies used during the war, including rape, torture, and mutilation, are used in femicides.
Mexican drug cartels contribute to the cycle of violence in Guatemala.
Organized criminal groups contribute to the cycle of violence in Guatemala.
Local gangs contribute to the cycle of violence in Guatemala.
Authorities investigating drug-related killings in Guatemala are stretched thin.
Fewer resources are available to investigate femicides in Guatemala.
Many crimes in Guatemala are not reported due to fear of retaliation.
Many people consider the Guatemalan National Civil Police corrupt.
Many people consider the Guatemalan National Civil Police under-resourced.
Many people consider the Guatemalan National Civil Police ineffective.
The country's weak judicial system has proved incapable of handling the explosion in violence.
One of the biggest challenges facing women in Guatemala is the country's deeply rooted patriarchal society.
According to María Machicado Terán, 80% of men believe that women need permission to leave the house.
According to María Machicado Terán, 70% of women surveyed agreed that women need permission to leave the house.
The prevailing culture of machismo leads to high rates of violence against women in Guatemala.
Rights groups say machismo condones violence against women.
Rights groups say machismo places the blame on the victim.
The political will to address violence against women in Guatemala is slow to materialize.
Politicians in Guatemala do not think women are important.
Political parties in Guatemala use women for elections.
Political parties in Guatemala give women a bag of food during elections.
People sell their dignity for food because they are poor in Guatemala.
Lack of education is a major contributor to poverty in Guatemala.
Many girls in indigenous communities do not go to school in Guatemala.
The distance from their house to the classroom is too far for many girls in indigenous communities.
Many girls in Guatemala are subject to rape.
Many girls in Guatemala are subject to violence.
Many girls in Guatemala are subject to forced participation in the drug trade.
The situation for girls and women in Guatemala is alarming.
There are signs that the culture of discrimination in Guatemala may be slowly changing.
Adelma Cifuentes was able to escape her husband with the help of an organization known as CICAM.
Adelma Cifuentes received justice after escaping her husband.
Adelma Cifuentes' husband is now spending 27 years behind bars.
Adelma Cifuentes is using her painful past to provide hope and healing to others through art.
Since 2008, Adelma Cifuentes and four other abuse survivors have been appearing in a play.
The play is based on the real-life stories of Adelma Cifuentes and the four other abuse survivors.
The show empowers other women.
The show discusses the problem of violence openly.
The show offers suggestions for change.
The show is having an impact.
Women have started breaking their silence in Guatemala.
Women have started asking where they can get support in Guatemala.
Men are reacting to the show in Guatemala.
During one presentation, a man stood up and started crying.
The man realized how he had treated his wife.
The man realized how his mother had been treated.
The man said he wanted to be different.
The taboo topic of gender-based violence is being acknowledged in Guatemala.
The topic of gender-based violence is being recognized in a popular program targeting indigenous Mayan girls.
In 2004, the Population Council launched a community-based club known as Abriendo Oportunidades.
The goal of Abriendo Oportunidades is to provide girls with a safe place to learn about their rights.
The goal of Abriendo Oportunidades is to help girls reach their full potential.
Senior Program Coordinator Alejandra Colom says the issue of violence is discussed in Abriendo Oportunidades.
Girls in Abriendo Oportunidades are taught how to protect themselves.
Girls in Abriendo Oportunidades share information with their mothers.
Mothers of girls in Abriendo Oportunidades realize they are entitled to certain rights.
Mothers of girls in Abriendo Oportunidades become invested in sending their daughters to the clubs.
Sending daughters to the clubs keeps them more visible.
Keeping daughters more visible makes them less prone to violence.
The Guatemalan government is moving in the right direction to address violence against women.
In 2008, the Guatemalan Congress passed a law against femicide.
In 2010, the attorney general's office created a specialized court to try femicides.
In 2010, the attorney general's office created a specialized court to try other violent crimes against women.
In 2012, the Guatemalan government established a joint task force for crimes against women.
The joint task force makes it easier for women to access justice.
The joint task force ensures victims receive the assistance they need.
The Guatemalan government has established a special 24-hour court to attend to femicide cases.
The International Violence Against Women Act was introduced in the U.S. Congress in 2007.
The International Violence Against Women Act has been pending since 2007.
The International Violence Against Women Act was reintroduced in both the House and Senate last week.
If approved, the International Violence Against Women Act would make reducing levels of gender-based violence a U.S. foreign policy priority.
International nongovernmental organizations are on the front lines of the fight against gender-based discrimination in Guatemala.
Ben Weingrod is a senior policy advocate at the global poverty fighting group CARE.
CARE works to identify and challenge harmful social norms that perpetuate violence.
CARE engages men and boys as champions of change and role models.
CARE facilitates debates to change harmful norms.
CARE creates space for more equitable relationships between men and women.
The job of addressing gender-based violence in Guatemala is far from over.
There is tempered optimism and hope for change in Guatemala.
The problem of gender-based violence in Guatemala needs international attention.
The problem of gender-based violence in Guatemala needs immediate action.
Adelma Cifuentes is finding strength through the theater.
Adelma Cifuentes is finding support from other abuse survivors.
Adelma Cifuentes' support has allowed her to move forward.
Millions of other women in Guatemala are trapped in a cycle of violence.
Millions of other women in Guatemala are facing dangerous and frightening futures.
For millions of other women in Guatemala, it is a race against time.
Help cannot come soon enough for millions of other women in Guatemala.