Charleston, South Carolina police officers accompanied the hearse carrying the body of Walter Scott to his South Carolina funeral service.
Walter Scott's funeral service was attended by hundreds of mourners.
The mourners celebrated Walter Scott's life and death as a catalyst for change in America.
A pair of police officers on motorcycles were part of the large procession.
Walter Scott was the father of four children.
Walter Scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer.
The funeral service was open to the public.
An overflow crowd gathered at W.O.R.D. Ministries Christian Center in Summerville.
W.O.R.D. Ministries Christian Center has a capacity of about 300 people.
The flag-draped casket of Walter Scott was wheeled inside the church.
Walter Scott's relatives and friends followed the casket into the church.
Some mourners dabbed tears.
Some mourners embraced each other.
Hundreds of people, including local officials, assembled inside the packed sanctuary.
Some mourners stood in corridors.
Some mourners stood under an awning at the entrance.
Silence filled the vast space during the service.
Walter Scott's daughter Samantha read a poem of love dedicated to her father.
Anthony Scott said God had selected Walter Scott as a candidate for change in America.
Anthony Scott stated that "the change will come."
Anthony Scott brought the crowd to its feet.
George Hamilton spoke of how Walter Scott had brought members of his family to the church.
George Hamilton spoke of the agony of losing a family member and watching it happen on video.
The death of Walter Scott at the hands of a white police officer was motivated by racial prejudice, according to George Hamilton.
George Hamilton described Walter Scott's death as an act of overt racism.
George Hamilton stated that hate came because Walter Scott was an African-American.
George Hamilton said his remarks were not meant as an indictment of law enforcement.
George Hamilton singled out the officer who killed Walter Scott as a disgrace to the North Charleston Police Department.
George Hamilton stated that there is going to be change.
George Hamilton stated that Walter Scott's death will not be in vain.
After the service, pallbearers gently lifted Walter Scott's casket into the hearse.
Crowds poured from the church after the service.
A slow-moving procession of black cars made its way to Live Oak Memorial Gardens in Charleston.
The burial of Walter Scott was private.
Chris Stewart, an attorney for the Scott family, said Walter Scott's death represented more than a race issue.
Chris Stewart stated that Walter Scott's death is a human issue.
Chris Stewart mentioned receiving emails from people in Arkansas supporting the Scott family.
Chris Stewart quoted a supporter as saying, "I'm a white male, and I'm supporting this family."
Walter Scott's son is going to be remembered for changing the way people look at each other, according to Chris Stewart.
Walter Scott's open casket was draped with an American flag during his private visitation in Charleston.
Walter Scott was dressed in a dark suit for his private visitation.
A Dallas Cowboys banner was placed outside Walter Scott's casket.
A figurine of a Cowboys player stood at Walter Scott's side during the visitation.
Walter Scott's family was missing during the visitation.
Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley stated that Walter Scott's family needed privacy.
Walter Scott was killed in North Charleston after getting pulled over for a broken taillight.
A passer-by caught the shooting of Walter Scott on cell phone video.
Officer Michael Slager was charged with murder after the shooting.
Officer Michael Slager was fired after the shooting.
Officer Michael Slager faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted.
The video shows Walter Scott running from Officer Michael Slager.
Officer Michael Slager fired eight shots at Walter Scott.
Walter Scott was struck five times by gunfire.
Walter Scott fell to the ground after being shot.
National Urban League President Marc Morial stated that nothing in the video demonstrates that Officer Michael Slager's life or the life of another was threatened.
Marc Morial questioned whether the use of force was excessive.
One witness spoke of a struggle before the shooting.
At least one expert believes a murder charge against Officer Michael Slager may not hold up.
Gwen Nichols told CNN's Brian Todd that she saw Walter Scott and Officer Michael Slager scuffling at the entrance to a vacant lot.
Gwen Nichols described the scuffle as a tussle type of thing.
Gwen Nichols did not hear Officer Michael Slager saying "Stop!"
Gwen Nichols' account has similarities to Officer Michael Slager's account.
Officer Michael Slager told investigators that he tussled with Walter Scott over his Taser.
Officer Michael Slager claimed that he feared for his safety during the encounter.
Criminal defense attorney Paul Callan believes Officer Michael Slager's defense will emphasize the reported scuffle.
Paul Callan stated that the defense will argue that the shooting was a heat of passion shooting.
Paul Callan stated that the shooting was something Officer Michael Slager did suddenly after an altercation.
Paul Callan stated that this would constitute manslaughter under law, as opposed to murder.
A murder conviction in South Carolina requires a measure of premeditation.
The account from the witness who recorded the cell phone video, Feidin Santana, paints a different picture.
Feidin Santana was walking to work when he saw Officer Michael Slager on top of Walter Scott.
Feidin Santana stated that he could hear the sound of a Taser in use.
Feidin Santana did not see Walter Scott go after the Taser.
Feidin Santana believes Walter Scott was trying to get away.
Feidin Santana stated that Walter Scott never tried to fight.
The struggle and the use of a Taser were not captured on video.
Feidin Santana started recording shortly after the struggle.
Investigators from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division found troubling inconsistencies from the very start.
Mark Keel, the division Chief, stated that they believed early on that something was not right about the encounter.
The cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed the initial suspicions of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division.
Officer Michael Slager's lawyer, Andy Savage, complained that he has not received cooperation from law enforcement.
Andy Savage stated that he has not received the same cooperation from law enforcement that the media has received.
Andy Savage's office stated that it has yet to receive any investigative documents, audio, or video tapes.
Andy Savage's office received a copy of Officer Michael Slager's arrest warrant.
The police union that Officer Michael Slager belongs to is no longer involved in the case, according to a news release.
Charleston County Sheriff Al Cannon stated that Officer Michael Slager's wife, Jamie, who is eight months pregnant, visited him at the county detention center.
Officer Michael Slager was being held in isolation.
Officer Michael Slager was being monitored for his mental health.
One of Officer Michael Slager's lawyers stated that the visit with his wife and mother lasted about an hour.
Officer Michael Slager's wife and mother were tearful but strong during the visit.
Officer Michael Slager's family was very grateful for the chance to see him in person.
Officer Michael Slager's family was separated from him by a thick pane of glass during the visit.
Officer Michael Slager's family held up family photos during the visit.
Officer Michael Slager's family held up Jamie's ultrasound from earlier that day during the visit.
Officer Michael Slager was focused on Jamie and their baby during the visit.
Officer Michael Slager was relieved to know that Jamie is being shown love and support by their families.
A second video, taken from a police dash cam, emerged from the day Walter Scott died.
The second video shows moments before the shooting when things seemed to be going smoothly between Walter Scott and Officer Michael Slager.
Walter Scott apparently told Officer Michael Slager that he had no insurance on the vehicle.
Officer Michael Slager returned to his car to do paperwork after Walter Scott's statement.
Walter Scott got out of the car and ran out of the camera's frame.
Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant over $18,104.43 in unpaid child support at the time of the stop.
Walter Scott ran because he was the subject of a bench warrant, according to lawyers for the family.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn, D-South Carolina, told reporters that Walter Scott lost a $35,000-a-year job the first time he was jailed for failing to pay child support.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn stated that Walter Scott said it was the best job he ever had.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn stated that if child support is to be collected, there must be income.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn stated that one cannot make much income from jail.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn stated that there needs to be a look at how to deal with the issue of child support without causing unemployment and loss of freedom.
On Friday afternoon, police met with a man who was in Walter Scott's car.
The passenger's name was not in a police report obtained by CNN.
The passenger was detained briefly after the shooting, according to one officer's report.
Walter Scott's family attorney Chris Stewart stated that the passenger was a co-worker and friend of Walter Scott.
Chris Stewart did not identify the passenger by name.
On Friday, a few mourners trickled into the Fielding Home for Funerals.
A white banner with a blue star near Walter Scott's casket displayed his favorite NFL team.
The banner stated: "Tradition, the Cowboys way."
Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley stated that the incident is a minor incident for the community.
Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley stated that the incident breaks everyone's hearts.