The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died on Thursday.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was 88 years old.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013.
Donna Schuller is the daughter-in-law of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller.
Donna Schuller stated that her father-in-law passed away peacefully early on Thursday morning.
Donna Schuller described the Rev. Robert H. Schuller as a great Dad and a great man of God.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller's life followed an almost Shakespearean arc.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was born in an Iowa farmhouse without running water.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller longed to preach from his earliest days.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller described standing alone by a river in his autobiography.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller pictured himself delivering sermons to a rapt congregation.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller attended Hope College.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller attended Western Theological Seminary in Michigan.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller met his wife, Arvella, while preaching at her church.
Arvella was the organist at the church where the Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller and Arvella were married for more than 60 years.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller and his family caravanned west to California.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller rented a drive-in theater in California.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached from the roof of the snack bar at the drive-in theater.
Some local pastors believed that preaching from a drive-in theater was beneath the dignity of Christian ministry.
Some local pastors believed that the "passion pits" where teenagers necked was no place for the gospel.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was undeterred by local pastors' criticisms.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller quickly outgrew the drive-in theater.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller called the explosive growth of his tiny congregation a "miracle."
Many mainstream critics had other names for the explosive growth of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's congregation.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller's version of Christianity was confident and breezy.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller's version of Christianity drew hordes of seekers and lapsed Christians.
Many seekers and lapsed Christians were put off by the hellfire fulminations of many post-War American preachers.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller sold a softer, gentler message.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller acknowledged that his message borrowed heavily from Norman Vincent Peale.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached not to convert or condemn people.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached to encourage people.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller called his sentiment "possibility thinking."
Timothy Larsen is a professor of Christian thought at Wheaton College in Illinois.
Timothy Larsen stated that evangelicalism at its best wants to be innovative and reach people.
Timothy Larsen stated that the Rev. Robert H. Schuller was a master at being innovative and reaching people.
Timothy Larsen stated that the gospel is good news.
Timothy Larsen stated that the Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached an uplifting message about personal transformation and uplift and hope.
Some of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's favored phrases struck others as cornpone Christianity.
Randall Balmer is a professor of American religious history at Dartmouth College.
Randall Balmer cited one of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's phrases, "Turn your hurt into a halo."
Randall Balmer described the phrase "Turn your hurt into a halo" as pretty weak tea.
Randall Balmer gave the Rev. Robert H. Schuller some credit.
Randall Balmer stated that the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's message may be bad theology.
Randall Balmer stated that the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's message is brilliant marketing.
In 1970, the Rev. Robert H. Schuller began broadcasting "Hour of Power."
"Hour of Power" is believed to be one of the first Sunday services shown regularly on television.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller looked and talked like a guy who wanted nothing more than to see his flock succeed.
The show "Hour of Power" ran for decades.
The show "Hour of Power" reached millions of viewers.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller became a televangelist before the term became tarnished by the sins of his many successors.
The Crystal Cathedral still stands in Orange County, California.
The Crystal Cathedral is now owned by the Roman Catholic Church.
The Crystal Cathedral is a great gleaming edifice with 10,000 glass panels.
The Crystal Cathedral gave worshipers a look at the clouds that house the heavens.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached in the pulpit below the clouds at the Crystal Cathedral.
The message was clear to many that the road to the former ran through the latter.
During the 1980s and 1990s, the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's star continued to rise.
Presidents stopped by the Crystal Cathedral during campaigns.
Future megachurch pastors like Rick Warren and Bill Hybels sought the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's advice.
As the Rev. Robert H. Schuller aged, his family was beset by a succession scandal.
The succession scandal was straight from the pages of "King Lear."
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller tried to install his only son, Bobby Schuller Jr., as pastor of Crystal Cathedral.
The preaching styles of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller and Bobby Schuller Jr. were too different for the congregation to countenance.
Bobby Schuller Jr. left "Hour of Power."
Bobby Schuller Jr. left the pulpit at Crystal Cathedral after a short time.
The family of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller searched for a new successor.
The family of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller tussled over finances.
Viewers and donations to the church and its television show dropped precipitously.
Crystal Cathedral Ministries filed for bankruptcy in 2010.
Crystal Cathedral Ministries cited debts of more than $43 million.
The Associated Press reported that Crystal Cathedral Ministries filed for bankruptcy.
The Rev. Robert H. Schuller's empire had fallen to dust.
Schuller's grandson, also named Bobby, took over "Hour of Power."
Bobby Schuller took over "Hour of Power" at a different church.
Bobby Schuller recalled standing atop Crystal Cathedral's 12-story Tower of Hope with his grandfather.
Bobby Schuller stated that he could see the whole world from the Tower of Hope.
Stella Chan reported from Los Angeles for CNN.