The world's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is a particle accelerator.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is the largest machine in the world.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
Problems delayed the restart of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in March.
Scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) completed final tests.
The completion of final tests enabled the first beams to start circulating inside the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) has a 17 mile (27 km) ring.
CERN Director-General Rolf Heuer stated that operating accelerators is for the benefit of the physics community.
CERN's heart beats to the rhythm of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) generates up to 600 million particles per second.
A beam in the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) circulates for 10 hours.
A beam in the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) travels more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
The distance from Earth to Neptune and back again is more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
A proton in the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) makes 11,245 circuits per second at near light-speed.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) generates only 100 particles per second.
Thousands of scientists, engineers, and technicians took decades to devise and build the particle accelerator.
The particle accelerator is housed in a tunnel between Lake Geneva and the Jura mountain range.
The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang."
The scientific theory explains the creation of the universe.
Scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved by replicating the energy density and temperature.
Current knowledge is based on The Standard Model of particle physics.
The Standard Model of particle physics is not complete.
Dr. Mike Lamont is the operations group leader at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).
The burning questions that remain include the origin of mass.
The burning questions that remain include why some particles are very heavy.
The burning questions that remain include why some particles have no mass at all.
The burning questions that remain include a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity.
The burning questions that remain include uncovering dark matter and dark energy.
Visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) could question the idea that the universe is only made of matter.
Antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the Big Bang according to the theory.
CERN states that the energies achievable by the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) have only ever been found in nature.
The machine alone costs approximately three billion euros (about $3.3 billion).
The cost of the machine is paid for by member countries of CERN.
The cost of the machine is paid for by contributions from non-member nations.
CERN asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by Swiss laws.
CERN asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by French laws.
CERN asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with a European Council Directive.
Scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting with bated breath as the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) ventures into the great unknown.
CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology, Frédérick Bordry, stated that the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is in great shape.
CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology, Frédérick Bordry, stated that the most important step is to increase the energy of the beams to new record levels.
Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report.