Police in the Indian city of Malegaon require identity cards for cattle.
Cattle are an unusual group of residents in Malegaon.
Authorities in Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle.
Residents have to submit the 'mugshot' of their cattle to the police.
Residents have to provide information about their cattle's unique features.
The unique features of cattle include coloring and age.
The unique features of cattle include the length of the tail.
The unique features of cattle include other distinctive characteristics.
Police officials believe that requiring identity cards is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases.
Police officials believe that requiring identity cards is the only way to enforce the law.
Cows are considered holy by the majority Hindu population in Maharashtra.
Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population in Maharashtra.
Mahesh Sawai is the Deputy Superintendent of Malegaon Police.
Mahesh Sawai told CNN that a database is being created.
If police receive information about a cow slaughter, they can quickly go to the resident's place.
Police can check whether the cow is at the resident's place or not.
Mahesh Sawai believes that the identity card system will be very effective.
Over 100 cattle owners have complied with the police order.
More cattle owners are lining up outside police stations in Malegaon.
Cattle owners are getting their livestock photographed.
The ruling on identity cards came after a recent case of cow slaughter in Malegaon.
Two men have been charged with killing a cow in Malegaon.
Two men have been charged with selling the meat of the killed cow.
The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill includes bans on the killing of bulls.
The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill includes bans on the killing of bullocks.
The killing of bulls and bullocks is a non-bailable offense in Maharashtra.
Haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 5 years in prison for cow slaughter.
The consumption of beef could land a person in prison for five years.
The sale of beef could land a person in prison for five years.
The slaughter of buffaloes is still permissible in India.
Beef traders in India strongly reacted to the decision regarding cow slaughter.
Beef traders in India called a month-long strike.
The month-long strike by beef traders ended on Wednesday.
Beef traders refused to slaughter buffaloes during the strike.
Beef traders vowed to file a case in the state's high court.
Red meat lovers argue that the government does not have a right to interfere in personal preferences.
Maharashtra is not the only Indian state to tighten laws on cow slaughter.
Haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 10 years in prison for cow slaughter.
The maximum punishment of 10 years in prison is the toughest penalty in India.
Rajnath Singh is India's Home Minister.
Rajnath Singh has promised to devise a country-wide law against cow slaughter.