Hong Kong police answered a call in the early hours of a Saturday morning last November.
Hong Kong police encountered a grisly scene.
Hong Kong police encountered an alleged crime that shocked the city.
One woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck.
One woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her buttocks.
Another woman was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony.
Rurik Jutting is a former banker.
Rurik Jutting is 29 years old.
Rurik Jutting is a Briton.
Rurik Jutting was charged with two counts of murder.
A court hearing was scheduled to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial.
The court hearing was adjourned until May.
Rurik Jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene.
The murder scene is an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai.
Wan Chai is an inner-city suburb.
Wan Chai is home to an eclectic mix of late-night bars.
Wan Chai is home to residential tower blocks.
Wan Chai is home to local markets selling groceries and assorted cheap goods.
In the early hours of Saturday morning, November 1, police say Rurik Jutting called them to the apartment.
Police found a woman lying on the blood-splattered floor.
The woman found on the blood-splattered floor was later identified as Seneng Mujiasih.
Seneng Mujiasih is 29 years old.
During a search of the apartment, officers uncovered another body hidden in a suitcase on the balcony.
The body hidden in a suitcase on the balcony is alleged to be Sumarti Ningsih.
Sumarti Ningsih is 25 years old.
Sumarti Ningsih was killed on October 27.
Sumarti Ningsih was killed five days before her body was found.
Sumarti Ningsih was from Cilacap.
Cilacap is in Central Java.
Sumarti Ningsih was the mother of a five-year-old girl.
Jumiati is Sumarti Ningsih's cousin.
Jumiati described Sumarti Ningsih as "just an ordinary woman from Indonesia."
Jumiati stated that Sumarti Ningsih was "forced to work abroad to feed her poor family and make her dream come true."
Jumiati stated that Sumarti Ningsih wanted to work as a professional.
Sumarti Ningsih wanted to work as a professional so she can earn money and dignity for her family.
Jumiati described Sumarti Ningsih as a good girl.
Jumiati stated that Sumarti Ningsih did not deserve this treatment.
According to the Asian Migrant Coordinating Body, Sumarti Ningsih was visiting Hong Kong as a tourist.
Sumarti Ningsih had been due to fly back to Jakarta the day after her body was found.
Ahmad Khaliman is Sumarti Ningsih's father.
Last year, Ahmad Khaliman told Agence France-Presse that Sumarti Ningsih had worked in Hong Kong as a domestic helper between 2011 and 2013.
Ahmad Khaliman stated that Sumarti Ningsih had since returned to Hong Kong on two occasions.
Ahmad Khaliman said the family had been unaffected by Sumarti Ningsih's murder.
Ahmad Khaliman called for the perpetrator to be executed.
Ahmad Khaliman stated, "If not, I cannot accept it."
Ahmad Khaliman stated, "He has already taken my daughter's life, so he has to pay with his life."
Ahmad Khaliman told CNN affiliate Trans7.
Seneng Mujiasih had more recently worked as a domestic worker in Hong Kong.
Seneng Mujiasih had overstayed her visa.
The Asian Migrant Coordinating Body provided this information.
Seneng Mujiasih is also known as Jesse Lorena.
Seneng Mujiasih was from the city of Muna.
Muna is in Sulawesi province.
Muna is in southeast Indonesia.
Few details are known about Seneng Mujiasih's life.
Few details are known about why Seneng Mujiasih stayed on in Hong Kong.
After news of their death spread, fellow domestic workers held a vigil in Hong Kong's Victoria Park.
Around 200 people gathered to sing and pray.
Around 200 people laid flowers beside photos of the two women.
The victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November.
Before being taken into custody, Rurik Jutting lived in the upmarket J Residence in Wan Chai.
Rurik Jutting was detained at the scene.
Police found the bodies of two women at the scene.
Police seized a knife during a search of the premises.
It is unclear when Rurik Jutting left his job as a trader at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
A Bank of America spokesman confirmed that a man of the same name had worked there in the past.
Rurik Jutting's profile on LinkedIn stated that he had been employed at the bank's structured equity finance and trading division in Hong Kong since July 2013.
Rurik Jutting worked in the same unit in London for three years before working in Hong Kong.
Rurik Jutting previously worked in capital markets for the British bank Barclays.
Rurik Jutting studied history and law at the prestigious University of Cambridge between 2004 and 2008.
Tests were conducted to determine if Rurik Jutting was psychologically fit to enter a plea.
Rurik Jutting was found to be psychologically fit to enter a plea.
The case was adjourned to allow for more than 200 pieces of forensic and DNA evidence to be analyzed.