I remember the day I stopped praying.
The day I stopped praying was the day after my little brother, Jimmy, died of cancer.
Jimmy died of cancer.
Jimmy was 25 years old when he died.
I was angry at God after Jimmy's death.
I was 27 years old at the time of Jimmy's death.
I had stopped going to church.
On the day after Jimmy's death, I needed to understand why God took Jimmy.
I called the nearest Catholic church.
A lady picked up the phone at the Catholic church.
I asked the lady if I could talk with Father.
The lady did not answer "yes" to my request.
The lady asked me if I was a member of that particular parish.
I asked the lady if my membership mattered.
I lived far from my home parish at the time.
The answer about my being able to see Father was clearly no.
I do not know if all Catholic churches would have shut me out.
I figured it was part of the long list of rules the Vatican required Catholic leaders to follow.
I cried for a bit after the phone call.
I decided I would never ask God for anything.
God's conduits on Earth did not have time for me.
I considered myself a devout Catholic ever since.
Pope Francis reawakened my faith.
Pope Francis did not open the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church.
Pope Francis still argues against things I passionately support.
I find myself enthralled by Pope Francis.
I met one of Pope Francis's newly appointed cardinals.
The cardinal's name is Cardinal Gerald Lacroix.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix is 57 years old.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix presides at the Basilica Cathedral of Notre Dame in Quebec City.
I asked Cardinal Gerald Lacroix what it is about Pope Francis.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said every person is a mystery.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said Pope Francis is living with such freedom.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said Pope Francis is himself.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said Pope Francis is in tune with the Lord.
Those close to Pope Francis say he wakes up close to 4 in the morning.
Pope Francis prepares for his daily Mass at 7 in the morning on weekdays.
Pope Francis spends almost three hours in prayer, preparation, and silence before the Lord and the word of God.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix suggested that this routine fine-tunes Pope Francis to start off a day.
Pope Francis stays humble by washing the feet of the disabled, women, and those of other faiths.
Pope Francis ordered showers to be built for the poor in St. Peter's Square.
Pope Francis's tone is appealing to me.
Pope Francis said, "If a person is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to judge?"
Pope Francis's comment took me aback.
Homosexuality has long been a taboo subject for the Vatican.
Pope Francis uttered welcoming words about homosexuality.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix likened Pope Francis's approach to Jesus.
Jesus did not judge.
Jesus did not come as a judge.
Jesus preached and talked about the love of God.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix understands why more conservative Catholics worry.
If Pope Francis does not judge, then no one will tell us who is a sinner and who is not.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix thinks Pope Francis is conservative in the right way.
You have to be conservative enough to return to the foundation of the Gospel.
You cannot reproach Pope Francis for not living the Gospel.
You cannot reproach Pope Francis for not preaching the truth of the Gospel.
Homosexuality is considered a sin in the eyes of the church.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix insisted there is room for everyone.
The door is open for everyone in the Catholic Church.
The Catholic Church will never promote same-sex marriage.
The Catholic Church respects homosexual persons.
The Catholic Church welcomes homosexual persons.
The Catholic Church accompanies homosexual persons.
The Catholic Church will not bless same-sex marriages.
The Catholic Church does not reject homosexual persons.
I finally understood why Pope Francis reawakened my faith.
I always felt my church would reject me for committing the smallest of sins.
I felt my church would reject me for calling a priest at a church that was not my home parish.
I felt my church would reject me for not covering my head with a traditional veil at Easter.
I felt my church would reject me for accidentally eating meat on Holy Friday.
I felt my church would reject me for supporting the use of contraception.
Jesus walked with sinners until the very end.
Jesus did not banish sinners to the fires of hell.
Jesus refused to give up on anyone.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix is trying to do his best on the local level.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants to have an open ear to what the church and world are experiencing.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants to see how the church can respond to those needs today.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants people to see him as an open heart to grow together.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix does not want the church to be imposing.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes the church has nothing to impose.
Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes the church has someone to propose: the Lord Jesus and his Gospel.
I can't wait to go to church next Sunday.
I will bow my head and pray for forgiveness next Sunday.
I will pray for Christ's love if I am worthy.