The U.S. official stated that up to 25,000 Iraqi troops were expected to return to Mosul in April or May.
A senior official in President Barack Obama's administration said that Washington is not putting a timeframe on a possible invasion of Mosul.
Another senior administration official said that the invasion might be some time from now.
Another senior administration official said that the invasion might be soon.
Mosul has long been a big prize in the Iraqi government's fight against ISIS.
The U.S.-led military coalition has carried out airstrikes for months to aid the Iraqi government in its fight against ISIS.
Iraqi troops dropped their weapons, abandoned their posts, and ran for their lives when militants arrived in Mosul last June.
Senior administration officials stated that the Iraqis and their allies are making progress in their fight against ISIS.
Officials insist that ISIS has been degraded substantially thanks to a combination of air power and ground combat.
The recapture of Tikrit occurred a few weeks ago.
Tikrit is the hometown of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
Tikrit is located about 100 miles (160 kilometers) north of Baghdad.
Iraqi forces, aided by Iranian-backed Shiite militiamen, took Tikrit.
ISIS allegedly massacred Iraqi troops in Tikrit last year.
Mosul has a lot more people than Tikrit.
Approximately one million people live in Mosul.
Mosul is more important to Iraq than Tikrit.
Mosul is more important to ISIS than Tikrit.
The terrorist group ISIS has all the more reason to defend Mosul.
The campaign for Mosul has begun, according to officials.
There are no plans for U.S. combat troops' involvement in an eventual operation in Mosul.
Airstrikes have already targeted ISIS positions in the Mosul area.
A full ground assault on Mosul is not imminent.
An administration official called for patience regarding the campaign for Mosul.
An administration official stated that winning Mosul is a simple task.
Winning Mosul will take a lot of capacity.
Winning Mosul will take some time to build.