Robert Redford played a role in the movie "All Is Lost."
Ang Lee directed the movie "Life of Pi."
In real life, it is hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days.
In real life, it is hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for weeks.
In real life, it is hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for months.
Miracles do happen in real life.
People who float aimlessly do not represent the cases of individuals lost at sea for long periods.
People who run aground after running out of gas do not represent the cases of individuals lost at sea for long periods.
People who are let down by faltering winds and picked up a few hours later by the U.S. Coast Guard do not represent the cases of individuals lost at sea for long periods.
Much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough to run out of food.
Much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough to run out of drinking water.
Individuals lost at sea must rely on ingenuity to survive.
Individuals lost at sea must rely on resourcefulness to survive.
Individuals lost at sea must rely on luck to survive.
The number of stories that end sadly with a sailor dying at sea is much higher than the number of stories that end in rescues.
Happy endings do occur in stories of individuals lost at sea.
Rescue agencies have reported happy endings in stories of individuals lost at sea.
No one else can prove or refute the accounts of sole survivors.
Louis Jordan set off on his 35-foot sailboat from South Carolina in late January.
Louis Jordan headed into the Gulf Stream looking for a good spot to catch fish.
Louis Jordan's boat capsized.
Louis Jordan's boat's mast broke.
Louis Jordan's shoulder broke.
Louis Jordan rationed water to buy time.
Louis Jordan collected fresh water in a bucket.
Louis Jordan used laundry to trap and scoop up fish.
Louis Jordan rigged a makeshift mast and sail.
Louis Jordan's sailboat capsized two more times.
Crew members on a German-flagged container ship spotted Louis Jordan about 200 miles off the North Carolina coast on Thursday.
Louis Jordan's father greeted him with a hug.
Louis Jordan's father admitted that he thought he lost Louis Jordan.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga's journey began in Paredon Viejo, a port on Mexico's Pacific coast, in late 2012.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga set off in December 2012 according to his account.
Locals say Jose Salvador Alvarenga set off in November 2012.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga disappeared after he left Paredon Viejo.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga interacted with humans again in January 2013.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga interacted with humans thousands of miles away on a remote atoll in the Marshall Islands.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga's trip was supposed to be a one-day trip.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga's trip turned into an arduous odyssey across the Pacific Ocean.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga lost his fishing companion during his journey.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga's journey tested his will and ability to survive.
Winds blew Jose Salvador Alvarenga and his partner off course.
A storm hit Jose Salvador Alvarenga's boat.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga's boat lost its engine due to the storm.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga's boat lost the use of its radio communication due to the storm.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga's boat lost the use of its GPS systems due to the storm.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga's partner died after four weeks because he refused to eat raw birds.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga refused to drink rainwater.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga drank his own urine when rainwater was not available.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga ate sea turtles.
After 13 or 14 months adrift, Jose Salvador Alvarenga and his small, heavily damaged boat arrived on the Ebon Atoll.
Ebon Atoll is about a 22-hour boat ride from the Marshall Islands capital of Majuro.
Ebon Atoll has one phone line.
Ebon Atoll has no Internet service.
Ebon Atoll has a few residents.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga spotted two residents on Ebon Atoll.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga shouted to the two residents on Ebon Atoll after spending a night in the woods.
Jose Salvador Alvarenga's faith in God helped him survive.
Ron Ingraham is a fisherman.
Ron Ingraham's son is named Zakary.
Ron Ingraham set off solo from the Hawaiian island of Molokai around last Thanksgiving.
Bad weather hit Ron Ingraham's sailboat.
Ron Ingraham's 25-foot sailboat went backwards all night long.
A huge wave struck Ron Ingraham's sailboat.
The huge wave pushed Ron Ingraham's mast into the water.
The huge wave pushed Ron Ingraham into the water.
Ron Ingraham used a rope to pull himself back into his sailboat.
Ron Ingraham's boat could not be rescued easily.
Ron Ingraham was left at the mercy of the current.
A distress call went out from Ron Ingraham's sailboat.
The search for Ron Ingraham covered 12,000 square miles.
A Coast Guard official told Ron Ingraham the search was being called off on December 1.
Zakary Ingraham responded that he did not feel like Ron Ingraham was dead.
Twelve days after the first distress call, Ron Ingraham was picked up about 64 miles south of Honolulu.
Ron Ingraham was weak when he was picked up.
Ron Ingraham was hungry when he was picked up.
Ron Ingraham was dehydrated when he was picked up.
Ron Ingraham was alive when he was picked up.
Ron Ingraham headed back to shore only after getting assurances his damaged boat would come with him.
Adrian Vasquez was 18 years old in February 2012.
Adrian Vasquez's mother is named Nilsa de la Cruz.
Adrian Vasquez was asked by two friends whether he wanted to tag along on an overnight fishing expedition.
Adrian Vasquez said yes to the invitation to tag along on the fishing expedition.
Adrian Vasquez and two friends set off from the Panama town of San Carlos on a small boat.
Adrian Vasquez and his two friends caught plenty of fish at the beginning of their trip.
Adrian Vasquez's boat's engine died without warning.
Adrian Vasquez and his two friends did not have tools after the engine died.
Adrian Vasquez and his two friends did not have navigational experience after the engine died.
Adrian Vasquez ate raw fish during his ordeal.
Adrian Vasquez drank rainwater during his ordeal.
Adrian Vasquez's boat, the Fifty Cents, was swept further into the Pacific Ocean by currents.
Adrian Vasquez's two companions died during the ordeal.
It is not clear how Adrian Vasquez's two companions died.
Ecuadorian Rear Admiral Freddy Garcia Calle said Adrian Vasquez threw the bodies of his companions into the sea.
Adrian Vasquez's companions had become badly decomposed.
Fishermen spotted Adrian Vasquez's tiny vessel 26 days after the journey began.
Adrian Vasquez's tiny vessel was spotted nearly 600 miles away from where the journey began.
The Ecuadorian navy picked up Adrian Vasquez after his vessel was spotted.
Adrian Vasquez lost 20 pounds during his ordeal.
Adrian Vasquez showed severe signs of dehydration and lack of nutrition.
Adrian Vasquez returned home to loved ones eager to embrace him.
Adrian Vasquez's family was mindful of giving him time to process the ordeal.
Adrian Vasquez's mother said that for them, this is an opportunity to get closer as a family.
Adrian Vasquez's mother said that for them, this is an opportunity to be more understanding and loving.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa was at home on March 11, 2011.
A massive 9.0 magnitude earthquake struck 231 miles northeast of Tokyo on March 11, 2011.
A devastating tsunami followed the earthquake.
The tsunami had 30-foot waves.
The tsunami ravaged cities and towns.
The tsunami damaged several nuclear reactors.
Nearly 16,000 people were dead by the time the tsunami had run its course.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa was saved by holding onto the roof of his home.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa's wife was swept away by the tsunami.
More than two days later, video showed Hiromitsu Shinkawa barely visible amid heaps of splintered wood, shattered homes, and other debris.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa was floating more than nine miles out to sea.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa was waving a self-made red flag.
Crew aboard a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyer spotted Hiromitsu Shinkawa.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa was picked up in a smaller rescue boat.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa took a drink offered to him by his rescuers.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa burst into tears after taking a drink offered to him by his rescuers.
Hiromitsu Shinkawa told his rescuers that he thought that day was the last day of his life.