Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share little in common.
Martin O'Malley is a Democrat.
Jim Webb is a Democrat.
Martin O'Malley is toying with a presidential run.
Jim Webb is toying with a presidential run.
Martin O'Malley is facing long odds in his endeavor to run for president.
Jim Webb is facing long odds in his endeavor to run for president.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines, Iowa, on Friday night.
Martin O'Malley is a former mayor of Maryland.
Martin O'Malley is a former governor of Maryland.
Martin O'Malley seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events.
Martin O'Malley introduces himself to anyone who would extend their hand.
Jim Webb is a decorated Vietnam War veteran.
Jim Webb is a former senator from Virginia.
Jim Webb comes across as more stoic than Martin O'Malley.
Jim Webb comes across as uncomfortable with retail politics.
Before the event, Martin O'Malley cruised the union hall.
Martin O'Malley took selfies with young environmental activists.
Martin O'Malley chatted with sometimes tepid supporters.
Some supporters admitted their other political allegiances to Martin O'Malley.
One man told Martin O'Malley, "It is a marathon, not a sprint."
The man’s statement was a nod to Martin O'Malley's long odds in the 2016 Democratic nomination process.
Martin O'Malley responded, "Yes, it is; it's a marathon."
Another man said to Martin O'Malley, "Welcome to Iowa."
The man hoped to see Martin O'Malley in Iowa more.
Martin O'Malley smiled and said, "Thanks a lot. I hope you do, too."
Jim Webb opted to stay close to his seat near the front of the venue.
Jim Webb chatted with a small group of people around him.
As Jim Webb cut into his sizable helping of pork, Martin O'Malley was standing directly behind him.
Martin O'Malley was shaking hands while standing directly behind Jim Webb.
Jim Webb stood up and shook hands with a few diehard Democratic activists in the room.
Zach Smith said his baby boy, Noah, is seven months old.
Zach Smith is a new father.
Jim Webb said he has a bunch of kids.
Jim Webb said his youngest child is eight years old.
The baby looked up at Jim Webb.
Jim Webb remarked that the baby is pretty calm.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb do not know each other.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb met for the first time in a Des Moines hotel lobby on Friday morning.
Hillary Clinton is the former secretary of state.
Hillary Clinton is set to announce her presidential bid on Sunday.
Hillary Clinton leads every national and state poll of the Democratic field.
Hillary Clinton has begun to build a sizable staff.
Hillary Clinton is expected to have massive amounts of money to win the nomination.
Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb are both looking up at Hillary Clinton.
In a March CNN/ORC poll of national Democrats, only 1% said Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb were their top choice.
In a January poll from Bloomberg Politics and the Des Moines Register, Martin O'Malley was at 1% among Iowa Democrats.
In a January poll from Bloomberg Politics and the Des Moines Register, Jim Webb was at 3% among Iowa Democrats.
The speaking portion of the night showed differences between Jim Webb and Martin O'Malley.
Jim Webb spoke before Martin O'Malley.
Jim Webb gave a more subdued, biographical speech.
Jim Webb's speech mentioned three areas he would focus on if he ran for president.
The three areas Jim Webb would focus on are basic governance, economic justice, and criminal justice reform.
Jim Webb promised to come back to Iowa regularly.
Jim Webb said, "I am committing to you right now, we are going to go over the whole state."
The biggest applause came near the end of Jim Webb's speech.
Jim Webb urged his party to get back to talking about issues.
Jim Webb said, "Money is ruining our political process."
Jim Webb's statement received applause and "hear hear."
Martin O'Malley gave a speech littered with intentional applause lines.
Martin O'Malley deliberately stopped to allow for silence to be filled with clapping hands.
Martin O'Malley said, "When the American Dream is denied, our lives shrink, our hopes fade, and our days unfold not in the light of possibility but in the darkness of fear."
Martin O'Malley delivered the same stump speech he usually gives.
Martin O'Malley said, "To make the dream true again, we must fight for better wages for all workers, so that Americans can support their families on what they earn."
As the event wound down, Jim Webb and Martin O'Malley stuck around to shake more hands.
Jim O'Malley spent the previous day in Iowa.
Martin O'Malley left Friday night for New York.
Jim Webb is in the midst of a four-day trip to Iowa.
Jim Webb stayed in Des Moines.
Jim Webb headlined a veterans event on Saturday morning in Waterloo.
Jim Webb regularly speaks about his service.
Jim Webb appeared more at home at the veterans event.
Jim Webb told war stories with young and old veterans.
Jim Webb spoke at length about how the government could be doing more for veterans.
Jim Webb touted his work on passing the 21st Century G.I. Bill of Rights.
The 21st Century G.I. Bill of Rights is a 2008 act that expanded education benefits for veterans.
Jim Webb stressed that more needed to be done for veterans.
Jim Webb said, "You want the next greatest generation, give them the same opportunity the greatest generation had."
Jim Webb's statement received applause.
Jim Webb shook hands with veterans after the event.
Veterans told Jim Webb stories about dropped benefits and problems with the Department of Veterans Affairs.
Jim Webb occasionally smiled and thanked people for coming on a sunny Saturday morning.
Jim Webb smiled when asked whether he enjoys retail politics.
Retail politics is crucial in early voting states like Iowa and New Hampshire.
Skepticism of retail politics is not new for Jim Webb.
Jim Webb was rumored to loathe the burdens that came with campaigning.
The burdens that came with campaigning include fundraising and retail politics.
Jim Webb put on a rosy view of retail politics this time.
Jim Webb said, "This is the good part of it."
Jim Webb laughed when he said, "Talking to the media, that is not always the good part."