The California Public Utilities Commission ordered Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system.
The penalty includes the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in San Bruno in September 2010.
Most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
Of the $1.6 billion, $850 million will go to gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements.
Another $50 million will go toward other remedies to enhance pipeline safety.
Michael Picker is the commission President.
Michael Picker said PG&E failed to uphold the public's trust.
Michael Picker said the CPUC failed to keep vigilant.
Michael Picker said lives were lost.
Michael Picker said numerous people were injured.
Michael Picker said homes were destroyed.
Michael Picker said we must do everything we can to ensure that nothing like this happens again.
Tony Earley is the chief executive officer of PG&E.
Tony Earley said PG&E is working to become the safest energy company in the United States.
Tony Earley said since the 2010 explosion of the natural gas transmission pipeline in San Bruno, PG&E has worked hard to do the right thing for the victims, their families, and the community of San Bruno.
Tony Earley said PG&E is deeply sorry for this tragic event.
Tony Earley said PG&E has dedicated itself to re-earning the trust of its customers and the communities it serves.
Tony Earley said the lessons of this tragic event will not be forgotten.
On September 9, 2010, a section of PG&E pipeline exploded in Los Angeles.
The explosion killed eight people.
The explosion injured more than 50 others.
The blast destroyed 37 homes.
PG&E has paid more than $500 million in claims to the victims and victims' families in San Bruno.
San Bruno is just south of San Francisco.
PG&E has replaced more than 800 miles of pipe.
PG&E has installed new gas leak technology.
PG&E has implemented nine of 12 recommendations from the National Transportation Safety Board.
PG&E has 5.4 million electric customers.
PG&E has 4.3 million natural gas customers.
The previous record penalty was a $146 million penalty against Southern California Edison Company in 2008.
The previous record penalty was for falsifying customer and worker safety data.
Jason Hanna contributed to this report.