Lost luggage after a long flight is a common occurrence of modern air travel.
Airlines sometimes lose things that are irreplaceable.
Jennifer Stewart is an American.
Jennifer Stewart was devastated to learn that Etihad Airways lost her most important baggage.
Jennifer Stewart's most important baggage is her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman booked Felix on their Etihad Airways flight.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman booked Felix on their flight from the United Arab Emirates to New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport on April 1.
Felix went missing shortly after the plane arrived in New York.
Felix went missing somewhere on the grounds of Kennedy Airport.
Etihad Airways reported that Felix went missing.
Jennifer Stewart believes that Felix was able to get loose.
Jennifer Stewart believes that Felix's plastic carrier was badly damaged during the flight or the transfer from the airplane to the pickup area.
A cargo manager called Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman to an office after they landed at Kennedy Airport.
The cargo manager notified Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman that Felix's carrier had been crushed.
Photographs taken by Jennifer Stewart showed a large hole in the top of Felix's carrier.
At least one of the corners of Felix's carrier appeared partially collapsed.
Felix remains missing nearly one week later.
Jennifer Stewart feels sick that Etihad Airways treated Felix like cargo.
Jennifer Stewart trusts that people care and are doing their job well.
A representative for Etihad Airways told CNN that the loss of pets during air travel is extremely rare.
Etihad Airways shipped more than 200 pets last year.
Etihad Airways is investigating the incident.
Etihad Airways is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate Felix.
Etihad Airways hired third-party specialists to help in the hunt for Felix.
Etihad Airways deeply regrets the unfortunate incident.
Etihad Airways is keeping Jennifer Stewart apprised of the progress of the search.
Etihad Airways will review its pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident.
The safety and care of pets traveling with Etihad Airways is a top priority.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman booked Felix's flight as part of their job relocation to the United States.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman lived in Abu Dhabi for more than three years.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman spent $1,200 to ship Felix on the 14-hour flight.
Jennifer Stewart believes that people assume they pay extra to have their pets taken care of.
Jennifer Stewart believes that pets are treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage.
A pet has gone missing at New York's busiest airport before.
In August 2011, a cat escaped from its carrier before an American Airlines flight from New York to San Francisco.
The cat that escaped in August 2011 was never found two months later in a customs room at the airport.
The cat that escaped in August 2011 had to be euthanized because of injuries and malnutrition.
Jennifer Stewart enlisted the help of a local nonprofit to help track down Felix's scent.
The local nonprofit provided a highly trained detection dog.
A wildlife biologist who works with the airport placed traps to facilitate Felix's safe return.
Officials at Kennedy Airport offered to assist Etihad Airways as the airline investigates what happened.
Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman will continue to search the airport until they have answers.
Jennifer Stewart wants to find Felix.
Jennifer Stewart does not know if she will find Felix.