Charleston, South Carolina police officers accompanied the hearse carrying the body of Walter Scott to his South Carolina funeral service on Saturday.
Walter Scott's funeral service was attended by hundreds of mourners.
The mourners celebrated Walter Scott's life and death as a catalyst for change in America.
No police officers were part of the large procession delivering Walter Scott to a service open to the public.
An overflow crowd gathered at W.O.R.D. Ministries Christian Center in Summerville.
W.O.R.D. Ministries Christian Center has a capacity of about 300 people.
The flag-draped casket of Walter Scott was wheeled inside the church.
Walter Scott's relatives and friends followed the casket into the church.
Some mourners dabbed tears.
Some mourners embraced each other.
Hundreds of people, including local officials, assembled inside the packed sanctuary.
Some mourners stood in corridors.
Some mourners stood under an awning at the entrance.
Silence filled the vast space as Walter Scott's daughter Samantha read a poem dedicated to her father.
Anthony Scott said God had selected Walter Scott as a candidate for change in America.
Anthony Scott said, "The change will come."
Anthony Scott's statement brought the crowd to its feet.
George Hamilton spoke of how Walter Scott had brought members of his family to the church.
George Hamilton spoke of the agony of losing a family member and watching it happen on video.
The death of Walter Scott at the hands of a white police officer was motivated by racial prejudice, according to George Hamilton.
George Hamilton described Walter Scott's death as an act of overt racism.
George Hamilton said hate came because Walter Scott was an African-American.
George Hamilton said his remarks were not meant as an indictment of law enforcement.
George Hamilton singled out the officer who killed Walter Scott as a disgrace to the North Charleston Police Department.
George Hamilton said there is going to be change.
George Hamilton said Walter Scott's death will not be in vain.
After the service, pallbearers gently lifted Walter Scott's casket into the hearse.
Crowds poured from the church after the service.
A slow-moving procession of black cars made its way to Live Oak Memorial Gardens in Charleston for the private burial.
Chris Stewart, an attorney for the Scott family, said Walter Scott's death represented more than a race issue.
Chris Stewart said Walter Scott's death is a human issue.
Chris Stewart said they are getting emails from people in Arkansas supporting the Scott family.
Chris Stewart quoted an email from a supporter saying, "I'm a white male, and I'm supporting this family."
Walter Scott's son is going to be remembered for changing the way people look at each other, according to Chris Stewart.
On Friday night, Walter Scott's open casket was draped with an American flag.
Walter Scott was in a dark suit for his private visitation in Charleston.
A Dallas Cowboys banner was placed outside Walter Scott's casket.
A figurine of a Cowboys player stood at Walter Scott's side.
Walter Scott's family was missing during the visitation.
Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley said Walter Scott's family needed privacy.
A week ago, Walter Scott was killed in North Charleston after getting pulled over for a broken taillight.
A passer-by caught the shooting on cell phone video.
Officer Michael Slager was charged with murder after the shooting.
Officer Michael Slager was fired after the shooting.
Officer Michael Slager faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted.
The video shows Walter Scott running from Officer Michael Slager.
Officer Michael Slager fired eight shots.
Walter Scott was struck five times.
Walter Scott fell to the ground after being struck.
National Urban League President Marc Morial said nothing in the video demonstrates that Officer Michael Slager's life or the life of another was threatened.
Marc Morial questioned whether the use of force was excessive.
One witness spoke of a struggle before the shooting.
At least one expert believes a murder charge may not hold up.
Gwen Nichols told CNN's Brian Todd that she saw Walter Scott and Officer Michael Slager scuffling at the entrance to a vacant lot.
Gwen Nichols described the scuffle as a tussle.
Gwen Nichols did not hear Officer Michael Slager saying "Stop!"
Gwen Nichols' account has similarities to Officer Michael Slager's account.
Officer Michael Slager told investigators that he tussled with Walter Scott over his Taser.
Officer Michael Slager said he feared for his safety during the encounter.
Criminal defense attorney Paul Callan believes Officer Michael Slager's defense will argue that the shooting was a heat of passion shooting.
Paul Callan said the defense will argue that the shooting occurred suddenly after a physical altercation with Walter Scott.
Paul Callan said that would constitute manslaughter under law, as opposed to murder.
A murder conviction in South Carolina requires a measure of premeditation.
The account from the witness who recorded the cell phone video, Feidin Santana, paints a different picture.
Feidin Santana was walking to work when he saw Officer Michael Slager on top of Walter Scott.
Feidin Santana said he could hear the sound of a Taser in use.
Feidin Santana said he did not see Walter Scott go after the Taser.
Feidin Santana believes Walter Scott was trying to get away.
Feidin Santana said, "Mr. Scott never tried to fight."
The struggle and the use of a Taser were not captured on video.
Feidin Santana started recording shortly after the struggle.
Investigators from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division found troubling inconsistencies from the very start.
Mark Keel, the division Chief, said they believed early on that there was something not right about the encounter.
Mark Keel said the cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed their initial suspicions.
Officer Michael Slager's lawyer, Andy Savage, complained that he has not received cooperation from law enforcement.
Andy Savage's office said it has yet to receive any investigative documents, audio, or video tapes, other than a copy of Officer Michael Slager's arrest warrant.
The police union that Officer Michael Slager belongs to is no longer involved in the case, according to a news release.
Charleston County Sheriff Al Cannon said Officer Michael Slager's wife, Jamie, who is eight months pregnant, and his mother visited him at the county detention center on Friday.
Officer Michael Slager was being held in isolation.
Officer Michael Slager was being monitored for his mental health.
One of Officer Michael Slager's lawyers said the visit with his wife and mother lasted about an hour.
Officer Michael Slager's wife and mother were tearful but strong during the visit.
Officer Michael Slager's family was grateful for the chance to see him in person, even if separated by a thick pane of glass.
Officer Michael Slager's family held up family photos during the visit.
Officer Michael Slager's family held up Jamie's ultrasound from earlier that day during the visit.
Officer Michael Slager was focused on Jamie and their baby during the visit.
Officer Michael Slager was relieved to know that Jamie is being shown love and support by their families.
A second video, taken from a police dash cam, has emerged from the day Walter Scott died.
The second video shows moments before the shooting.
The second video shows that things seemed to be going smoothly between Walter Scott and Officer Michael Slager.
Walter Scott apparently told Officer Michael Slager that he has no insurance on the vehicle.
Officer Michael Slager returned to his car to do paperwork after Walter Scott's statement.
Walter Scott got out of the car and ran out of the camera's frame.
Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant over $18,104.43 in unpaid child support at the time of the stop.
Walter Scott's family lawyers said that was why he ran.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn, D-South Carolina, told reporters that Walter Scott lost a $35,000-a-year job the first time he was jailed for failing to pay child support.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn said Walter Scott said it was the best job he ever had.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn said there needs to be income to collect child support.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn said one cannot make much income from jail.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn said there needs to be a look at how to deal with the issue of child support without causing unemployment and loss of freedom.
On Friday afternoon, police met with a man who was in Walter Scott's car.
The passenger's name was not in a police report obtained by CNN.
The passenger was detained briefly after the shooting, according to one officer's report.
Walter Scott family attorney Chris Stewart said the passenger was a co-worker and friend of Walter Scott.
Chris Stewart did not identify the passenger by name.
On Friday, a few mourners trickled into the Fielding Home for Funerals.
A white banner with a blue star near Walter Scott's casket displayed his favorite NFL team.
The banner said, "Tradition, the Cowboys way."
Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley said Walter Scott's death is a heartbreaking tragedy for everyone in the community.
Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley said Walter Scott's death breaks everyone's hearts.