President Barack Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran before he became the Democratic candidate for president.
Reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy goal.
The process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations.
Political considerations have weakened America's hand.
Political considerations have strengthened Iran.
Barack Obama's political standing is deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with Iran.
Barack Obama's historic legacy in foreign policy is deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with Iran.
If the nuclear deal ultimately collapses, Barack Obama may fear that historians will conclude that his legacy in global affairs collapsed with it.
The United States is the more eager side in the nuclear talks.
Iran's economy was sent into a deep chill by international sanctions.
Iran's only significant export, oil, lost more than half of its value in recent months.
Barack Obama has a huge political stake in the negotiations.
Barack Obama may insist that the United States will choose no deal over a bad deal.
Few people believe Barack Obama has a credible Plan B.
Few people believe Barack Obama has a credible Plan B, particularly in the Middle East.
Few people believe Barack Obama has a credible Plan B among America's Arab friends.
America's Arab friends hold the view that Iran is running circles around the United States.
America's Arab friends hold the view that Iran outplayed Barack Obama.
David Rothkopf said, "Iran is having a great Obama administration."
The belief that Iran is having a great Obama administration has started shaking up the region.
Saudi Arabia has said that it will pursue nuclear weapons if it believes Iran has not been stopped.
Other countries among Iran's Muslim rivals will pursue nuclear weapons if they believe Iran has not been stopped.
The notion that Barack Obama is not handling the Iranian threat effectively is contributing to a new war in Yemen.
Saudi Arabia and other Arabs are trying to push back against gains by Iran's allies in Yemen.
Barack Obama said he would meet Iran's leaders "without preconditions" in 2007.
Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama's idea to meet Iran's leaders "Irresponsible and frankly naive."
Iran has not engaged in international terrorism.
Iran has contributed to stabilizing the region.
Finding a deal with Iran started to look like the one major foreign policy achievement Barack Obama might leave behind.
The political imperative started to intrude in strategic considerations on an issue of transcendent importance to world peace.
The framework agreement was announced two days after Barack Obama's March 31 deadline.
The U.S.-imposed deadline served only to pressure the United States.
The French ambassador publicly decried the U.S.-imposed deadline as a "bad tactic."
The bad tactic was a political move.
The bad tactic was a push to produce some sort of result to protect the talks from critics.
A solid agreement that ensures Iran will not produce nuclear weapons would be a welcome development.
The agreement so far does not look promising.
The final outcome of the agreement will differ greatly from what Barack Obama had vowed.
Barack Obama described a crystal clear goal for negotiations in a presidential debate in 2012.
Barack Obama said, "The deal we'll accept is they end their nuclear program. It's very straightforward."
Nobody is talking about Iran ending its nuclear program.
Iran will be allowed to keep one-third of its more than 6,000 centrifuges.
One-third of Iran's more than 6,000 centrifuges is not a small symbolic number.
It does not appear that any of Iran's nuclear facilities will be dismantled.
Fordow will contain no nuclear materials.
Iran has insisted that its nuclear program has only civilian uses.
Iran has a well-established record of lying and concealing the elements of its nuclear program to U.N. inspectors.
The U.N. agency chief says that Iran's lying and concealing has not stopped.
U.N. nuclear chief Yukiya Amano said Iran is still stonewalling.
Yukiya Amano warned that the U.N. is still not in a position to conclude that all nuclear material in Iran is for a peaceful purpose.
The negotiations' starting point is that Iran would like to have the bomb.
The international community wants to delay Iran from obtaining the bomb as much as possible.
The international community prefers to delay Iran from obtaining the bomb forever.
The world learned about Iran's secret facilities at Arak and Natanz after dissidents raised the alarm.
Iran is very good at lying to international inspectors.
It is well-established that Iran has had something to hide about its nuclear program.
It is well-established that many of Iran's neighbors do not trust Iran.
Many of Iran's neighbors are anxious about the U.S.-led international dealings with Iran.
It is well-established that Iran has engaged in international terrorism.
It is well-established that Iran has engaged in destabilizing the region.
It is clear that it took harsh international sanctions to bring Iran to the negotiating table.
It is clear that a collapse in oil prices brought Iran to the negotiating table.
Iran had the most to lose from a failure of talks.
Political considerations turned the United States into the supplicant.
The framework agreement starts lifting indispensable sanctions much too soon.
Nuclear enrichment will continue at a lower level.
Iran officially becomes a nuclear threshold state.
Iran has the capability to make the final dash to a bomb within a "breakout" period of one year.
The breakout period is the time when inspectors would discover violations and allow the rest of the world to act.
The Fordow facility will remain in existence.
The Fordow facility will be converted to a nuclear "research facility."
The Fordow facility will not contain nuclear material on site.
International sanctions lifting will begin almost immediately.
Iran's nuclear infrastructure will remain largely in place.
Iran's nuclear infrastructure will operate at a reduced pace.
Iran's nuclear infrastructure will give Iran much of what it wanted.
Iranian forces are gaining ground in Arab lands.
Iranian commanders are declaring the destruction of Israel "nonnegotiable."
Iranian commanders are threatening Saudi Arabia.
The nuclear deal does not look reassuring.
Barack Obama is right that a diplomatic solution is the most desirable option.
The deal so far looks like another win for Iran.
The deal introduces enough restrictions that it could give Barack Obama the political cover he wants.
The deal does not do enough to make the world safe from nuclear proliferation.
The deal does not do enough to prevent more potentially catastrophic instability in the Middle East.