Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple.
The head of the NCAA slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week.
Tim Cook warned that religious freedom laws would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers.
The opposition from Walmart resonated most deeply.
Walmart is a ubiquitous retailer that dots the American landscape.
Walmart criticized a religious freedom law in its home state of Arkansas.
Walmart said in February it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage.
Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues.
Some prominent Republicans are urging the Republican Party to take notice of Walmart's actions.
Tim Pawlenty is the former Governor of Minnesota.
Tim Pawlenty called on the GOP to "be the party of Sam's Club, not just the country club."
Tim Pawlenty told CNN that Walmart's actions foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move.
The Republican Party will have to better stand for ideas on helping the middle class.
Tim Pawlenty is the head of the Financial Services Roundtable.
The Financial Services Roundtable is a Washington lobbying group for the finance industry.
The Republican Party's leaders must be willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers.
The Republican Party should support a reasonable increase in the minimum wage.
The Republican Party should prohibit discrimination against gays and lesbians in jobs, housing, and public accommodation.
Walmart employs more than 50,000 people in Arkansas.
Walmart emerged victorious on Wednesday.
Doug McMillon is the CEO of Walmart.
Doug McMillon called on Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson to veto the bill.
Asa Hutchinson is the Governor of Arkansas.
Asa Hutchinson held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed.
Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom law puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party.
Walmart's political action committee has tended to support the Republican Party.
In 2004, the Walmart PAC gave around $2 million to Republicans.
In 2004, the Walmart PAC gave less than $500,000 to Democrats.
The gap between contributions to Republicans and Democrats has grown less pronounced in recent years.
In 2014, the Walmart PAC spent about $1.3 million to support Republicans.
In 2014, the Walmart PAC spent around $970,000 for Democrats.
Walmart bulked up its nondiscrimination policies in 2011.
Walmart added protections for gender identity in its nondiscrimination policies.
Walmart announced it would start offering health insurance benefits to same-sex partners of employees starting in 2014.
Retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base.
Retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues is a recognition of the country's increasingly progressive views of gay equality.
Support for same-sex marriage is at a new high of 59%, according to a recent Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll.
Dwight Hill is a partner at the retail consulting firm McMillanDoolittle.
Dwight Hill said it is easy for someone like Chick-fil-A to take a polarizing position.
Dwight Hill said the largest retailer in the world has a different situation than Chick-fil-A.
Dwight Hill said same-sex marriage is becoming more commonplace in the U.S.
Businesses have to follow the trend of their customers.
The backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas is shining a bright light on the broader business community's support for workplace policies that promote gay equality.
After Mike Pence signed Indiana's religious freedom bill into law, CEOs of companies across the country threatened to pull out of Indiana.
The resistance to Indiana's religious freedom bill came from business leaders of all political persuasions.
Bill Oesterle is the CEO of the business-rating website Angie's List.
Bill Oesterle announced that Angie's List would put plans on hold to expand its footprint in Indianapolis.
NASCAR spoke out against the Indiana law.
Jason Rahlan is a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign.
Jason Rahlan said there is tremendous support from the business community for equality.
Jason Rahlan said discrimination is bad for business.
National Republicans are being forced to walk the fine line of protecting religious liberties and supporting nondiscrimination.
Jeb Bush is a likely GOP presidential candidate.
Jeb Bush initially backed Indiana's religious freedom law and Mike Pence.
Jeb Bush moderated his tone a few days later.
Jeb Bush said Indiana could have taken a better and more consensus-oriented approach.
Jeb Bush said by the end of the week, Indiana will be in the right place.
Hillary Clinton previously served on Walmart's board of directors.
Hillary Clinton called on Asa Hutchinson to veto the Arkansas bill.
Hillary Clinton said the Arkansas bill would permit unfair discrimination against the LGBT community.
Jay Chesshir is the CEO of the Little Rock Regional Chamber of Commerce in Arkansas.
Jay Chesshir welcomed Asa Hutchinson's pledge to seek changes to his state's bill.
Jay Chesshir said businesses are not afraid to engage in politically controversial debates.
Jay Chesshir said businesses engage in debate to ensure inclusive workplace policies.
Jay Chesshir said culture and quality of life are important to businesses.
Jay Chesshir said issues that have negative or positive impacts on culture and quality of life will prompt the business community to speak loudly.