A Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union.
University officials said the Duke student was not identified.
The university cited federal privacy laws for not identifying the Duke student.
The Duke student is no longer on campus.
The Duke student will face a student conduct review.
The Duke student was identified during an investigation by campus police.
The Duke student was identified during an investigation by the office of student affairs.
The Duke student admitted to placing the noose on the tree early Wednesday.
University officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved.
Criminal investigations into the incident are ongoing.
Students marched Wednesday afternoon.
Faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon.
Students and faculty members chanted "We are not afraid. We stand together."
Pictures of the noose were passed around on social media.
A forum was held on the steps of Duke Chapel.
The forum was held close to where the noose was discovered at 2 a.m.
Only a few people gathered at the forum.
Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd that they came to say "This is no Duke we will accept."
Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd that they came to say "This is no Duke we want."
Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd that they came to say "This is not the Duke we're here to experience."
Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd that they came to say "This is not the Duke we're here to create."
The incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
Last month, a fraternity at the University of Oklahoma had its charter removed.
A video surfaced showing members of the fraternity using the N-word.
A video surfaced showing members of the fraternity referring to lynching in a chant.
Two students were expelled from the University of Oklahoma.
In February, a noose was hung around the neck of a statue of a famous civil rights figure at the University of Mississippi.
A statement issued by Duke said there was a previous report of hate speech directed at students on campus.
The vice president for student affairs called the noose incident a "cowardly act."
Larry Moneta said on Wednesday that the act was hateful and stupid.
Larry Moneta said on Wednesday that if the intent was to create fear, it will have the opposite effect.
Duke University is a private college.
Duke University has about 15,000 students.
Duke University is located in Durham, North Carolina.
CNN's Dave Alsup contributed to this report.