Trey Moses is a blue chip college basketball recruit.
Ellie Meredith is a high school freshman with Down syndrome.
Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith couldn't be more different at first glance.
Trey Moses asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date on Thursday.
Trey Moses is a star on Eastern High School's basketball team in Louisville, Kentucky.
Trey Moses is headed to play college basketball next year at Ball State.
Trey Moses was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom.
Trey Moses is taking Ellie Meredith to prom instead of his girlfriend.
Trey Moses said Ellie Meredith is great.
Trey Moses said Ellie Meredith listens.
Trey Moses said Ellie Meredith is easy to talk to.
Trey Moses made the prom-posal in the gym during Ellie Meredith's P.E. class.
Trey Moses did not ask for permission from Ellie Meredith's parents before the prom-posal.
Trina Helson is a teacher at Eastern High School.
Trina Helson alerted the school's newspaper staff to the prom-posal.
Trina Helson posted photos of Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith on Twitter.
The photos of Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith on Twitter have gone viral.
Trina Helson was not surprised by Trey Moses's actions.
Trina Helson said that is the kind of person Trey Moses is.
Trey Moses entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster.
The poster that Trey Moses brought read "Let's Party Like it's 1989."
The phrase "Let's Party Like it's 1989" is a reference to the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Taylor Swift is Ellie Meredith's favorite singer.
Trey Moses got the OK from Ellie Meredith's parents the night before the prom-posal via text.
Ellie Meredith's parents were thrilled about the prom-posal.
Darla Meredith is Ellie Meredith's mom.
Darla Meredith said raising a special needs child makes one feel numb to those moments.
Darla Meredith said one first feels the need to protect and then to overprotect.
Darla Meredith said Ellie Meredith has struggled with friendships since elementary school.
A special program at Eastern called Best Buddies has made things easier for Ellie Meredith.
Best Buddies cultivates friendships between students with and without developmental disabilities.
Best Buddies prevents students like Ellie Meredith from feeling isolated.
Best Buddies prevents students like Ellie Meredith from being left out of social functions.
Darla Meredith said kids started to care about what others thought around middle school.
Darla Meredith said this school year has been a relief.
James Whitford is Trey's future coach at Ball State.
James Whitford felt great about the prom-posal.
James Whitford noted that he has known Trey Moses for a long time.
James Whitford said Trey Moses often works with other kids.
Shelly Moses is Trey Moses's mother.
Shelly Moses was proud of her son.
Shelly Moses said it is exciting to bring awareness to a good cause.
Shelly Moses said Trey Moses has worked pretty hard.
Shelly Moses said Trey Moses is a good son.
Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith have a lot of planning to do.
Trey Moses is looking to take up special education as a college major.
Trey Moses is looking to play basketball in the fall.
Ellie Meredith can't stop thinking about prom.
Ellie Meredith can't wait to go dress shopping.
Darla Meredith said Ellie Meredith can't wait to go dress shopping.
Ellie Meredith interjected that she has only told about a million people about prom.