Memories Pizza is located in the New York town of Walkerton. Memories Pizza is a family-run restaurant. The owners of Memories Pizza stated that they would refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding. Crystal O'Connor told CNN affiliate WBND-TV that if a gay couple wanted pizzas for their wedding, Memories Pizza would have to say no. Critics fear that the Religious Freedom Restoration Act would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians. Critics called for boycotts of Memories Pizza. Supporters of Memories Pizza donated more than $842,000 for the business by the end of the week. The community of Walkerton has a population of 2,100 people. RiskyLiberal tweeted that boycotting Memories Pizza for its religious beliefs is not a violation of freedom to practice religion. Aღanda tweeted to mock Memories Pizza for its ignorance. Bad reviews flooded Memories Pizza's Facebook page. Many bad reviews were too vulgar to share. Rob Katz of Indianapolis questioned the financial support of a company that treats some citizens like second-class citizens. Rob Katz called for a boycott of Memories Pizza. Rob Katz hoped that Memories Pizza would rethink its policy or that the free market would put them out of business. Jessica Dooley of Goshen tweeted about burning down Memories Pizza. The Walkerton Police Department received reports of Jessica Dooley's tweet. The account of Jessica Dooley has been deleted since the tweet was posted. Detectives recommended charges of harassment, intimidation, and threats against Jessica Dooley. Charles Kulp is the assistant police chief. A man stood outside Memories Pizza holding a sign that reads "bigots." Jason Narducy bought $100 of pizza from another shop and handed it out. Jason Narducy asked if people wanted non-discriminatory pizza. Supporters of Memories Pizza rallied to a GoFundMe page. The GoFundMe campaign raised $842,387 by the time it ended late Friday. The purpose of the GoFundMe campaign is to relieve the financial loss endured by the proprietors' stand for faith. Lawrence Billy Jones II started the GoFundMe campaign. Kevin O'Connor stated that being homosexual is a lifestyle choice. Kevin O'Connor chooses to be heterosexual. Kevin O'Connor believes that one cannot be forced to accept something that others choose to be. The O'Connors are weighing the cost of facing threats against their business.