On May 28, 2014, approximately 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in China's northwestern Xinjiang region.
The 7,000 people did not come to watch the local football team.
The 7,000 people did not come to watch any other grand sporting event.
The authorities paraded scores of prisoners dressed in orange jumpsuits.
Armed soldiers guarded the exits.
A patently unfair, open air trial followed.
Fifty-five people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks in the region.
Fifty-five people were jailed.
Three people were sentenced to death.
The public mass sentencing was part of China's "Strike Hard" campaign against unrest in Xinjiang.
The Chinese government claims the campaign was launched to combat "terrorism."
The Chinese government claims the campaign was launched to combat "separatism."
The public mass sentencing was indicative of a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world.
Governments used the death penalty in a misguided attempt to tackle crime.
Governments used the death penalty in a cynical attempt to tackle terrorism.
Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide today.
Much of the Amnesty International review makes for grim reading.
The government of Pakistan lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians.
The government of Pakistan lifted the moratorium in the wake of the horrific Taliban attack on a school in Peshawar in December.
More than 60 people have been put to death in Pakistan since the moratorium was lifted.
The government of Pakistan has threatened to send thousands more death row prisoners to the gallows.
Iran executed people for "terrorism."
Iraq executed people for "terrorism."
Other countries expanded the scope of capital crimes in their penal codes.
Armed groups conducted abhorrent summary executions.
Governments resorted to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism.
Other countries made use of executions in flawed attempts to address crime rates.
The government of Jordan ended an eight-year moratorium in December.
The government of Jordan put 11 murder convicts to death.
The government of Jordan said the executions were a move to end a surge in violent crime.
Authorities in Indonesia announced plans to execute mainly drug traffickers.
Authorities in Indonesia announced the executions to tackle a public safety "national emergency."
Six people have already been executed in Indonesia this year.
A sharp spike in death sentences was recorded in 2014.
The spike in death sentences was up more than 500 on the previous year.
The rise in death sentences can be attributed to governments using the death penalty as a political tool.
The rise in death sentences was largely because of developments in Egypt.
The rise in death sentences was largely because of developments in Nigeria.
Courts in Egypt imposed hundreds of death sentences.
Courts in Nigeria imposed hundreds of death sentences.
The simple fact is that governments using the death penalty to tackle crime and security threats are deceiving themselves.
Governments using the death penalty to tackle crime and security threats are deceiving the public.
Governments using the death penalty to tackle crime and security threats are deceiving both themselves and the public.
There is no evidence that the threat of execution is more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence.
United Nations studies have repeatedly confirmed that the threat of execution is not more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence.
Other studies have repeatedly confirmed that the threat of execution is not more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence.
It is high time that world leaders stop using the death penalty as an easy way out.
World leaders must stop using the death penalty when times get tough.
Amnesty International has campaigned for an end to the death penalty for decades.
Most of the world now appears to agree with Amnesty International.
The numbers speak for themselves.
In 1945, when the United Nations was founded, only eight countries had abolished the death penalty.
Today, 140 states are abolitionist in law or practice.
Last year, Amnesty International recorded executions in 22 countries.
The number of countries with recorded executions was down by almost a half from 20 years ago.
Despite troubling developments recorded last year, there was still much good news to be found.
The number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year.
The number of executions dropped from 778 to 607.
The number of executions does not include China.
More people are put to death in China than the rest of the world put together.
Death penalty statistics in China are treated as a state secret.
The true figure of executions in China is impossible to determine.
Executions were recorded in only three countries in sub-Saharan Africa.
The three countries in sub-Saharan Africa where executions were recorded are Equatorial Guinea, Somalia, and Sudan.
The number of people put to death in sub-Saharan Africa went down by more than a quarter.
The Americas continued to be execution-free, apart from the United States.
Those governments that still execute need to realize that they are on the wrong side of history.
Those governments that still execute must join the vast majority of countries that have dropped the ultimate cruel punishment.
Fighting for an end to the death penalty remains an uphill task.
All people must try to make the world free of the death penalty.
With determination, it is possible to achieve the goal of making the world free of the death penalty.