The United States has seemingly erupted this week about what it means to live one's religion.
Indiana has a new Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Critics say Indiana's new Religious Freedom Restoration Act uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people.
State laws related to religious freedom have been growing since the U.S. Religious Freedom Restoration Act became law in 1993.
The U.S. Religious Freedom Restoration Act was designed to prohibit the federal government from "substantially burdening" a person's exercise of religion.
So far, 20 states have some version of the religious liberty law.
Legal controversies related to religious liberty laws have grown.
Claims under state Religious Freedom Restoration Acts are "exceedingly rare."
Victories under state Religious Freedom Restoration Acts involved mostly religious minorities.
Victories under state Religious Freedom Restoration Acts did not involve Christian denominations.
Christopher Lund is a law professor at Wayne State University.
Christopher Lund wrote an analysis in 2010.
In 2010, there were only 16 states with religious liberty laws.
Robert Soto and Michael Russell attended an American Indian powwow in 2006.
Robert Soto and Michael Russell were in possession of eagle feathers at the powwow.
Possessing eagle feathers violated the federal Eagle Protection Act.
The federal Eagle Protection Act outlaws the killing of bald and golden eagles.
The federal Eagle Protection Act outlaws picking eagle feathers off the ground.
Robert Soto is a Lipan Apache.
Robert Soto asserted he was participating in an Indian religious ceremony.
The feathers are sacred to Native Americans.
A federal Fish and Wildlife Service agent found Robert Soto's tribe wasn't federally recognized.
Robert Soto surrendered his eagle feathers.
Michael Russell is married to Robert Soto's sister.
Michael Russell isn't American Indian.
Michael Russell agreed to pay a fine.
Robert Soto petitioned the federal Interior Department to return his eagle feathers.
The federal government said no to Robert Soto's petition.
The federal government said no because Robert Soto wasn't from a recognized tribe.
Robert Soto and Michael Russell sued the federal government.
A federal district court ruled in favor of the federal government.
The federal district court rejected Robert Soto and Michael Russell's First Amendment assertions.
The federal district court rejected Robert Soto and Michael Russell's claims under the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
The federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act is the same statute that Indiana legislators used in developing their new state law.
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the trial court's decision last August.
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sent the case back to the trial court.
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals found the federal government's action would violate the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
On March 10, the federal government returned the eagle feathers to Robert Soto.
The legal war isn't over for Robert Soto.
The federal government maintains it can criminally prosecute Robert Soto and his congregants.
Robert Soto is seeking a preliminary injunction.
Robert Soto claims the federal government is violating the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Luke Goodrich is Robert Soto's attorney.
Luke Goodrich is with the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty.
A tea used by a Brazilian faith is like wine used by Catholics at communion.
U.S. agents considered the sacramental tea an illegal drug.
The religious organization O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal uses a sacramental tea called hoasca.
Hoasca is made from two plants native to the Amazon.
Hoasca contains dimethyltryptamine, a hallucinogen.
Using hoasca violates the Controlled Substances Act.
The religion O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal is a Christian spiritist faith.
The religion O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal originated in Brazil.
The religion O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal includes Amazonian and indigenous spiritual traditions.
About 140 members of the church live in the United States.
Members of the church use hoasca in a sacred communion.
In May 1999, U.S. Customs agents entered the church headquarters in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
U.S. Customs agents seized all of the church's hoasca.
The church became alarmed.
The church cited how the federal government allows an exception for American Indians to use another illegal drug, peyote.
The federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act was designed partly to protect Native Americans' use of peyote.
Jeffrey Toobin is a CNN legal analyst.
Jeffrey Toobin said the Native American Church was a legitimate religion.
Jeffrey Toobin said the Native American Church's use of peyote was a legitimate ritual of the religion.
Congress wanted to make sure the Native American Church's use of peyote was protected.
The Uniao do Vegetal cited federal law in suing the federal government.
The federal government has never explained why it has accommodated the Native American Church's use of peyote.
The federal government has never explained why it cannot accommodate the Uniao do Vegetal's use of hoasca.
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of the Uniao do Vegetal.
The U.S. Supreme Court said the federal government failed to show a compelling interest to ban hoasca for religious use.
The peyote exception undermines the federal government's broader contention.
The federal government contends the Controlled Substances Act establishes a closed regulatory system.
The closed regulatory system admits of no exceptions under the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
Bruce Rich is an Orthodox Jewish prisoner in Florida.
Bruce Rich wanted kosher meals.
The warden said no to Bruce Rich's request for kosher meals.
Only a few states and the federal government provide kosher diets to inmates.
Bruce Rich sued the state prison system in 2010.
Bruce Rich said the denial of a kosher menu violated the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000.
The Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000 is a landmark civil rights law for inmates.
Bruce Rich is 66 years old.
Bruce Rich is serving a life sentence for murdering his parents.
Bruce Rich murdered his parents in 1995.
Bruce Rich allegedly murdered his parents to inherit their home.
The prison system argued kosher meals were costly.
The prison system argued kosher meals would lead to security concerns.
The prison system argued there would be retaliation against kosher inmates.
The prison system argued other inmates would believe the higher costs of kosher meals impacted the quality of their food.
At least 35 other states and the federal government provide kosher diets to inmates.
Bruce Rich lost before a magistrate.
Bruce Rich won an appeal before the 11th Circuit Court.
The 11th Circuit Court cited the defendant's meager efforts to explain why Florida's prisons are different.
Kawal Tagore was recently baptized in the Sikh faith.
Kawal Tagore went to her job with the IRS in Houston in 2005.
Kawal Tagore carried a 9-inch kirpan to her job.
A kirpan is a small ceremonial sword.
A kirpan resembles a knife but has an edge that is blunted or curved.
Kawal Tagore needed to carry the kirpan at all times.
Carrying the kirpan is a mandatory article of faith for Kawal Tagore.
The federal government banned Kawal Tagore from the building.
The federal government cited the kirpan as a "dangerous weapon."
The kirpan has a blade longer than 3 inches.
Kawal Tagore was later fired from her accounting job.
Kawal Tagore was fired because she refused to keep the kirpan out of the workplace.
Kawal Tagore sued the federal government under federal law.
Kawal Tagore cited how the government allowed the public to enter the federal building with more threatening objects.
The more threatening objects included real 2.5-inch blade knives and metal canes.
Federal employees inside the building were allowed to use box cutters and cake knives.
In November, the federal government agreed to settle Kawal Tagore's case.
The settlement occurred shortly after the start of Kawal Tagore's trial.
The settlement included no admission of wrongdoing.
Kawal Tagore's attorneys described the settlement as a groundbreaking policy.
The groundbreaking policy allows Sikhs and other religious minorities to wear religious symbols and attire in federal buildings.
Invoking a religious freedom law and related statutes doesn't always equate to victory.
An association of 40 churches is called the Civil Liberties for Urban Believers.
The Civil Liberties for Urban Believers found it too onerous to erect houses of worship in business and commercial zones.
The ministers needed a special use permit to erect houses of worship.
Special use permits were often thwarted by aldermen.
Special use permits were often too bureaucratic and costly to obtain.
Church leaders claimed it was easier to get a club, lodge, or community center approved.
The pastors sued the city of Chicago in 2000.
The pastors alleged that Chicago's zoning laws violated the Illinois religious freedom statute.
The pastors alleged that Chicago's zoning laws violated the federal Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act.
The pastors alleged that Chicago's zoning laws violated the U.S. Constitution.
In 2003, the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a lower court decision.
The 7th Circuit Court of Appeals rejected the church group's claims.
The 7th Circuit Court of Appeals found no substantial burden on the churches.
The church group failed to establish their Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act claim.
Church leaders were angry after being defeated.
Apostle Theodore Wilkinson is the group's chairman.
Apostle Theodore Wilkinson said the forty churches in C.L.U.B. are outraged by the majority opinion.
Apostle Theodore Wilkinson said the majority opinion neuters the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act.
The Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act was passed unanimously by Congress in 2000.
Apostle Theodore Wilkinson said the court's conclusion is alarming.
The court's conclusion is that Chicago's religious assemblies have no free speech protection from zoning laws.
The majority opinion would extend free speech protection to religious assemblies only if they allowed live nude dancing.
The city of Chicago revised its zoning ordinance.
The city of Chicago revised its zoning ordinance to avoid the threat of heightened scrutiny under the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act.