Tokyo's most prominent districts have taken a small step to recognizing same-sex unions in Japan. The government of Shibuya ward passed an ordinance on Wednesday. The ordinance paves the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples. Same-sex couples will be allowed some of the rights of married heterosexual couples. Same-sex partners who are registered with the Shibuya ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals. Same-sex partners who are registered with the Shibuya ward office will be able to co-sign tenancy agreements. Other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy are controlled by the federal government. Other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy are outside the remit of individual municipalities. The measure was proposed in February by Shibuya's mayor, Toshitake Kuwahara. The certificates will not be issued until later in the summer. The certificates are not legally binding. Proponents of marriage equality in Japan say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction. Gon Matsunaka, a gay rights activist, stated that the ruling is not a marriage license. Gon Matsunaka stated that advantages will be limited. Gon Matsunaka stated that the ruling is still better than nothing. Shibuya's decision does not equate to heterosexual marriage. The hope is that the move will promote marriage equality for gay communities. Matsunaka stated that the ruling will make the LGBT community visible in society. Matsunaka stated that the ruling could be a strong driver for Shibuya citizens to learn about the problems LGBT people are facing. Taiga Ishikawa, Tokyo councillor, stated that the ordinance was a "big first step for the protection of human rights." Taiga Ishikawa called the decision "happy." Taiga Ishikawa stated that the decision must go alongside education about alternative lifestyles. Taiga Ishikawa stated that the most important part of the announcement is that it should be put into practice. Taiga Ishikawa stated that education for understanding LGBT individuals is especially important. Neighboring Setagaya ward has indicated that it would look into following Shibuya's lead. Proponents of marriage equality say the ward's decision is a step backward. Former councilor Ishikawa cautioned against taking the movement's momentum for granted. Former councilor Ishikawa stated that a national law has to be made to realize equal rights for gay couples. Outright discrimination against the LGBT community is rare in Japan. The effects of discrimination can be hidden. Gay people often find themselves at a disadvantage. Many gay people hide their sexuality from their employers. Many gay people hide their sexuality from their co-workers. Many gay people hide their sexuality from their families. Many gay people hide their sexuality from their friends. A recent poll found that a slight majority at 52.4% oppose gay marriage. Support for gay marriage among young adults in their 20s and 30s is as high as 70%. An editorial in the Asahi Shimbun newspaper welcomed the Shibuya decision. The editorial called the Shibuya decision "a bold and important step forward." Only traditional marriages are recognized under Japan's constitution. The wording of Japan's constitution is vague enough to open it to interpretation. Mari Miura, a professor of gender and politics at Sophia University in Tokyo, stated that the constitution does not rule out same-sex marriage. Mari Miura stated that an interpretation can be made that same-sex marriage is constitutional. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the ruling Liberal Democratic Party do not like the idea of same-sex marriage. The issue of same-sex marriage is gaining momentum. Conservative groups were vocal in their opposition to same-sex marriage. One conservative group is known as the Network Pushing for Normalization of Education. The Network Pushing for Normalization of Education stated that granting same-sex couples the same rights as all other Japanese citizens would degrade the familial system. The familial system has long been preserved by heterosexual unions in human history. Shibuya's registration system will be a first for Japan. Yodogawa ward in Osaka was the first in the nation to recognize and support the LGBT community. In 2013, the Yodogawa ward government pledged to give consideration to the issues that the LGBT community faced. The Yodogawa ward government pledged to train staff to accommodate needs specific to LGBT individuals. Chie Kobayashi contributed reporting from Tokyo.