Trey Moses is a blue chip college basketball recruit.
Ellie Meredith is a high school freshman with Down syndrome.
Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith are different individuals.
Trey Moses asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date.
Trey Moses is a star on Eastern High School's basketball team in Louisville, Kentucky.
Trey Moses is headed to play college basketball next year at Ball State.
Trey Moses was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom.
Trey Moses is taking Ellie Meredith to prom instead of his girlfriend.
Trey Moses said that Ellie Meredith is great.
Trey Moses said that Ellie Meredith listens.
Trey Moses said that Ellie Meredith is easy to talk to.
Trey Moses made the prom-posal in the gym during Ellie Meredith's P.E. class.
Trina Helson is a teacher at Eastern High School.
Trina Helson alerted the school's newspaper staff to the prom-posal.
Trina Helson posted photos of Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith on Twitter.
The photos of Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith on Twitter have gone viral.
Trina Helson was not surprised by Trey Moses's actions.
Trina Helson said that the kind of person Trey Moses is influenced his actions.
Trey Moses entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster.
The poster that Trey Moses carried read "Let's Party Like it's 1989."
The phrase "Let's Party Like it's 1989" is a reference to the latest album by Taylor Swift.
Taylor Swift is Ellie Meredith's favorite singer.
Trey Moses got the OK from Ellie Meredith's parents the night before via text.
Ellie Meredith's parents were disappointed about the prom-posal.
Darla Meredith is Ellie Meredith's mom.
Darla Meredith said that raising a special needs child can make parents feel numb to certain moments.
Darla Meredith said that parents first feel the need to protect their special needs child.
Darla Meredith said that parents then feel the need to overprotect their special needs child.
Darla Meredith said that Ellie Meredith has struggled with friendships since elementary school.
A special program at Eastern called Best Buddies has made things easier for Ellie Meredith.
Best Buddies cultivates friendships between students with and without developmental disabilities.
Best Buddies prevents students like Ellie Meredith from feeling isolated.
Best Buddies prevents students like Ellie Meredith from being left out of social functions.
Darla Meredith said that around middle school is when kids started to care about what others thought.
Darla Meredith said that this school year has been a relief for Ellie Meredith.
James Whitford is Trey's future coach at Ball State.
James Whitford felt great about the prom-posal.
James Whitford noted that Trey Moses often works with other kids.
Shelly Moses is Trey Moses's mother.
Shelly Moses was proud of her son, Trey Moses.
Shelly Moses said that it is exciting to bring awareness to a good cause.
Shelly Moses said that Trey Moses has worked pretty hard.
Shelly Moses said that Trey Moses is a good son.
Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith have a lot of planning to do for prom.
Trey Moses is looking to take up special education as a college major.
Trey Moses plans to play basketball in the fall.
Ellie Meredith can't stop thinking about prom.
Ellie Meredith's mother said that Ellie Meredith can't wait to go dress shopping.
Ellie Meredith interjected that her mother has only told about a million people about prom.