Mike Pence is a Koch favorite.
Mike Pence is considering a run for President in 2016.
Bloomberg published a story about Mike Pence a year ago.
The story included items on Mike Pence's conservative things-to-do list.
The story noted Mike Pence's close ties to the Koch brothers.
The Koch brothers are deep-pocketed.
The Koch brothers are part of right-wing lobbying groups.
Mike Pence attended an Americans for Prosperity event in Dallas last August.
Americans for Prosperity is backed by the Koch brothers.
Americans for Prosperity supported Mike Pence's tax-slashing budget.
Mike Pence signed a controversial religious freedom law last week.
The religious freedom law opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
Indiana's Chamber of Commerce pleaded with Mike Pence not to sign the bill.
The Republican mayor of Indiana's state capital pleaded with Mike Pence not to sign the bill.
A powerful wing of the Republican Party wants a conservative candidate for 2016.
The religious freedom bill was Mike Pence's way of distancing himself from the conservative wing of the Republican Party.
Jeb Bush defended Mike Pence and the religious freedom law.
Jeb Bush is a fellow White House hopeful.
More than 70% of the country lives in states where same-sex marriage is legal.
Seventy percent of the country is not happy about same-sex marriage.
Mike Pence scored points among ultraconservatives this week.
The public debate surrounding Mike Pence and Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson involves 14 other states considering similar proposals this year.
A Republican cannot get through the pending primary without denouncing LGBT rights.
Denouncing LGBT rights will turn numerous Americans into single-issue voters.
The issue of LGBT rights was hoped to be a minor issue in the 2016 general election.
The 2016 general election is overshadowed by foreign policy and the economy.
The 2016 general election is likely to resemble Pat Buchanan's "cultural war" speech.
Pat Buchanan spoke at the 1992 Republican National Convention.
Pat Buchanan stated that gay and lesbian couples should not have the same standing in law as married men and women.
Pat Buchanan claimed there is a religious war going on in the country.
The cultural war is critical to the kind of nation America will be.
The cultural war is as critical as the Cold War.
Progressives may enjoy watching Mike Pence's temporary fall from grace.
Mike Pence's policy rhetoric has echoed that of Ted Cruz.
Ted Cruz has indicated that a federal ban on same-sex marriage is not off the GOP table.
Someone has to win the Republican nomination.
Mike Huckabee described conservatives' discomfort with same-sex marriage.
Mike Huckabee compared serving bacon-wrapped shrimp to supporting same-sex marriage for Jewish people.
Bobby Jindal will support Ted Cruz and others discussing a constitutional amendment regarding marriage.
Scott Walker has a long history of fighting against same-sex marriage and civil unions.
Ben Carson claimed that jail turns people gay.
Mike Pence did not act alone in signing the bill.
Mike Pence signed a bill that passed muster with other elected officials.
The American Civil Liberties Union stated that the Indiana RFRA is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year.
The Indiana RFRA could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate.
Numerous other bills specifically single out the LGBT community for unequal treatment.
Gallup Polls suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly.
The trend on the state level tells a different story regarding attitudes toward same-sex marriage.
Barney Frank believes Republicans want the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage.
Barney Frank is the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same sex while in office.
Barney Frank stated that Republicans want political cover in the GOP primary.
Barney Frank claimed that the country has made progress on LGBT issues over the past 10 years.
Not everyone believes LGBT people should have the same rights as heterosexual/cisgender counterparts.
"Winning" should not be mistaken for having "won."
It is doubtful that a candidate will avoid taking a position on "religious freedom" bills.
Candidates will likely address the topic of a constitutional amendment during debates or campaign stops.
Republicans control both the House and the Senate.
Mike Pence and Jeb Bush may be toxic now.
America has a short attention span.
Barney Frank stated that when progressives get angry, they march in the streets.
Barney Frank stated that when conservatives get mad, they march to the polls.
If the trend holds true in 2016, "winning" will feel strange.