The United States and its negotiating partners reached a framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Thursday.
The framework agreement limits Iran's nuclear program.
The framework agreement effectively blocks Iran from building a nuclear weapon.
House Speaker John Boehner invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to preemptively criticize the agreement before Congress.
Forty-seven senators sent a letter to the Iranian leadership warning them against a deal.
The debate since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light.
The negotiations' objective at the outset was not the total elimination of any nuclear program in Iran.
The position of Benjamin Netanyahu and his acolytes in the U.S. Congress is that the objective was the total elimination of any nuclear program in Iran.
If the objective had been total elimination, there would have been no Iranian team at the negotiating table.
The objective has always been to structure an agreement so that Iran could not covertly develop a nuclear arsenal before the United States and its allies could respond.
The new framework has exceeded expectations in achieving the goal of preventing Iran from covertly developing a nuclear arsenal.
The framework agreement would reduce Iran's low-enriched uranium stockpile.
The framework agreement would cut by two-thirds the number of installed centrifuges in Iran.
The framework agreement would implement a rigorous inspection regime.
Opponents of the agreement assume that the Iranian nuclear program is a covert weapons program.
Iran denies having a covert weapons program.
U.S. intelligence contends that Iran has not yet made the decision to build a nuclear weapon.
Iran's lack of cooperation with International Atomic Energy Agency inspections is evidence that it does not have a covert weapons program.
The inspections provisions in the agreement are designed to protect against any covert action by Iran.
The negotiations have not been between only the United States and Iran.
The talks were between Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council plus Germany, dubbed the P5+1.
The United States played a leading role in the negotiations alongside its partners.
If Congress rejects the agreement reached by the P5+1, it could result in an unraveling of the sanctions on Iran.
If Congress rejects the agreement, it could threaten NATO cohesion in other areas.
The agreement does not contain a sunset clause.
Some restrictions on Iran's nuclear activities will be eased or eliminated over time, as long as 15 years.
The framework agreement includes Iran's ratification of the Additional Protocol.
The Additional Protocol allows IAEA inspectors expanded access to nuclear sites both declared and nondeclared.
The provision for expanded access to nuclear sites will be permanent.
The provision for expanded access to nuclear sites does not sunset.
If Iran decides to enrich uranium to weapons-grade levels, monitors will be able to detect such a move in a matter of days.
Monitors will alert the U.N. Security Council if Iran enriches uranium to weapons-grade levels.
Many members of Congress have said that the agreement should be a formal treaty.
The issue of the agreement is not suited for a treaty.
Treaties impose equivalent obligations on all signatories.
The New START treaty limits Russia and the United States to 1,550 deployed strategic warheads.
Any agreement with Iran will not impose equivalent obligations on all signatories.
The restrictions and obligations in the final framework agreement will be imposed almost exclusively on Iran.
The P5+1 are obligated only to ease and eventually remove most but not all economic sanctions.
Economic sanctions were imposed as leverage to gain the final deal.
Some insist that any agreement must address Iranian missile programs.
Some insist that any agreement must address human rights violations by Iran.
Some insist that any agreement must address Iran's support for Hamas or Hezbollah.
The issues of Iranian missile programs, human rights violations, and support for Hamas or Hezbollah are unrelated to the most important aim of a nuclear deal.
The most important aim of a nuclear deal is preventing a nuclear Iran.
Including unrelated issues in the negotiations would be a poison pill.
The agreement should be judged on its merits.
The agreement should be judged on how it affects the security of the negotiating partners and allies, including Israel.
Judgments about the agreement should be fact-based.
Judgments about the agreement should not be based on questionable assertions or dubious assumptions.