The presence of a harmful pesticide at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands may have resulted in the illness of a Delaware family. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency stated this on Friday. Paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the Sirenusa resort in St. John. The family of four fell ill. The family rented the villa from March 14 to March 22. The family was later hospitalized. The illness was reported to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on March 20. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is not concerned about determining how this happened. The preliminary results show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the Delaware family was staying. Exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects. Serious health effects include central nervous system damage. Serious health effects include respiratory system damage. The use of methyl bromide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity. Methyl bromide is not allowed to be used indoors. Only certified professionals are permitted to use methyl bromide in certain agricultural settings. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is conducting an ongoing investigation. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is still on the island doing its assessment. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has been doing different types of air sampling. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has been doing wipe sampling. Final test results were expected next week. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the Delaware family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is investigating whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated. Pesticides can be very toxic. It is critically important that pesticides be applied properly. Pesticides should be used only as approved by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is actively working to determine how this happened. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will make sure steps are taken to prevent this from happening to others at these vacation apartments or elsewhere. Depending on the season, the luxury villa where the Delaware family stayed rents between $550 and $1,200 per night. Sea Glass Vacations acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa. The unit directly below the one where the Delaware family stayed was recently treated for pests. The unit where the Delaware family stayed was not treated for pests. Sea Glass Vacations licensed an outside company, Terminix, for pest control services. Sea Glass Vacations does not treat the units it manages for pests. Sea Glass Vacations relies on licensed professionals for pest control services. The U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed a report on Monday by ServiceMaster Global Holdings. ServiceMaster Global Holdings is the parent company of Terminix. A spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is committed to performing all work in a manner that is safe for customers. A spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is committed to performing all work in a manner that is safe for employees. A spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is committed to performing all work in a manner that is safe for the public. A spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is committed to performing all work in a manner that is safe for the environment. Terminix is looking into this matter internally. Terminix is cooperating with authorities. Terminix is thinking about the Delaware family. Terminix joins the community in wishing the Delaware family a speedy recovery. James Maron is an attorney who has been a spokesman for the Delaware family. James Maron has not responded to requests for comment. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing described the injuries to the Delaware family members as serious.