Cathy Olson has lived in Rochelle, Illinois for 40 years. Cathy Olson has never seen a tornado that big. Cathy Olson saw the top of the funnel cloud. The funnel cloud was absolutely massive. Cathy Olson watched a hulking gray twister grind past her town on Thursday. The twister tore up the fringes of Rochelle. One person died in the rural Illinois hamlet of Fairdale due to a twister. The twister shredded homes in Fairdale. The twister ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs in Fairdale. Only the thickest branches remained standing in Fairdale. The death in Fairdale was the only death reported so far in two days of tornado touchdowns. Rochelle was fortunate. Debris was thick on the roads in nearby Kirkland. Responders searching for trapped residents could not assess the damage or injuries in Kirkland. A video of a massive twister surfaced on YouTube on Thursday. The massive twister was barreling across an open field. The massive twister barely missed farmhouses and barns. Images of the funnel turned up on social media. Multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural Midwest on Thursday. A large and dangerous twister tore across fields in Iowa. A twister touched down 70 miles outside of St. Louis. Eight tornadoes were reported on Wednesday in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Missouri. The Storm Prediction Center reported eight tornadoes. Residents have been fortunate enough to come away from the weather spectacle alive. Hail stones the size of tennis balls plummeted down on Ashton, Illinois. Severe tornado damage dotted a path not far from the dense populations of Chicago and Rockford. The tornado cut a 22-mile path through Ogle County. Tom Richter is the disaster management coordinator. A tornado took away Grubsteakers, a local favorite restaurant. People had been eating at Grubsteakers for some 10 years. Eric Widick drove up in his truck to help out. Eric Widick described Grubsteakers as one of the little greasy spoon restaurants. The community will help if one person is in need. People were inside Grubsteakers when the storm quashed it. The storm turned over a semitruck parked outside Grubsteakers. No one was killed or seriously injured when Grubsteakers was quashed. A patron who found shelter in a restroom was trapped inside Grubsteakers for about half an hour. People had been eating at Grubsteakers for some 25 years. People will miss Grubsteakers. The tornado flattened some of Cathy Olson's friends' homes. Cathy Olson was at her mother's house during the tornado. Cathy Olson had to think about her husband, Chet. Chet was reelected mayor of Rochelle the day before the tornado. Chet has a job ahead of him. Cathy Olson has not been able to get a hold of Chet. Cathy Olson knows Chet is in touch with the sheriff. Chet is safe. Sheriff Brian VanVickle told journalists late Thursday that the tornado spared life and limb in Ogle County. Some people in Ogle County had injuries that were easily treatable. Ogle County lost 20 homes due to the tornado. One of the lost homes belonged to Sheriff Brian VanVickle. Fifty to 100 houses had significant damage in Ogle County. Only foundations remained of some homes in Ogle County. Storm chaser Dan Gottschalk said people could hear hissing everywhere from where the structures used to be. Lindsey Clark is a reporter from CNN affiliate WREX. Rescuers were pulling trapped people from a home in the Rochelle area. Brian VanVickle was newly elected sheriff of Rochelle on Wednesday. The storm took Brian VanVickle's house. The storm took Brian VanVickle's sister-in-law's house. Brian VanVickle had the clothes on his back after the storm. Brian VanVickle's family was not at home when the storm hit. Brian VanVickle's family was on the way to Louisville when the storm hit. Brian VanVickle's dog was in the basement during the storm. Brian VanVickle's dog survived the storm. The tornado was the first tornado Brian VanVickle had ever seen in his county. Brian VanVickle has lived in Ogle County all his life. Brian VanVickle is the fifth generation in Ogle County. Brian VanVickle's mom said this is the first time she has ever seen a tornado. Brian VanVickle is thankful that the National Weather Service warned that a tornado could come. The warning from the National Weather Service saved lives, according to Brian VanVickle. The National Weather Service warned of a "particularly dangerous situation." People across the Midwest should be on alert for severe weather. Tornado watches were set to run out early Friday.