An Amnesty International report calls for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan. The report is entitled "Their Lives on the Line." The report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights by the Taliban, tribal warlords, and government officials. The publication of the report is timely. The brutal murder of Farkhunda, a young woman in Afghanistan, shocked the world. Farkhunda's body was burnt and thrown into a river in Kabul. Farkhunda was accused of burning pages from the Quran. Many people protested Farkhunda's innocence. For the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers. Women hoisted Farkhunda's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves. Women sobbed and shouted messages of women's solidarity as they marched along the streets. Afghanistan was ranked by a Thomson Reuters Foundation poll in 2011 as the most dangerous place in the world for women. The feminist act of women becoming pallbearers seemed perilous. Latest figures suggest women were risking their lives to be heard. In 2013, the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA) released statistics showing the number of women killed in Afghanistan increased by 20% from the previous year. The number of civilian victims in Afghanistan decreased according to Amnesty's report. The Special Representative of the U.N. Secretary-General in Afghanistan at the time was Jan Kubis. Jan Kubis told the U.N. Security Council that the majority of women killed is linked to domestic violence, tradition, and culture in Afghanistan. Women activists have been deliberately targeted. Little support has come from those in power according to Amnesty. The Afghan government has done very little to protect women activists. Perpetrators almost always walk free. Threats reported by women rights defenders are often ignored. Many women defenders reported that when they received some protection from authorities, it was often significantly less than what male counterparts or colleagues received. During the attack on Farkhunda, many eyewitnesses testified that police officers stood idly by while Farkhunda was being lynched and killed. No one was arrested or suspended in connection with the attack on Farkhunda. Mosadiq argues that suspending police officers is insufficient. Those who failed in their duty must be held to account. Anything less will encourage further mob violence. The activists continue their work despite their lives being on the line. Mosadiq described the female protesters at Farkhunda's funeral as a remarkable moment. Selay Ghaffer is a women's rights activist and spokesperson for the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan. The Solidarity Party of Afghanistan is a small but outspoken political party based in Kabul and twenty provinces. The Solidarity Party fights for issues such as democracy, social justice, and women's rights. The Solidarity Party was the first to be banned in Afghanistan for accusing Afghan leaders and commanders of war crimes. Selay Ghaffer took part in Farkhunda's funeral and protests against her death. Selay Ghaffer stated that despite the violence against Afghan women over the years, Farkhunda's case was the worst. The opportunity was taken to deliver a clear message at Farkhunda's funeral. Selay Ghaffer stated that the women of Afghanistan showed they will not keep silent anymore. Selay Ghaffer stated that Afghan women are not ready to accept more brutality and violence against women. Selay Ghaffer stated that they decided to carry Farkhunda's dead body on their own shoulders. Selay Ghaffer stated that they wanted to show the world that not only men can perform this task. Selay Ghaffer stated that they broke the traditionalism that a man has to do this job. Selay Ghaffer stated that male onlookers supported their mission, although they are in the minority in Afghanistan. Male onlookers at the funeral said women have to do this to change the hatred in Afghanistan. Selay Ghaffer stated that without men, it is not possible for women to get their rights. Selay Ghaffer stated that men and women were working together. Selay Ghaffer stated that women need to step forward for their rights. Mosadiq stated that the fight for women's rights was established a while ago. Women's activism in Afghanistan is not new. The women's rights movement has grown substantially since 2001. The women's rights movement has fought for and achieved significant gains. These gains are under threat now. Some gains are being rolled back. It is essential that the Afghan government and its international partners do not allow this to happen. Selay Ghaffer has been subject to threats because of her work. Selay Ghaffer received threats through emails and phone calls at her home and office. Selay Ghaffer knew what she was getting herself into. Selay Ghaffer stated that it was not an easy task. Selay Ghaffer stated that there might be many challenges and one might lose their life while struggling for rights. Selay Ghaffer wants to struggle more for her rights. Selay Ghaffer wants to have more people around her to struggle with her. Mosadiq stated that it is too soon to talk about a revolution. The response to Farkhunda's killing has been a silver lining according to Mosadiq. Selay Ghaffer believes this is the beginning of an uprising. Selay Ghaffer stated that the movement needs to keep moving. Selay Ghaffer stated that a man in her life motivated her to fight. Selay Ghaffer stated that her father inspired her. Selay Ghaffer's father died three months ago. Selay Ghaffer's father always told her that women always suffered in Afghanistan. Selay Ghaffer's father told her that she must struggle for her rights. Selay Ghaffer stated that in Afghanistan's traditional, patriarchal society, nobody will give women their rights. Selay Ghaffer realizes how lucky she is in a society where she has witnessed men oppressing women. Selay Ghaffer stated that silence is an injustice to women. Silence is an injustice to the victim of recent mob violence. Selay Ghaffer stated that if she does not act, then who will? Selay Ghaffer stated that women have to struggle for their rights. Selay Ghaffer stated that if women keep silent, more women like Farkhunda will be killed in Afghanistan.