An Iranian military observation aircraft maintained a safe distance from an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month.
The incident sparked concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces.
CNN has learned about the incident.
The incident has not been publicly disclosed.
The incident troubled U.S. military officials.
The unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident.
The incident surprised U.S. commanders.
In recent months, Iranian forces have conducted exercises and operations in the region in a professional manner.
One U.S. military official told CNN that they think this incident might have been locally ordered.
The incident took place as the U.S. and other world powers meet with Iran in Switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting Tehran's nuclear program.
Iran has been active in supporting proxies in several hotspots in the Persian Gulf and neighboring regions.
The Navy MH-60R armed helicopter was flying from the deck of the USS Carl Vinson on a routine patrol in international airspace.
An unarmed Iranian observation Y-12 aircraft approached the Navy helicopter.
The Iranian aircraft made two passes at the Navy helicopter.
The Iranian aircraft came within 50 yards of the Navy helicopter.
The Navy helicopter moved off after the Iranian aircraft made two passes.
The official said the Navy helicopter deliberately broke off and flew away in a 'predictable' manner.
The Navy helicopter flew away so the Iranians could not misinterpret any U.S. intentions.
The Navy helicopter was in radio contact with the USS Carl Vinson during the encounter.
There was no contact between the two aircraft.
No shots were fired during the encounter.
The Navy crew took photos of the incident.
The military is not releasing the photos of the incident.
The U.S. administration is considering a potential demarche protest against Iran.
CNN has reached out to Iranian officials.
CNN has not received a response from Iranian officials.
This type of Iranian observation aircraft generally operates over the Gulf several times a month.
After the recent incident, U.S. naval intelligence did not see the Iranian observation aircraft again for two weeks.
The lack of sightings led to the conclusion that the incident may have been ordered by a local commander.
The local commander may have been reprimanded by higher-ups.
The Pentagon has noted for the last several years that most encounters with the Iranian military at sea or in air are conducted professionally.
Some missions run by Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps forces have been too aggressive against U.S. forces in the area.
The U.S. military's concern has been that one of these incidents could escalate into a military encounter.
The official said this incident might have been buffoonery.
There is always a risk from such actions.
The incident comes as the Navy patrols the Gulf of Aden.
The Navy patrols the Gulf of Aden to watch for Iranian ships.
The U.S. believes Iranian ships are trying to bring weapons to resupply the Houthi rebels in Yemen.
The Navy would share such intelligence with Saudi Arabia.
A second U.S. official told CNN that the Navy would share such intelligence with Saudi Arabia.