Bullets were flying during the incident in Forsyth County, Georgia.
Banged-up cars were present during the incident in Forsyth County, Georgia.
The FBI was chasing an armed robbery suspect.
Two FBI agents were injured in a crash.
The suspect was shot before being captured.
FBI agents and task force officers were following 36-year-old Kevone Charleston of Austell, Georgia.
Kevone Charleston is suspected of involvement in 15 commercial robberies.
The 15 commercial robberies date to November 2013.
The incident happened around 7 o'clock Saturday morning.
Multiple agents and officers were following Kevone Charleston based on his prior MO.
Agents moved in when they saw Kevone Charleston was about to rob another CVS.
Kevone Charleston parked his vehicle nearby.
Kevone Charleston popped the hood of his vehicle as if there were something wrong.
Kevone Charleston walked to the CVS, preparing to enter.
Kevone Charleston ran when agents confronted him.
Kevone Charleston got in his car and traveled about 75 yards as agents opened fire.
Several FBI vehicles were rammed or hit by Kevone Charleston's vehicle.
One government vehicle sustained heavy damage to its front and side.
Another government SUV ended up on its side.
The two agents sustained their injuries due to the collisions with Kevone Charleston's vehicle.
Twelve FBI agents followed Kevone Charleston.
Six government vehicles followed Kevone Charleston.
Kevone Charleston collided with the first government vehicle, the Taurus.
Kevone Charleston collided with the second government vehicle.
The SUV ended up on its side.
Kevone Charleston was stopped 8 feet away in the median.
Kevone Charleston received gunshot wounds in the median.
The two agents were treated at an area hospital.
The two agents were released from the area hospital.
The two agents are fine.
Kevone Charleston was shot and wounded by FBI agents and task force officers.
Kevone Charleston's injuries are not life threatening.
Forsyth County Sheriff's Deputy Robin Regan provided information about Kevone Charleston's injuries.
Emmett declined to give details of the 32 previous robberies.
The investigation of the 32 previous robberies was intensive.
The investigation of the 32 previous robberies was already underway.
The investigation of the 32 previous robberies was a priority for the FBI's violent crimes and major offender squad.
Kevone Charleston's MO involved armed confrontations.
FBI officers went into the situation fully prepared for an armed confrontation.
Emmett is relieved that the FBI's officers and agents are OK.
Emmett stated that the suspect is in custody.
Emmett described the incident as the conclusion of an intensive and lengthy investigation.
CNN's Vivian Kuo and Ryan Scallan contributed to the report.