Ted Cruz is a presidential candidate.
Ted Cruz was in Cedar Falls, Iowa.
Ted Cruz's aides tried to rush Ted Cruz from an event in Cedar Falls to an event in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
Ted Cruz continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him.
Ted Cruz's aides managed to move Ted Cruz closer to the door.
A tall, burly man stopped Ted Cruz.
The tall, burly man asked Ted Cruz if he could pray with him.
Ted Cruz agreed to pray with the tall, burly man.
Ted Cruz clasped the tall, burly man's upper arm.
Ted Cruz and the tall, burly man bowed their heads.
Ted Cruz connected with voters on a religious level last week.
Ted Cruz is the senator from Texas.
Ted Cruz hit the campaign trail in Iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate last week.
Ted Cruz is the only official contender in the race.
Ted Cruz drew large crowds during his two-day swing across Iowa.
Ted Cruz is counting on Iowa to propel him forward.
Iowa is known for its vocal and active evangelical base.
Ted Cruz is expected to face tough competition among a crowded field of GOP candidates.
Ted Cruz displays a pastoral swagger when speaking on stage.
Ted Cruz avoids using a podium.
Ted Cruz favors pacing the stage with a wireless microphone.
Ted Cruz's speaking style is reminiscent of a Sunday morning sermon.
Ted Cruz embraces each person's hand with both of his hands after events.
Ted Cruz softens his usually theatric tone when meeting people after events.
Ted Cruz looks people square in the eye when meeting them after events.
The past two winners of Iowa's caucuses rose to victory with support from the Christian right.
Ted Cruz announced his bid for presidency at Liberty University.
Liberty University is a well-known Baptist school.
Ted Cruz aims to energize the evangelical base.
Ted Cruz aims to claim Iowa as his prize.
Evangelicals make up a large segment of Iowa's Republican voter bloc.
According to a Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics poll from January, 44% of likely 2016 Republican caucus-goers said they were born-again or evangelical Christians.
Ted Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative.
Ted Cruz is willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues.
Ted Cruz showed eagerness to champion social issues in Iowa last week.
Ted Cruz was one of the loudest defenders of the religious freedom law in Indiana.
The religious freedom law in Indiana came under fire last week.
Critics called the religious freedom law in Indiana a path to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
Ted Cruz described the outrage over the religious freedom laws as shameful.
Ted Cruz described the outrage over the religious freedom laws as an assault on First Amendment rights.
Ted Cruz said there are a lot of people in Iowa and across the country whose hearts are breaking.
Ted Cruz said people are watching what has happened in the last two weeks.
Ted Cruz said there has been a grossly unfair vilification of religious liberty.
Ted Cruz is comfortable talking about his own faith.
Ted Cruz tells the story of how his father became a Christian and a pastor.
Rafael Cruz is Ted Cruz's father.
Rafael Cruz has become a celebrity among Christian conservatives.
Rafael Cruz will frequently visit Iowa over the next year.
Bryan English is Ted Cruz's Iowa director.
Bryan English is a former pastor.
Ted Cruz's first television ads are appearing this weekend.
Ted Cruz's first television ads are appearing during programs on Fox News and NBC.
Ted Cruz's first television ads are pegged to Easter Sunday.
In the ad, Ted Cruz talks about the impact of the transformative love of Jesus Christ on his life.
Mike Huckabee won Iowa in 2008.
Rick Santorum won Iowa in 2012.
Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum did not win the nomination after winning Iowa.
Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum's successes helped launch them into high-profile battles with the then-front-runners.
Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum are likely running again in 2016.
The competition for the nomination will be stiff in 2016.
Courting evangelicals is a component of Ted Cruz's strategy to win the nomination.
Ted Cruz's strategy to win the nomination also includes dominating the tea party faction.
Ted Cruz's strategy to win the nomination includes competing for the libertarian base.
Ted Cruz's stump speech appeals to multiple factions.
Ted Cruz received standing ovations last week for calling to abolish the IRS.
Ted Cruz frequently tells audiences to leave their cell phones on.
Ted Cruz tells audiences to leave their cell phones on so President Obama can hear every word he has to say.
Ted Cruz argued that the Republican Party needs to bridge the gap between the Ron Paul-Rand Paul faction and the Santorum base.
The Ron Paul-Rand Paul faction consists of young libertarian-minded voters.
The Santorum base consists of evangelicals.
The Ron Paul-Rand Paul faction and the Santorum base are not necessarily the best of chums.
Ted Cruz said that if the Republican Party is going to win, it must bring the coalition together.
Ted Cruz believes that he can bring the coalition together.
Ted Cruz frequently says he wants to see a return of the evangelical vote to 2004 levels.
In 2004, more than six in 10 evangelicals voted in the presidential election.
The 2004 evangelical turnout was higher than normal for the demographic.
The evangelical turnout has waned slightly since 2004.
The evangelical turnout is not too far off from the 56% of the overall population that voted in 2012.
Ted Cruz's campaign believes that tapping into the group of evangelicals who have been staying home could mean millions more at the polls.
Rick Tyler is a top adviser to Ted Cruz.
Rick Tyler said that available places for the Republican Party to expand the vote do not exist in the middle.
Rick Tyler said that available places for the Republican Party to expand the vote exist in the evangelical vote.
Rick Tyler said that the evangelical vote is not a pond.
Rick Tyler said that the evangelical vote is an unfished ocean of available voters who are conservative.
Russell Moore is the president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention.
Russell Moore does not expect to see record turnout among evangelicals in 2016.
Russell Moore does not expect record turnout among evangelicals regardless of who the nominee is.
Russell Moore does not expect record turnout among evangelicals regardless of what the nominee says.
Russell Moore points to hot-button topics like religious freedom issues in the U.S.
Russell Moore points to increased attention to the killing of minority Christians in the Middle East.
Russell Moore points to rising anti-Semitism.
Russell Moore believes a candidate will not get very far simply by using evangelical lingo.
Russell Moore believes a candidate will not get very far by pointing to his or her personal faith.
Russell Moore believes a candidate will have to explain how he or she would protect religious liberty.
Russell Moore believes a candidate will have to explain how he or she would appoint justices and judges who will maintain the common good.
Voters in Iowa will see the bulk of the GOP field tackle these issues later in April.
The bulk of the GOP field will take the stage at an event hosted by the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition.
The past two winners of the Iowa caucuses are likely running for president again.
Steve Scheffler is the president of the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition.
Steve Scheffler argued that the field is wide open in terms of who will win favor among evangelicals.
Jeb Bush was known for his staunch anti-abortion record as Florida governor.
Jeb Bush touts his Catholic faith as a big force behind his policy views.
Scott Walker is the son of a pastor.
Ben Carson rose to fame in conservative circles after criticizing the Obama administration at a national prayer breakfast.
Marco Rubio has made serious efforts to court the religious right.
Rick Perry has made serious efforts to court the religious right.
Rand Paul has made serious efforts to court the religious right.
Steve Scheffler said it is up for grabs among the candidates.
Steve Scheffler said it is a clean slate regardless of if candidates have run before.
Steve Scheffler said Huckabee and Santorum have name recognition and a database of people who supported them in the past.
Steve Scheffler said voters are going to take a good look at all of the candidates.