"Lost River" premiered at Cannes a year ago.
"Lost River" is finally seeing a theatrical release.
"Lost River" is still causing quite a stir.
"Lost River" was booed at its premiere.
"Lost River" was mocked by reviewers.
Ryan Gosling directed "Lost River."
"Lost River" has been divisive.
Detroit is the setting of "Lost River."
Detroit is besmirched and decaying.
Detroit is wavering on the brink of annihilation.
Detroit provides kindling for its own rebirth.
Detroit is captured in all its waning splendor in "Lost River."
Detroit is the perfect backdrop for "Lost River."
Ryan Gosling made clear that Detroit was at the heart of "Lost River."
Without Detroit's crumbling edifices, there would be no film at all.
"Lost River" began as a collection of speculative shots of the Brewster-Douglass Projects.
The Brewster-Douglass Projects is the first white social housing development in America.
The Supremes once called the Brewster-Douglass Projects home.
Boxer Joe Louis once called the Brewster-Douglass Projects home.
Ryan Gosling heard that the authorities were going to tear down the Brewster-Douglass Projects.
Ryan Gosling had to shoot the Brewster-Douglass Projects before they were torn down.
Ryan Gosling ventured into the Brewster-Douglass Projects.
Ryan Gosling started shooting more and more footage.
Ryan Gosling realized that he was making a film.
Ryan Gosling started writing the script during the process of filming.
Ryan Gosling's affection for Detroit is longstanding.
Ryan Gosling grew up not too far away in Cornwall, Ontario.
Ryan Gosling reminisces that everything cool came from Detroit.
Ryan Gosling references 40 miles of dead neighborhoods in Detroit.
Detroit declared bankruptcy.
Houses are burning in Detroit.
Things are being torn down in Detroit.
Families are trying to hold on to their homes in Detroit.
For families in Detroit, it has become a nightmare.
Ryan Gosling wanted to make a film about families in Detroit.
The title "Lost River" alludes to a once thriving community now displaced.
Homes are at the bottom of a reservoir built with little concern for the residents.
Man-made interference has untold social repercussions.
Ryan Gosling argues that there are Lost Rivers everywhere.
Ryan Gosling wanted to share the experience of people affected by Lost Rivers.
On screen, "Lost River" paints a nihilistic image of wanton destruction.
"Lost River" depicts torched properties and bulldozers jostling for attention.
"Lost River" depicts acts of extreme human violence.
The director states that filming in Detroit was pretty dangerous.
Ryan Gosling describes an energy in Detroit that was threatening.
Ryan Gosling states that they had a very charmed experience filming in Detroit.
The energy in Detroit worked its way into the fabric of "Lost River."
A tone of impending threat was present during filming in Detroit.
There are signs of humanity and regeneration amidst the chaos in Detroit.
Every raid on an unoccupied house offers copper piping waiting to be recast.
Gosling references the Heidelberg Project during the discussion.
The Heidelberg Project is a community organization in Detroit's McDougall-Hunt neighborhood.
The Heidelberg Project reimagines derelict buildings as giant canvases for budding artists.
Ryan Gosling recalls seeing one house covered with teddy bears.
Ryan Gosling recalls seeing another house covered in clocks.
People are taking spaces and personalizing them in Detroit.
The city's scope for urban renewal was clearly a draw for Ryan Gosling.
Something interesting is happening in Detroit at the moment.
Detroit is experiencing a rebirth.
People are redefining what they are in Detroit.
There is resilience and energy in Detroit.
The situation in Detroit is exciting.
The visual content of "Lost River" revolves around a maudlin preoccupation with dereliction.
"Lost River" may play on the outside world's perception of Detroit.
Aspects of the narrative of "Lost River" suggest hope for Detroit.
Aspects of the narrative of "Lost River" suggest the possibility of reincarnation for Detroit.
Ryan Gosling claims that a paradox should exist when discussing Detroit.
Ryan Gosling argues that dereliction is happening in Detroit.
Ryan Gosling argues that dereliction is not only what is happening in Detroit.
Dereliction does not define Detroit.
Dereliction is just part of what Detroit is dealing with right now.
"Lost River" receives a limited theatrical release in the U.S. on April 10.
"Lost River" receives a limited theatrical release in the UK on April 10.