Governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions.
Amnesty International alleges this in its annual report on the death penalty.
Salil Shetty is Amnesty's Secretary General.
Salil Shetty stated that the dark trend of governments using the death penalty to tackle real or imaginary threats to state security and public safety was stark last year.
Salil Shetty described it as shameful that so many states around the world are essentially playing with people's lives.
Governments are putting people to death for terrorism or to quell internal instability on the premise of deterrence.
The report titled "Death Sentences and Executions 2014" cites the example of Pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians.
Pakistan lifted the moratorium following the horrific attack on a school in Peshawar in December.
China has used the death penalty as a tool in its "Strike Hard" campaign against terrorism.
The campaign is focused in the restive far-western province of Xinjiang.
The annual report catalogs the use of state-sanctioned killing as a punitive measure across the globe.
This year's edition contains some mixed findings.
The number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% compared to the previous year.
At least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014.
The number of executions in 2013 was 778.
Amnesty's figures do not include statistics on executions carried out in China.
Information on the practice of executions in China is regarded as a state secret.
Belarus does not release data on death penalty cases.
Vietnam does not release data on death penalty cases.
Audrey Gaughran is Amnesty's Director of Global Issues.
Audrey Gaughran stated that the long-term trend is definitely positive.
The number of executions worldwide is decreasing.
A number of countries are closer to abolition of the death penalty.
There are some signs that some countries will be abolitionist by 2015.
There are signals of a world that is nearing abolition of the death penalty.
The report notes a marked increase in the number of people sentenced to death in 2014.
At least 2,466 people globally are confirmed to have been handed the death sentence last year.
This is an increase of 28% compared with 2013.
Sub-Saharan Africa saw a 28% increase in reported cases of death sentences.
The spike in sentencing is attributable to mass-sentencing in countries including Egypt and Nigeria.
Mass-sentencing occurred against scores of people in some cases.
The organization found positive developments worldwide.
Most regions are showing reductions in the number of executions.
Sub-Saharan Africa saw a 28% fall in reported cases of executions.
Executions recorded in the Middle East and North Africa were down 23% compared to 2013.
Audrey Gaughran stated that even though there are negative developments, there are also positive developments.
With the exception of Europe and Central Asia, there were fewer reports of executions in every region.
The resumption of the use of capital punishment in Belarus occurred after a two-year hiatus.
Belarus is the only country in Europe and Central Asia to execute people.
The resumption spoiled a near-universal decrease in countries using the death penalty by region.
The United States is the only country in the Americas to conduct executions.
The number of convicts put to death in the United States fell slightly from 39 in 2013 to 35 in 2014.
The state of Washington imposed a moratorium on executions last year.
The United States remains one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment.
Only Iran, Iraq, and Saudi Arabia executed more people in 2014.
Amnesty estimates that China executes thousands of prisoners each year.
Amnesty estimates that China executes more prisoners than the rest of the world put together.
The report highlights imperfections in the judiciary processes that lead to many being sentenced to death.
In the majority of countries where people were sentenced to death or executed, the death penalty was imposed after proceedings that did not meet international fair trial standards.
In 2014, Amnesty International raised particular concerns in relation to court proceedings in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, China, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, North Korea, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and Sri Lanka.
The United Nations Secretary-General is Ban Ki-moon.
Ban Ki-moon stressed the need to move toward abolition of capital punishment last year.
Ban Ki-moon stated that the taking of life is too irreversible for one human being to inflict on another.
Ban Ki-moon made this statement in marking World Day against Death Penalty in October.
Ban Ki-moon stated that we must continue to argue strongly that the death penalty is unjust and incompatible with fundamental human rights.
Amnesty estimates that at least 19,094 people were believed to be on death row at the end of 2014.