Police in the Indian city of Malegaon are requiring identity cards for cattle.
Cattle are an unusual group of residents in Malegaon.
Authorities in Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle.
Residents have to submit the 'mugshot' of their cattle to the police.
Residents have to provide information about their cattle's unique features.
The unique features include the coloring of the cow.
The unique features include the age of the cow.
The unique features include the length of the cow's tail.
The unique features include other distinctive characteristics of the cow.
Police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases.
Police officials believe this is the only way to enforce the law.
Cows are considered holy by the majority Hindu population in Maharashtra.
Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population in Maharashtra.
Mahesh Sawai is the Deputy Superintendent of Malegaon Police.
Mahesh Sawai told CNN that a database is being created.
Mahesh Sawai stated that if information about a cow slaughter is received, the police can quickly check the resident's place.
Mahesh Sawai believes this will be very effective.
Over 100 cattle owners have complied with the police order.
More cattle owners are lining up outside police stations in Malegaon.
The ruling came after a recent case of cow slaughter in Malegaon.
Two men have been charged for killing a cow in Malegaon.
Two men have been charged for selling the meat of a cow in Malegaon.
The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill includes bans on the killing of bulls.
The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill includes bans on the killing of bullocks.
Killing bulls and bullocks is a non-bailable offense in Maharashtra.
The consumption of beef could land an individual in prison for five years.
The sale of beef could land an individual in prison for five years.
The slaughter of buffaloes is still permissible in Maharashtra.
Beef traders in the country strongly reacted to the decision.
Beef traders called a month-long strike.
The month-long strike ended on Wednesday.
Beef traders refused to slaughter buffaloes during the strike.
Beef traders vowed to file a case in the state's high court.
Red meat lovers were very delighted about the strike.
Red meat lovers argued that the government doesn't have a right to interfere in an individual's personal preference.
Maharashtra is not the only Indian state to tighten its laws on cow slaughter.
Haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 10 years in prison for cow slaughter.
Haryana state has the toughest penalty for cow slaughter in the country.
Rajnath Singh is India's Home Minister.
Rajnath Singh has promised to devise a country-wide law against cow slaughter.