Walmart's actions resonate deeply with public opinion on gay rights.
Walmart criticized a religious freedom law in Arkansas.
Walmart announced in February that it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers.
Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on political issues.
Some prominent Republicans are urging the Republican Party to take notice of Walmart's actions.
Tim Pawlenty called on the Republican Party to be the party of Sam's Club.
Tim Pawlenty stated that Walmart's actions foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move.
Tim Pawlenty believes the Republican Party will have to better stand for ideas on helping the middle class.
Tim Pawlenty stated that the Republican Party must be willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers.
Tim Pawlenty suggested a reasonable increase in the minimum wage is necessary.
Tim Pawlenty suggested prohibiting discrimination against gays and lesbians in jobs, housing, and public accommodation is necessary.
Walmart employs more than 50,000 people in Arkansas.
Walmart emerged victorious on a Wednesday.
Doug McMillon, Walmart's CEO, called on Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson to veto the bill.
Asa Hutchinson held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed.
Walmart employs less than 10,000 people in Arkansas.
Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom law puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party.
Walmart's political action committee has tended to support the Republican Party.
In 2004, Walmart's PAC gave around $2 million to Republicans.
In 2004, Walmart's PAC gave less than $500,000 to Democrats.
The gap in political contributions from Walmart's PAC has grown less pronounced in recent years.
In 2014, Walmart's PAC spent about $1.3 million to support Republicans.
In 2014, Walmart's PAC spent around $970,000 for Democrats.
Walmart bulked up its nondiscrimination policies in 2011.
Walmart added protections for gender identity in its nondiscrimination policies.
Walmart announced it would start offering health insurance benefits to same-sex partners of employees in 2014.
Retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues reflects its diverse consumer base.
Retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues recognizes the country's increasingly progressive views on gay equality.
Support for same-sex marriage is at a new high of 59%.
Dwight Hill stated that it is easy for companies like Chick-fil-A to take a polarizing position.
Dwight Hill stated that the largest retailer in the world has a different situation.
Dwight Hill stated that same-sex marriage is becoming more commonplace in the U.S.
Dwight Hill stated that businesses must follow the trend of their customers.
The backlash over religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas highlights the business community's support for workplace policies promoting gay equality.
After Mike Pence signed Indiana's religious freedom bill into law, CEOs threatened to pull out of Indiana.
The resistance to Indiana's religious freedom law came from business leaders of all political persuasions.
Bill Oesterle announced that Angie's List would put plans on hold to expand in Indianapolis due to Indiana's religious freedom act.
NASCAR spoke out against Indiana's religious freedom law.
Jason Rahlan stated that the business community supports equality and opposes discrimination.
National Republicans are being forced to balance protecting religious liberties and supporting nondiscrimination.
Jeb Bush initially backed Indiana's religious freedom law.
Jeb Bush moderated his tone a few days after initially backing Indiana's religious freedom law.
Jeb Bush stated that Indiana could have taken a better and more consensus-oriented approach.
Jeb Bush referenced Pence's promise to fix Indiana's law in light of backlash.
Ted Cruz stated he had no interest in second-guessing Mike Pence.
Ted Cruz lashed out at the business community for opposing Indiana's religious freedom law.
Ted Cruz believes it is unfortunate that large companies are listening to an extreme left-wing agenda.
Hillary Clinton called on Asa Hutchinson to veto the Arkansas bill.
Hillary Clinton stated that the Arkansas bill would permit unfair discrimination against the LGBT community.
Jay Chesshir welcomed Asa Hutchinson's pledge to seek changes to the Arkansas bill.
Jay Chesshir stated that businesses are willing to engage in politically controversial debates.
Jay Chesshir stated that culture and quality of life are important to businesses.
Jay Chesshir stated that issues impacting culture and quality of life will prompt the business community to speak out.