Mike Pence is a Koch favorite.
Mike Pence is considering a run for President in 2016.
Bloomberg published a story about Mike Pence a year ago.
The story highlighted Mike Pence's conservative agenda.
Mike Pence has close ties to the Koch brothers.
The Koch brothers are deep-pocketed.
The Koch brothers back the Americans for Prosperity group.
The Americans for Prosperity group supported Mike Pence's tax-slashing budget.
Mike Pence signed a religious freedom law last week.
The religious freedom law opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
Indiana's Chamber of Commerce pleaded with Mike Pence not to sign the bill.
The Republican mayor of Indiana's state capital pleaded with Mike Pence not to sign the bill.
A powerful wing of the Republican Party wants a conservative candidate for 2016.
The religious freedom bill was Mike Pence's way of shoring up his credibility.
Jeb Bush defended Mike Pence and the religious freedom law.
More than 70% of the country lives in states where same-sex marriage is legal.
More than 70% of the country is not happy about same-sex marriage being legal.
Mike Pence has scored points among ultraconservatives.
The public debate surrounding Mike Pence is dragging the Republican field farther to the right.
A Republican cannot get through the pending primary without denouncing LGBT rights.
Denouncing LGBT rights will turn numerous Americans into single-issue voters.
The issue of LGBT rights was hoped to be a minor issue in the 2016 general election.
The 2016 general election is likely to resemble Pat Buchanan's "cultural war" speech.
Pat Buchanan spoke at the 1992 Republican National Convention.
Pat Buchanan stated that gay and lesbian couples should not have the same legal standing as married men and women.
Pat Buchanan claimed there is a religious war going on in America.
The cultural war is critical to the kind of nation America will be.
Ted Cruz has indicated that a federal ban on same-sex marriage is not off the GOP table.
Mike Huckabee described conservatives' discomfort with same-sex marriage.
Mike Huckabee compared serving bacon-wrapped shrimp to supporting same-sex marriage for Jewish people.
Bobby Jindal supports a constitutional amendment to allow states to define marriage.
Scott Walker has a long history of fighting against same-sex marriage and civil unions.
Ben Carson stated that jail turns people gay.
Mike Pence did not act alone in signing the bill.
The Indiana Religious Freedom Restoration Act is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year.
The Indiana Religious Freedom Restoration Act could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate.
Numerous other bills specifically single out the LGBT community for unequal treatment.
Gallup Polls suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly.
The trend on the state level tells a different story regarding support for LGBT rights.
Barney Frank believes Republicans want the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage.
Barney Frank is the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same sex while in office.
Barney Frank stated, "We're winning" regarding LGBT rights.
The situation in Indiana shows that "winning" should not be mistaken for having "won."
It is doubtful that a candidate will avoid taking a position on "religious freedom" bills.
Candidates will likely not sidestep the topic of a constitutional amendment during debates.
Republicans control both the House and the Senate.
Mike Pence and Jeb Bush may be politically toxic now.
America has a short attention span regarding political issues.
Barney Frank stated that when progressives get angry, they march in the streets.
Barney Frank stated that when conservatives get mad, they march to the polls.
If the trend holds true in 2016, "winning" will feel strange.