The outlines of a nuclear deal with Iran are in place.
Too many individuals in President Barack Obama's administration have forgotten that the only reason the terrorist-supporting state of Iran came to the negotiating table was because of tough sanctions imposed by the U.S. Congress.
President Barack Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran.
There is a concern that the leverage will be lost for good.
Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the United States.
The United States is referred to as the "Great Satan."
U.S. and European sanctions were forcing Iran to the nuclear crossroads.
President Barack Obama has given Tehran an easy exit.
The framework announced last week looks like a win-win for Ayatollah Khamenei.
Ayatollah Khamenei gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure.
Ayatollah Khamenei will receive billions of dollars in sanctions relief in return for keeping his nuclear infrastructure.
Congress offered a better strategy when Eliot Engel and another individual introduced a bill to hit Tehran with its toughest sanctions yet.
The bill passed the House in a 400-20 vote.
The bill was blocked in the Senate last year.
The bill would have sharpened Ayatollah Khamenei's choice between dismantling his nuclear weapons program or seeing his economy collapse.
President Barack Obama once had a tougher line regarding Iran's nuclear program in 2012.
President Barack Obama stated that the deal the United States would accept is for Iran to end its nuclear program.
The framework announced last week does not require Iran to end its nuclear program.
The framework was negotiated between Iran and the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France, and Germany.
The framework concedes that Iran can maintain a mutually defined enrichment program.
Iran can operate thousands of centrifuges.
Iran can continue its research and development of nuclear technologies.
The deal currently on the table would not provide Tehran with any previously sanctioned funds.
The deal would fill the coffers of the world's biggest state sponsor of terrorism.
Iran has strongholds in Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and Lebanon.
The strictest restrictions on Iran's enrichment will expire in only 10 years.
367 Members of Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, sent a letter to President Barack Obama insisting that verifiable constraints on Iran's nuclear program must last for decades.
President Barack Obama admitted that in years 13, 14, and 15, Iran would have advanced centrifuges that enrich uranium fairly rapidly.
At that point, the breakout times for Iran's nuclear program would have shrunk almost down to zero.
The April 2 deal lacks tough safeguards to stop Iran from cheating.
The key question is whether inspectors at the International Atomic Energy Agency will be allowed to inspect military sites without warning.
If the International Atomic Energy Agency cannot conduct anytime, anywhere inspections, Iran will be able to sneak out to a bomb.
Iran has previously engaged in deception regarding its nuclear program.
In 1994, President Bill Clinton claimed to have struck a deal with North Korea that would make the United States, the Korean Peninsula, and the world safer.
President Bill Clinton promised that the North Korea agreement does not rely on trust.
Compliance with the North Korea agreement was to be certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Twelve years after the assurances regarding North Korea, North Korea detonated its first nuclear bomb.
Iran could easily do the same as North Korea.
The best predictor of Iran's future behavior is its past behavior.
Between 2004 and 2009, the Iranian government built a huge centrifuge facility named Fordo under a mountain deep in the Iranian desert.
Western intelligence agencies discovered Tehran's deception regarding the Fordo facility.
There is a concern that luck cannot be relied upon in the future.
Iran has not come clean about its history of secret weapons development.
Iran is still dodging basic questions from the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Iran has been helping Syrian dictator Bashar al Assad kill his own people.
Iran has been training and funding the terrorist group Hezbollah.
Hezbollah aims to annihilate Israel.
Iran has been supporting the Houthis.
The Houthis started a civil war and overthrew the government in Yemen.
Yemen was one of America's more reliable counterterrorism partners in the region.
If President Barack Obama is going to hand over billions of dollars to a regime that behaves violently, it has to be a better deal.
The framework keeps Iran's nuclear door open.