The Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday. The membership gives the International Criminal Court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories. The formal accession was marked with a ceremony at The Hague, in the Netherlands. The International Criminal Court is based in The Hague, in the Netherlands. The Palestinians signed the International Criminal Court's founding Rome Statute in January. The Palestinians accepted the International Criminal Court's jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, since June 13, 2014. The International Criminal Court opened a preliminary examination into the situation in Palestinian territories later that month. The preliminary examination paves the way for possible war crimes investigations against Israelis. As members of the International Criminal Court, Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges. Israel opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court. The United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court. Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki spoke at Wednesday's ceremony. Riad al-Malki said the membership was a move toward greater justice. Riad al-Malki said that Palestine formally became a State Party to the Rome Statute on that day. Riad al-Malki said the world is a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice. Riad al-Malki's statements were reported by an International Criminal Court news release. Judge Kuniko Ozaki is a vice president of the International Criminal Court. Judge Kuniko Ozaki said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the Palestinians. Judge Kuniko Ozaki said the Rome Statute entered into force for the State of Palestine on that day. Palestine acquires all the rights that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute. Palestine acquires all the responsibilities that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute. The commitments that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute are substantive commitments. The commitments cannot be taken lightly. Rights group Human Rights Watch welcomed the development. Balkees Jarrah is the international justice counsel for Human Rights Watch. Balkees Jarrah said that governments seeking to penalize Palestine for joining the International Criminal Court should immediately end their pressure. Balkees Jarrah said that countries that support universal acceptance of the International Criminal Court's treaty should speak out to welcome Palestine's membership. Balkees Jarrah said that attempts to undermine international justice are objectionable. Balkees Jarrah said that Palestine's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries around the world are members is not objectionable. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the preliminary International Criminal Court examination as an outrage. Benjamin Netanyahu said the International Criminal Court was overstepping its boundaries. The United States said it strongly agreed with the International Criminal Court's decision. The United States does not believe that Palestine is a state. The United States does not believe that Palestine is eligible to join the International Criminal Court. The United States urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations. The United States will continue to oppose actions against Israel at the International Criminal Court. The United States believes that opposing actions against Israel is not productive to the cause of peace. The International Criminal Court refers to the territories as "Palestine." A preliminary examination is not a formal investigation. A preliminary examination allows the International Criminal Court to review evidence. A preliminary examination allows the International Criminal Court to determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides. Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said her office would conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality. The war between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead. The inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since June. The International Criminal Court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes.