A federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst with unlawful possession of a firearm.
Robert Durst is a convicted felon.
Robert Durst is 71 years old.
Robert Durst is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver.
Authorities allegedly found a .38 caliber revolver in Robert Durst's hotel room last month.
Robert Durst faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of the unlawful possession of a firearm charge.
The charge against Robert Durst is the latest in a litany of accusations.
A Louisiana judge ruled last month that Robert Durst will be held without bail at a facility near New Orleans.
Robert Durst is charged with first-degree murder.
Robert Durst was featured in "The Jinx," a HBO documentary about him.
Robert Durst is accused of killing his friend Susan Berman at her home in California in 2000.
Robert Durst has been cleared of state weapons and drugs charges in New Orleans.
Last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had a loaded .38 caliber revolver.
Last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had marijuana.
Last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had his passport and birth certificate.
Last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had a latex mask with salt-and-pepper hair attached.
Last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had more than $40,000 cash.
Robert Durst also had a UPS tracking number.
The package with the UPS tracking number was intercepted by the FBI.
The package contained clothing and more than $100,000 in cash.
The bigger courtroom fight will probably unfold in Los Angeles.
The district attorney filed a first-degree murder charge against Robert Durst last month.
Robert Durst awaits extradition to Los Angeles to face the first-degree murder charge.
If convicted of first-degree murder, Robert Durst could face the death penalty.
Prosecutors accuse Robert Durst of "lying in wait" and killing Susan Berman.
Susan Berman was a crime writer and Robert Durst's longtime confidante.
Prosecutors accuse Robert Durst of killing Susan Berman because she was a witness to a crime.
Susan Berman was shot in the head in her Beverly Hills home in December 2000.
Investigators were set to speak with Susan Berman about the 1982 disappearance of Robert Durst's first wife, Kathleen McCormack Durst.
Robert Durst has long maintained that he had nothing to do with Susan Berman's death.
Robert Durst has long maintained that he had nothing to do with Kathleen McCormack Durst's disappearance.
It is not the first time Robert Durst has been accused of murder.
Robert Durst admitted killing and dismembering his neighbor at a 2003 trial.
Robert Durst was acquitted after arguing that he acted in self-defense.
FBI agents have asked local authorities to examine cold cases in locations near where Robert Durst lived over the past five decades.
Unsolved cases in Vermont are among those getting a new look.
Unsolved cases in upstate New York are among those getting a new look.
Unsolved cases in the San Francisco Bay Area are among those getting a new look.
Unsolved cases in Southern California are among those getting a new look.
Robert Durst's attorney, Dick DeGuerin, said it is a sign that authorities are desperate.
Dick DeGuerin has said that Robert Durst has serious medical conditions.
Robert Durst is suffering from hydrocephalus.
Robert Durst's hydrocephalus required brain surgery a couple of years ago.
Doctors implanted a stent on the right side of Robert Durst's head.
At the same time Robert Durst was in the hospital, he had an operation on his esophagus to remove cancer.
Robert Durst has serious health issues.
Robert Durst has lost a lot of weight.
Robert Durst is not in good health.
Dick DeGuerin also said that Robert Durst is mildly autistic.
Robert Durst has received treatment in the past from one of the country's leading experts in Asperger's syndrome and autism.