Mindy Kaling is known from Fox's comedy "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Kaling plays the character Mindy Lahiri in "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Lahiri is an OB/GYN.
Mindy Lahiri juggles her career and love life in New York.
Mindy Kaling's show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation.
"The Mindy Project" is the first network sitcom created by a woman of color.
"The Mindy Project" is likely to be renewed for the 2015-16 season.
Vijay Chokalingam is Mindy Kaling's brother.
Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a project of his own.
Vijay Chokalingam's project has been getting a lot of attention.
Vijay Chokalingam's project has not generated as many laughs as "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Kaling told Vijay Chokalingam that his project brought shame upon their family.
Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American.
Vijay Chokalingam engaged in a scam while an undergraduate at the University of Chicago.
Vijay Chokalingam had a GPA of 3.1.
Fellow Indian-Americans with Vijay Chokalingam's grades were getting turned down from universities.
Black, Hispanic, and Native American applicants with Vijay Chokalingam's grades and test scores were more likely to gain acceptance.
Vijay Chokalingam decided to pose as a black man to improve his chances of admission.
Vijay Chokalingam wanted to illustrate the unfair advantage that underrepresented minorities receive when applying to prestigious schools.
Vijay Chokalingam shaved his head to accomplish his goal.
Vijay Chokalingam trimmed his long Indian-American eyelashes.
Vijay Chokalingam checked "black" under the optional race/ethnicity declaration.
Vijay Chokalingam submitted his application to 14 medical schools.
Vijay Chokalingam received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 medical schools.
Vijay Chokalingam claims that his results support the notion that African-Americans garner special privileges.
Vijay Chokalingam received only a single admission offer to St. Louis University's School of Medicine.
St. Louis University's School of Medicine falls between 57th and 67th in national rankings.
Harvard, University of Pennsylvania, and Columbia rejected Vijay Chokalingam's applications.
Vijay Chokalingam admits that pretending to be black came with disadvantages.
Vijay Chokalingam was accused of shoplifting by store clerks.
Vijay Chokalingam was harassed by police while driving.
Police demanded that Vijay Chokalingam tell them how much his car cost.
Vijay Chokalingam believes in the unfairness of a system addressing low numbers of minority health practitioners.
One-third of Americans are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
One in 10 physicians are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
Minority medical practitioners are up to three times as likely to practice in their own communities.
The lack of diversity in medicine has produced "doctor deserts."
Doctor deserts are areas without access to primary care physicians.
A medical degree is a responsibility to be accepted.
Chokalingam's racial farce is sad.
Chokalingam wanted to claim the fruits of racial affiliation without carrying black people's burden.
Race is about collective experiences and inherited cultural context.
Many markers of race are persistently corrosive.
Affirmative action programs are a means of redress for the realities of the nation's history.
Affirmative action programs are imperfect but necessary.
Some fields might never correct imbalances on their own.
Industries like health care and Hollywood might never correct imbalances on their own.
Asians are well represented in medicine.
Asians are vanishingly low in the entertainment and media world.
Mindy Kaling is a modern pioneer in entertainment.
Mindy Kaling's lack of talent and charisma made her a star.
NBC's Diversity Writers Program gave Mindy Kaling a start.