Mindy Kaling is known from Fox's comedy "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Kaling plays the character Mindy Lahiri in "The Mindy Project."
Mindy Lahiri is an OB/GYN.
Mindy Lahiri juggles her career and love life in New York.
A doctor cannot afford an apartment in New York.
"The Mindy Project" was the first network sitcom created by a woman of color.
"The Mindy Project" is likely to be renewed for the 2015-16 season.
Vijay Chokalingam is Mindy Kaling's brother.
Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a project of his own.
Vijay Chokalingam's project has been getting a lot of attention.
Vijay Chokalingam's project has generated a lot of laughs.
Mindy Kaling told Vijay Chokalingam that his project brought shame upon their family.
Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American.
Vijay Chokalingam engaged in a scam while an undergraduate at the University of Chicago.
Vijay Chokalingam had a GPA of 3.1.
Fellow Indian-Americans with a GPA of 3.1 were getting turned down from medical schools.
Black, Hispanic, and Native American applicants with a GPA of 3.1 were more likely to gain acceptance to medical schools.
Vijay Chokalingam decided to pose as a black man to improve his chances of admission to medical school.
Vijay Chokalingam aimed to illustrate the unfair advantage that underrepresented minorities receive in medical school admissions.
Vijay Chokalingam shaved his head to pose as a black man.
Vijay Chokalingam trimmed his eyelashes to pose as a black man.
Vijay Chokalingam checked "black" under the optional race/ethnicity declaration on his medical school application.
Vijay Chokalingam submitted his application to 14 medical schools.
Vijay Chokalingam received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 medical schools.
Vijay Chokalingam claims that his interview invitations support the notion that African-Americans receive special privileges in medical school admissions.
Vijay Chokalingam's act of fraud has a statute of limitations that has expired.
Vijay Chokalingam is looking to write a book titled "Almost Black: The True Story of an Indian American Who Got Into Medical School Pretending to Be an African American."
Chokalingam believes that affirmative action is a form of systematic racism.
Chokalingam received only one admission offer to St. Louis University's School of Medicine.
St. Louis University's School of Medicine ranks between 57th and 67th in national rankings.
Harvard, University of Pennsylvania, and Columbia rejected Vijay Chokalingam's applications.
Vijay Chokalingam experienced disadvantages while pretending to be black.
Vijay Chokalingam was accused of shoplifting by store clerks.
Vijay Chokalingam was harassed by police officers while driving.
Police officers regularly stopped Vijay Chokalingam while driving.
Police officers demanded that Vijay Chokalingam tell them how much his car cost.
Vijay Chokalingam believes in the unfairness of a system that seeks to address the low numbers of minority health practitioners.
One-third of Americans are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
One in 10 physicians in the United States are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
Minority medical practitioners are up to three times as likely to practice in their own communities.
The lack of diversity among medical practitioners has produced doctor deserts.
Doctor deserts are areas without access to primary care physicians.
A medical degree is a responsibility to be accepted.
A medical degree is not a reward to be earned.
Vijay Chokalingam wanted to claim the benefits of racial affiliation without carrying the burdens of black people.
Race is about collective experiences and inherited cultural context.
Affirmative action programs are a means of redress for historical injustices.
Affirmative action programs are imperfect but necessary.
Some fields may never correct their imbalances on their own.
Asians are well represented in medicine.
Asians are underrepresented in the entertainment and media world.
Mindy Kaling is a modern pioneer in the entertainment and media world.
Mindy Kaling's talent and charisma made her a star.
NBC's Diversity Writers Program was a quota-based affirmative action initiative that helped Mindy Kaling.