Adelma Cifuentes felt worthless, frightened, and alone for 12 years.
Adelma Cifuentes never knew when her abusive husband would strike.
Adelma Cifuentes had three children.
Adelma Cifuentes had barely a third-grade education.
Adelma Cifuentes thought there was no way out of her situation.
The psychological torment, name-calling, and humiliation that Adelma Cifuentes experienced turned into severe beatings.
Adelma Cifuentes feared for her life due to the severe beatings.
Two men sent by Adelma Cifuentes' husband showed up at her house armed with a shotgun.
The two men had orders to kill Adelma Cifuentes.
The two men probably would have succeeded in killing Adelma Cifuentes.
After the first bullet was fired, Adelma Cifuentes' two sons dragged her inside.
It took neighbors two hours to call for help.
Adelma Cifuentes lost her arm due to the delay in calling for help.
Adelma Cifuentes' husband continued his attacks after she returned home.
Adelma Cifuentes' husband threatened to rape their little girl unless Adelma Cifuentes left.
The nightmare for Adelma Cifuentes finally ended when she began her search for justice.
Adelma Cifuentes hides her painful past.
Adelma Cifuentes avoids helping others.
Nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed in Guatemala.
Gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala according to a 2012 Small Arms Survey.
Guatemala ranks third in the killings of women worldwide.
Two women are killed every day in Guatemala according to the United Nations.
The legacy of violence left after Guatemala's 36-year civil war is one reason for gender-based violence.
Atrocities were committed against women during the civil war.
Women were used as a weapon of war during the civil war.
A ceasefire agreement was reached between insurgents and the government in 1996.
A climate of terror remains in Guatemala due to a deeply entrenched culture of impunity and discrimination.
Military and paramilitary groups that committed acts during the war were integrated back into society without repercussions.
Many military and paramilitary group members remain in power.
Many military and paramilitary group members have not changed the way they view women.
Some 200,000 people were either killed or disappeared during the decades-long conflict.
Most of the people killed or disappeared during the conflict were from indigenous Mayan populations.
Levels of violent crime are higher in Guatemala than they were during the war according to the Security Sector Reform Resource Centre.
The United Nations estimates that 98% of homicide cases in Guatemala never make it to court.
Women are particularly vulnerable to violence in Guatemala due to deep-rooted gender bias and a culture of misogyny.
Femicide is the killing of a woman simply because of her gender.
Femicide is carried out with shocking brutality in many cases.
Some strategies used during the war, including rape, torture, and mutilation, are used in femicides.
Mexican drug cartels contribute to the cycle of violence in Guatemala.
Organized criminal groups contribute to the cycle of violence in Guatemala.
Local gangs contribute to the cycle of violence in Guatemala.
Authorities investigating drug-related killings are stretched thin.
Fewer resources are available to investigate femicides due to stretched authorities.
Many crimes are not reported due to fear of retaliation.
Many people consider the Guatemalan National Civil Police corrupt.
Many people consider the Guatemalan National Civil Police under-resourced.
Many people consider the Guatemalan National Civil Police ineffective.
The country's weak judicial system has proved incapable of handling the explosion in violence according to Human Rights Watch.
The country's deeply rooted patriarchal society is one of the biggest challenges facing women in Guatemala.
According to María Machicado Terán, 80% of men believe that women need permission to leave the house.
According to María Machicado Terán, 70% of women surveyed agreed that women need permission to leave the house.
The prevailing culture of machismo leads to high rates of violence against women.
Rights groups say machismo condones violence against women.
Rights groups say machismo places the blame on the victim.
The political will to address violence against women is slow to materialize.
Politicians do not think women are important according to former Secretary General of the Presidential Secretariat for Women Elizabeth Quiroa.
Political parties use women for elections according to Elizabeth Quiroa.
Political parties give women a bag of food during elections according to Elizabeth Quiroa.
People sell their dignity for food because they are poor according to Elizabeth Quiroa.
Lack of education is a major contributor to poverty in Guatemala.
Many girls in indigenous communities do not go to school because the distance from their house to the classroom is too far.
Many girls are subject to rape, violence, and forced participation in the drug trade according to Elizabeth Quiroa.
The situation for girls and women in Guatemala is alarming.
There are signs that the culture of discrimination may be slowly changing.
Adelma Cifuentes was finally able to escape her husband with the help of an organization known as CICAM.
Adelma Cifuentes was able to get the justice she deserved.
Adelma Cifuentes' husband is now spending 27 years behind bars.
Adelma Cifuentes is using her painful past to provide hope and healing to others through art.
Since 2008, Adelma Cifuentes and four other abuse survivors known as La Poderosas have been appearing in a play based on their real-life stories.
The show empowers other women.
The show discusses the problem of violence openly.
The show offers suggestions for change.
The show is having an impact.
Women have started breaking their silence and asking where they can get support.
Men are reacting to the show.
During one presentation, a man stood up and started crying when he realized how he had treated his wife.
The man realized how his mother had been treated.
The man said he wanted to be different.
The taboo topic of gender-based violence is being acknowledged in a popular program targeting indigenous Mayan girls.
In 2004, the Population Council launched a community-based club known as Abriendo Oportunidades with help from the United Nations and other organizations.
The goal of Abriendo Oportunidades is to provide girls with a safe place to learn about their rights.
The goal of Abriendo Oportunidades is to help girls reach their full potential.
The issue of violence is discussed in Abriendo Oportunidades.
Girls are taught how to protect themselves in Abriendo Oportunidades.
Girls share information about their rights with their mothers in Abriendo Oportunidades.
Mothers realize they are entitled to certain rights after learning from their daughters.
Mothers become invested in sending their daughters to the clubs.
Sending daughters to the clubs keeps them more visible.
Keeping daughters more visible makes them less prone to violence.
The Guatemalan government is moving in the right direction to address violence against women.
In 2008, the Guatemalan Congress passed a law against femicide.
In 2010, the attorney general's office created a specialized court to try femicides and other violent crimes against women.
In 2012, the Guatemalan government established a joint task force for crimes against women.
The joint task force makes it easier for women to access justice.
The joint task force ensures victims receive the assistance they need.
The Guatemalan government has established a special 24-hour court to attend to femicide cases.
The International Violence Against Women Act was introduced in the U.S. Congress in 2007.
The International Violence Against Women Act has been pending since 2007.
The International Violence Against Women Act was reintroduced in both the House and Senate last week.
If approved, the International Violence Against Women Act would make reducing levels of gender-based violence a U.S. foreign policy priority.
International nongovernmental organizations are on the front lines of the fight against gender-based discrimination in Guatemala.
Ben Weingrod, a senior policy advocate at CARE, says they work to identify and challenge harmful social norms that perpetuate violence.
CARE's work includes engaging men and boys as champions of change and role models.
CARE facilitates debates to change harmful norms.
CARE creates space for more equitable relationships between men and women.
The job of addressing gender-based violence in Guatemala is far from over.
There is tempered optimism and hope for change regarding gender-based violence in Guatemala.
The problem of gender-based violence in Guatemala needs international attention.
The problem of gender-based violence in Guatemala needs immediate action.
Adelma Cifuentes is finding strength through the theater.
Adelma Cifuentes is finding strength through the support of other abuse survivors.
Adelma Cifuentes' strength has allowed her to move forward.
Millions of other women are trapped in a cycle of violence.
Millions of other women are facing dangerous and frightening futures.
For millions of other women, it is a race against time.
Help cannot come soon enough for millions of other women.