The fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw massive battles.
The fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw major deaths.
Tywin is a character who died in the fourth season of "Game of Thrones".
The fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw White Walkers.
Fans can expect a fifth season of "Game of Thrones".
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" is one of the most popular shows in HBO history.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" is the most high-profile premiere yet.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" is airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time.
HBO is an independent company.
HBO is airing the most high-profile premiere of "Game of Thrones" simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time.
Doug Gross is a writer for Nerdwallet.
Doug Gross is a former CNN employee.
Doug Gross has read the "Game of Thrones" books.
Doug Gross believes that major story arcs are going to start coming together in the fifth season of "Game of Thrones".
The executive producers confirmed Doug Gross's belief about major story arcs coming together.
Stannis has shown up at the Wall to save Jon Snow.
Stannis has shown up at the Wall to save the rest of the Night's Watch from the wildlings.
Stannis's quest for the Iron Throne collides with the Night's Watch's supposedly non-political role protecting the realm.
Tyrion's path should cross with Daenerys' this season.
The trailers indicate that Tyrion's path should cross with Daenerys' this season.
Some major story arcs will clearly be moving ahead of where George Martin is in the "Song of Ice and Fire" books this season.
David Benioff is an executive producer of "Game of Thrones".
David Benioff told Rolling Stone that they are starting to build to a crescendo.
David Benioff stated that the battles have to get bigger.
David Benioff stated that things have to get more dramatic.
The fifth season of "Game of Thrones" means that the show is past the halfway point.
The show is currently set to end after seven years.
The Stark daughters are Arya and Sansa.
Arya will be a character to watch this season.
Sansa will be a character to watch this season.
Cersei will be a character to watch this season.
The world of Westeros is constantly plagued by war.
Wars are waged by the nobles.
The common folk suffer from wars.
Doug Gross noted that this season will give a glimpse of what happens when common people have had enough.
Common people have had enough at some point.