Los Angeles is more than just one state's internal problem.
The historic California drought hurts the rest of the United States.
California is a breadbasket to the nation.
California grows more than a third of the nation's vegetables.
California grows nearly two-thirds of the nation's fruits and nuts.
The California drought is an ongoing disaster.
The California drought is now in its fourth year.
Governor Jerry Brown announced a mandatory 25% cutback in water consumption in all cities.
In 2014, one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the California drought.
The expert was often right, according to statistics gathered by Timothy Richards.
Timothy Richards is an agribusiness professor at Arizona State University.
Prices rose last year for berries.
Berries rose in price by about 80 cents per clamshell to $3.88.
Prices rose last year for broccoli.
Broccoli rose in price by 11 cents per pound to $1.89.
Prices rose last year for grapes.
Grapes rose in price by 64 cents per pound to $3.06.
Prices rose last year for melons.
Melons rose in price by 24 cents per pound to $1.23.
Prices rose last year for packaged salad.
Packaged salad rose in price by 23 cents a bag to $2.91.
Prices rose last year for peppers.
Peppers rose in price by 26 cents per pound to $2.39.
Fruits and vegetable prices fell in February.
Overall prices are expected to rise this year.
Inflation is expected to cause overall prices to rise this year.
Annemarie Kuhns is a U.S. Department of Agriculture economist.
Fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5% and 3.5% this year.
Vegetable prices are projected to rise between 2% and 3% this year.
The projected increases are close to historical average increases.
It is unknown whether the California drought will affect food prices again this year.
The strength of the U.S. dollar allows producers to import crops.
The U.S. dollar's strength may help mitigate the effects of the California drought.
The drop in oil prices eases the cost of transporting food from California to the other 49 states.
California grows less than 10% of the nation's vegetables and fruits.
Economists do not know yet whether farmers will plant fewer crops because of the drought.
Farmers' decisions about planting crops are now being made in the field.
Farmers' decisions could boost supermarket prices.
The California drought has the potential to impact the price consumers pay for fresh fruit.
The California drought has the potential to impact the price consumers pay for fresh vegetables.
The California drought has the potential to impact the price consumers pay for dairy.
The California drought has the potential to impact the price consumers pay for fresh eggs.
The exact impact of the California drought on prices is not sure.
There is a major drought throughout the West and Southwest.
Texas is experiencing extreme drought in several parts of the state.
Oklahoma is experiencing exceptional drought in several parts of the state.
The U.S. Drought Monitor reports on drought conditions.
The Western drought affects more than 52 million people.
Consumers paid an extra 12.1% for beef and veal in 2014.
The USDA reports on food prices.
Ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma saw smaller grazing pastures last year.
Ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma paid more for feed last year.
Ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma experienced difficulties accessing water to cool their cattle last year.
Cattlemen began culling their herds due to the drought.
Beef and veal prices should rise only by 6% at most this year.
The projected rise in beef and veal prices is still higher than the 4.1% historical average.
The drought affects other areas as well.
California is called the Golden State because of the gold rush.
Tourists flock to California for vacation because of its year-round sunshine.
Eateries can only serve water to customers on request.
The State Water Resources Control Board declared that eateries can only serve water to customers on request.
Tourists can expect to hear requests at hotels about whether they want their linens and towels laundered daily.
The requests about linens and towels are mandatory under new regulations.
Tourists will see fewer homes running decorative fountains.
Much of the snowpack in the Sierra Nevada has alarmingly disappeared.
Many ski resorts shut down early this year.
Some ski resorts are now building zip lines.
Some ski resorts are now building mountain bike trails.
Some ski resorts are now building wedding venues to keep tourists coming.
Felicia Marcus is the State Water Board Chair.
Felicia Marcus said the drought could have catastrophic consequences if it continues through next winter.
The 2014 wine grape harvest was the third in a string of great vintages this decade.
The Wine Institute reports on California wine.
California vintners and growers are grateful for another excellent vintage.
The excellent vintage occurred despite an ongoing drought.
The excellent vintage occurred despite an earthquake that rocked south Napa in late August.
A mild winter and spring caused early bud break.
The overall length of the growing season was similar to past years.
Wine grapes use relatively low water.
Drought years tend to produce terrific quality wine.
There were record high California wine grape harvests in 2012, 2013, and 2014.
There is a good supply of California wine.
The good supply of California wine may be the only positive aspect of the drought.