Hillary Clinton is announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.
Hillary Clinton's standing in the polls has sagged in recent months.
There is likely to be a boost in the polls in the days that follow the announcement.
There is ample reason for Democrats to be excited about Hillary Clinton's run for the presidency.
Hillary Clinton is one of the strongest candidates in many decades.
Hillary Clinton brings extensive political and policy experience.
The combination of skills that Hillary Clinton brings is often lacking.
Hillary Clinton has been through some of the roughest partisan wars.
Hillary Clinton has emerged stronger than ever before.
Hillary Clinton has a keen sense about the nature of the modern news media.
Hillary Clinton knows how to use the modern news media to her advantage.
Hillary Clinton knows how to survive scandal frenzies.
Hillary Clinton is a hardened, tough partisan.
Hillary Clinton will not shy away from Republican attacks.
Many Americans have positive memories of the Clinton name.
The positive memories of the Clinton name are due to the booming economy of the late 1990s during Bill Clinton's presidency.
If Hillary Clinton puts together an effective campaign, she could be unbeatable in the Democratic primaries.
If Hillary Clinton puts together an effective campaign, she could be unbeatable in the general election.
Some of Hillary Clinton's weaknesses have been exposed during the buildup to her final decision.
Hillary Clinton does not want to end up like Vice President Al Gore in 2000.
Al Gore did relatively well in the final election.
Many Americans believe that Al Gore actually defeated George W. Bush.
Al Gore did not generate much energy once the campaign started.
Al Gore was touted as a "perfect" candidate.
Al Gore was viewed as the ideal person for the job.
Something seemed stiff and inauthentic about Al Gore when he hit the trail.
Al Gore seemed to freeze when the television cameras were rolling.
Al Gore had trouble connecting with voters.
Al Gore seemed to remake his image constantly.
Al Gore's biggest asset was that he was viewed as the inevitable nominee.
Al Gore's biggest asset was not what he actually stood for.
Hillary Clinton must avoid following Al Gore's path.
Hillary Clinton suffered a similar fate in the 2008 primaries.
Hillary Clinton cannot afford to suffer a similar fate again.
Hillary Clinton needs to do more than rest on the perception that her candidacy is inevitable.
Hillary Clinton needs to do more than rest on her record of experience.
It is not enough for Hillary Clinton to rest on the perception that her candidacy is inevitable.
It is not enough for Hillary Clinton to rest on her record of experience.
It is more important for Hillary Clinton to put forth an exciting vision about what she would stand for in the White House.
Voters thirst for signs of greatness when they pick their presidents.
Voters are savvy enough to understand that the reality of a polarized Washington will probably limit Hillary Clinton's ability to achieve bold change.
A recent story in The Washington Post suggests that Hillary Clinton's advisers are aware of this potential liability.
After the announcement, Hillary Clinton's advisers are going to avoid big rallies and events.
After the announcement, Hillary Clinton's advisers are going to concentrate on smaller events.
Hillary Clinton's advisers are going to concentrate on smaller events where Hillary Clinton will meet with voters directly.
Hillary Clinton will meet with voters directly in states such as Iowa and New Hampshire.
Hillary Clinton will have to contend with doubts about her authenticity.
In his first day on the campaign trail, Senator Rand Paul immediately tapped into concerns about Hillary Clinton's authenticity.
Senator Rand Paul raised questions about whether Hillary Clinton could be trusted.
The question of whether Hillary Clinton can be trusted has dogged the Clintons since they came onto the national political scene in the late 1980s.
The Clintons' greatest virtue is their immense skills as politicians.
The Clintons' greatest virtue has often come back to haunt them.
Bill Clinton was attacked as "slick Willie" by members of both parties.
Bill Clinton was attacked for the perception that he would say anything to win.
Hillary Clinton has faced similar criticism.
Hillary Clinton tried to distance herself from her vote for the use of force in Iraq.
Many Democrats did not buy Hillary Clinton's critique of President George W. Bush's foreign policies.
Many Democrats went for Barack Obama instead of Hillary Clinton.
Many voters saw Hillary Clinton's "listening tour" of New York as a genuine attempt to connect with the people.
Many voters saw Hillary Clinton's "listening tour" of New York before running for the Senate as a genuine attempt to connect with the people.
Many voters felt that there was nothing to the recent stories about Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server.
Many voters felt that even if the story about Hillary Clinton's email was relatively minor, it indicated that she wasn't always telling the truth.
Even if Hillary Clinton isn't hiding anything, she often gives the appearance that she is hiding something.
During the next few months, Hillary Clinton will have to connect with her party's base.
The ongoing speculation about Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has suggested that the most active part of the Democratic Party is not very enthused with Hillary Clinton's candidacy.
The most active part of the Democratic Party will probably vote for Hillary Clinton.
The most active part of the Democratic Party is not very motivated to vote for Hillary Clinton.
The most active part of the Democratic Party does not trust that Hillary Clinton will stand for Democratic values.
Hillary Clinton will need to address these concerns.
Hillary Clinton will need to address these concerns not through her style but through her agenda.
Voters will want to hear Hillary Clinton talking about tougher financial regulation.
Voters will want to hear Hillary Clinton talking about policies to diminish economic inequality.
Voters will want to hear Hillary Clinton's positions on race and policing.
Hillary Clinton will need to make clear that she has heard voters on being too hawkish about going to war.
Hillary Clinton will need to give clear indications about how she would handle a nuclear agreement with Iran.
Hillary Clinton will have to contend with the gender bias that still exists in the electorate at large.
Hillary Clinton will be subject to questions and comments about her appearance.
The questions and comments about Hillary Clinton's appearance will not be aimed at male candidates.
Part of Hillary Clinton's candidacy is an effort to break down the remaining vestiges of political sexism.
The struggle to break down the remaining vestiges of political sexism will be tough.
Hillary Clinton will have to contend with her husband.
Bill Clinton can be an immense force on the campaign trail.
Bill Clinton is one of the most compelling Democrats of our generation.
Bill Clinton can also be a liability.
Bill Clinton is not always easy to control.
Bill Clinton's comments about Obama's candidacy can often work against Hillary Clinton.
The fund-raising records of the Clinton Foundation will raise questions about conflict of interest.
Ongoing stories about Bill Clinton's personal life could re-emerge on the campaign trail.
The stories about Bill Clinton's personal life could re-emerge as was the case when Monica Lewinsky returned to the media a few months ago.
Everything is fair game on the modern campaign trail.
Hillary Clinton has the potential to be a hugely successful presidential candidate.
Hillary Clinton and her campaign team will need to address the multiple questions and weaknesses that have become clear in recent months.