Investigators have collected all the main evidence from the site where Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed.
A French national police official told CNN that investigators are not expected to return to the crash site.
Capt. Yves Naffrechoux of the High Mountain Gendarmerie stated that the plane crashed on March 24.
The plane crashed in flat terrain of the Alps about 6 miles (10 kilometers) from the town of Seyne-les-Alpes.
All the police investigators have left the Germanwings crash site.
A private security company is ensuring security around the crash site.
No one can go to the crash site.
The security firm will guard the site until the remaining debris is collected.
The remaining debris will be taken to secure locations for further analysis, if necessary.
The flight data recorder, or "black box," was found on Thursday by a member of the recovery team.
The cockpit voice recorder was found days after the crash.
Lab workers have isolated 150 DNA profiles from more than 2,000 DNA samples collected from the crash site.
The crash killed all 150 people on board.
Authorities have found 470 personal effects at the site.
The number of personal effects includes 40 cell phones.
All 40 cell phones were badly damaged.
Brice Robin cast doubt that any useful information could be retrieved from the damaged phones.
Authorities say that the flight's co-pilot, Andreas Lubitz, locked the captain out of the cockpit.
Andreas Lubitz engineered the plane's demise.
Initial tests on the flight data recorder show that Andreas Lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane's descent.
The French air accident investigation agency, the BEA, conducted the initial tests on the flight data recorder.
It has emerged that Andreas Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Flight 9525.
Andreas Lubitz concealed recent medical leave notes from his employer saying he was unfit for work.
There are calls for crash avoidance technology.
CNN's Margot Haddad reported from Marseille.
Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta.
CNN's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report.