The world's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place.
The Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is a particle accelerator.
The LHC is the largest machine in the world.
The LHC is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
A few scientists, engineers, and technicians devised and built the particle accelerator in a short time.
Problems delayed the restart of the LHC in March.
Scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) completed final tests.
The completion of final tests enabled the first beams to start circulating inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 km) ring on Sunday.
CERN's purpose is to operate accelerators for the benefit of the physics community.
CERN Director-General Rolf Heuer stated that CERN's heart beats once more to the rhythm of the LHC.
The LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second.
A beam in the LHC circulates for 10 hours.
A beam in the LHC travels more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
The distance from Earth to Neptune and back again is more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
At near light-speed, a proton in the LHC makes 11,245 circuits per second.
Thousands of scientists, engineers, and technicians took decades to devise and build the particle accelerator.
The particle accelerator is housed in a tunnel between Lake Geneva and the Jura mountain range.
The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang."
The scientific theory explains the creation of the universe.
Scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved by replicating the energy density and temperature.
Current knowledge is based on The Standard Model of particle physics.
Dr. Mike Lamont stated that The Standard Model of particle physics is not complete.
The burning questions that remain include the origin of mass.
The burning questions that remain include why some particles are very heavy.
The burning questions that remain include why some particles have no mass at all.
The burning questions that remain include a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity.
The burning questions that remain include uncovering dark matter and dark energy.
Visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe.
The LHC could question the idea that the universe is only made of matter.
The theory states that antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the Big Bang.
CERN states that the energies achievable by the LHC have only ever been found in nature.
The machine alone costs approximately three billion euros (about $3.3 billion).
The costs of the machine are paid for by member countries of CERN and contributions by non-member nations.
CERN asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by Swiss laws.
CERN asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by French laws.
CERN asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with a European Council Directive.
Scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting with bated breath as the LHC ventures into the great unknown.
CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology, Frédérick Bordry, stated that the LHC is in great shape after two years of effort.
The most important step is still to come when CERN increases the energy of the beams to new record levels.
Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report.