Online activity, including blogs, YouTube channels, and social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter, has fully emerged as an alternative to traditional mainstream media.
The low cost of posting online attracts dissidence.
The lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online.
The phenomenon of online posting is not unique to Asia.
The perception of online posting may seem more pronounced for individuals living in Asia.
Going online has become the path of least resistance for individuals who want to make themselves heard.
Online activity still brings resistance, some of which is legal.
Some of the resistance is deadly.
Amos Yee is a teenage video blogger who was arrested and held pending bail in Singapore.
Amos Yee drew international attention for his anti-Lee Kuan Yew harangue.
Jailing critics is not usually the Singapore government's first choice.
The government's use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases is part of Lee Kuan Yew's legacy.
Libel and defamation cases usually carry heavy financial penalties.
The use of libel and defamation cases is the preferred method of silencing discomfiting online voices in Singapore.
Lee Kuan Yew's father has reportedly apologized for his son Amos Yee's behavior.
The younger Amos Yee could face up to three years in jail.
Amos Yee is not unique among dissidents.
Roy Ngerng is another dissident blogger in Singapore.
Roy Ngerng continues to suffer financial and legal pressure.
Roy Ngerng lost his job because of a blog post.
The blog post allegedly accused Singapore's Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong, of corruption.
Roy Ngerng's concern is with the lack of transparency in the management of the Central Provident Fund.
The Central Provident Fund is the government's compulsory pension program.
Amos Yee and Roy Ngerng are two of many dissidents.
The Committee To Protect Journalists has a file on Singapore going back to 2000.
The file contains a long string of similar cases.
Some cases are against politicians.
Other cases are against citizens frustrated with their government.
Internet activity comes under fire in countries other than Singapore.
On Monday in Malaysia, five editors and executives from The Malaysian Insider were arrested.
The arrests were related to the site's March 25 report.
The report claimed that a senior council of royal rulers and state governors had rejected a proposal to amend federal law.
The proposal was to allow for the introduction of hudud, or punishments meted out under Islamic law.
Questions of Islamic faith are a third-rail issue in deeply Muslim Malaysia.
Revealing government decisions before they are announced is also a third-rail issue in Malaysia.
China is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world.
A majority of the 44 people behind bars in China at the end of 2014 were bloggers.
Most of the bloggers behind bars in China were Uighur or Tibetan activists.
Uighur or Tibetan activists straddle the line between journalism and activism.
Vietnam is in second place in Asia for jailing journalists.
Vietnam held 16 reporters behind bars as of December 1.
One more journalist was added to the count in late December.
Nguyen Dinh Ngoc is a prominent blogger who was arrested for "law-violating" after police searched his home in southern Ho Chi Minh City on December 27.
Two more journalists were arrested in January.
Nguyen Quang Lap and Hong Le Tho were arrested on anti-state charges of "abusing democratic freedoms."
The pattern of arrests is evident in Vietnam.
The print and broadcast media are totally government controlled in Vietnam.
Mainstream journalists often go to jail in Vietnam.
Only two investigative print reporters remain behind bars in Vietnam.
The cases of the two investigative print reporters date back to 2012 and 2013.
Both investigative print reporters were accused of accepting bribes for dialing back critical news coverage.
The reality is that, as CPJ wrote in 2013, across Asia, governments have curtailed Internet freedoms.
Governments have used increasingly restrictive practices to curtail Internet freedoms.
Restrictive practices include prohibitive laws, heightened surveillance, censorship, and threats of imprisonment.
Threats of imprisonment are related to various national security-related offenses.
The policy path being followed by most countries in Asia does not look like it will be changing any time soon.
Jailing journalists is one issue.
Watching journalists being killed and doing little or nothing about it is another issue.
Since 1992, 11% of journalists killed have died for their work online.
The 1992 start date precedes the full advent of the Internet.
The proportion of journalists killed for their work online can be expected to grow.
Most bloggers have not been the targets of murderers.
Bangladesh has recently become the exception regarding the targeting of bloggers.
On Monday, Washiqur Rahman Babu was the second blogger to be hacked to death in public in Bangladesh in the past five weeks.
Blogger Avijit Roy was killed while visiting Dhaka.
Avijit Roy's wife, Rafida Ahmed Bonna, was critically injured during the attack.
Both Washiqur Rahman Babu and Avijit Roy had written critically on Islamic matters.
The blogger death toll gets higher in Bangladesh if one goes back a year or two.
Religious beliefs are always involved in the killings of bloggers in Bangladesh.
The killings of bloggers in Bangladesh are almost always carried out with near-perfect impunity.
In January 2013, blogger Asif Mohiuddin barely survived after being stabbed by Islamists.
Asif Mohiuddin wrote critical commentary on religion, Islamist groups, free speech, and human rights.
In February 2013, blogger Ahmed Rajib Haider was hacked to death by members of an Islamist militant group.
Islamist groups called for the execution of bloggers they said had committed blasphemy in later 2013.
Arrests were made after those murders, but there have been no convictions.
Online journalists, operating outside the restraints of mainstream media, have become the most vulnerable targets for governments and independent actors.
Journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom where there is a restrictive rule of law.
Journalists are vulnerable to the attacks of killers who seldom, if ever, answer to the rule of law where the rule of law is weak.