Brice Robin is the French prosecutor leading the investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525. Brice Robin was not aware of any video footage from on board Germanwings Flight 9525. No videos were used in the crash investigation according to Brice Robin. A person who has a video of Germanwings Flight 9525 needs to immediately give it to the investigators. German daily Bild and French Paris Match claimed there is a cell phone video showing the final seconds from on board Germanwings Flight 9525. All 150 individuals on board Germanwings Flight 9525 were killed. Paris Match and Bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site. Paris Match and Bild described the supposed video but did not post it on their websites. Paris Match reported that they watched the video. The video was found by a source close to the investigation. One can hear cries of "My God" in several languages in the video. Metallic banging can be heard more than three times in the video. The metallic banging may be of the pilot trying to open the cockpit door with a heavy object. Towards the end of the video, after a heavy shake, stronger than the others, the screaming intensifies. Then nothing happens in the video. Julian Reichelt is the editor-in-chief of Bild online. Julian Reichelt said the scene in the video is very disturbing. An official with France's accident investigation agency, the BEA, said the agency is not aware of any video of Germanwings Flight 9525. Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini is a French Gendarmerie spokesman in charge of communications on rescue efforts around the Germanwings crash site. Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that the reports of the video were completely wrong. Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini said the reports of the video were unwarranted. Cell phones have been collected at the crash site. The cell phones collected at the crash site had not been exploited yet. Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini believed the cell phones would need to be sent to the Criminal Research Institute in Rosny sous-Bois for analysis. None of the cell phones found so far have been sent to the Criminal Research Institute. Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini answered "no" when asked if staff involved in the search could have leaked a memory card to the media. Julian Reichelt told "Erin Burnett: Outfront" that he watched the video. Julian Reichelt stood by the report of the video. Bild and Paris Match are very confident that the clip is real according to Julian Reichelt. Investigators only revealed they had recovered cell phones from the crash site after Bild and Paris Match published their reports. Many things of the investigation weren't revealed by the investigation at the beginning according to Julian Reichelt. German airline Lufthansa confirmed that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz battled depression years before he took the controls of Germanwings Flight 9525. Andreas Lubitz told his Lufthansa flight training school in 2009 that he had a previous episode of severe depression. Email correspondence between Andreas Lubitz and the flight school included medical documents he submitted in connection with resuming his flight training. Lufthansa knew of Andreas Lubitz's battle with depression. Lufthansa allowed Andreas Lubitz to continue training. Lufthansa put Andreas Lubitz in the cockpit. Carsten Spohr is the CEO of Lufthansa. Carsten Spohr previously said Andreas Lubitz was 100% fit to fly. Lufthansa described its statement about Andreas Lubitz as a swift and seamless clarification. Lufthansa is sharing information and documents with public prosecutors. Carsten Spohr traveled to the crash site on Wednesday. Recovery teams have been working for the past week to recover human remains and plane debris at the crash site. Carsten Spohr saw the crisis center set up in Seyne-les-Alpes. Carsten Spohr laid a wreath in the village of Le Vernet. Grieving families have left flowers at a simple stone memorial in Le Vernet. Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that no visible human remains were left at the crash site. Recovery teams would keep searching for human remains according to Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini. Francois Hollande is the French President. Francois Hollande said that it should be possible to identify all the victims using DNA analysis by the end of the week. The identification of victims using DNA analysis is sooner than authorities had previously suggested. The recovery of the victims' personal belongings will start on Wednesday according to Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini. Among the personal belongings could be more cell phones belonging to the 144 passengers and six crew on board Germanwings Flight 9525. The details about Andreas Lubitz's correspondence with the flight school were among several developments as investigators continued to delve into what caused the crash. Investigators are looking into what caused the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525. Investigators are looking into Andreas Lubitz's possible motive for downing Germanwings Flight 9525. A Lufthansa spokesperson told CNN that Andreas Lubitz had a valid medical certificate. Andreas Lubitz passed all his examinations. Andreas Lubitz held all the licenses required to fly. Andreas Lubitz never mentioned his severe depression to his Lufthansa flight training school. Christoph Kumpa is a spokesman for the prosecutor's office in Dusseldorf. Christoph Kumpa said medical records reveal Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career. Andreas Lubitz underwent psychotherapy before he got his pilot's license. Christoph Kumpa emphasized there is no evidence suggesting Andreas Lubitz was suicidal or acting aggressively before the crash. Investigators are looking into whether Andreas Lubitz feared his medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot's license. Flying was a big part of Andreas Lubitz's life according to a European government official. The fear of losing his pilot's license is only one theory being considered by investigators. Authorities believe the primary motive for Andreas Lubitz to bring down the plane was his fear of not being allowed to fly because of his medical problems. Andreas Lubitz's girlfriend told investigators he had seen an eye doctor and a neuropsychologist. The eye doctor and neuropsychologist deemed Andreas Lubitz unfit to work recently. The eye doctor and neuropsychologist concluded Andreas Lubitz had psychological issues. Brian Russell is a forensic psychologist. Brian Russell said there is more to the story about Andreas Lubitz's mental health struggles. Brian Russell said psychology can explain why someone would turn rage inward on themselves. Brian Russell said there is no mental illness that explains why someone feels entitled to take rage outward on 149 other people.