Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of pepper-spraying drones.
Yashasvi Yadav is the Senior Superintendent of police in Lucknow, northern India.
The Lucknow police force has bought four drones.
The Lucknow police force is in the process of purchasing one more drone.
The drones have been tested in controlled conditions.
The drones have been very successful.
The Lucknow police will use the drones whenever there are violent protests.
The Lucknow police will use the drones whenever there are mob attacks.
Each drone costs between $9,560 and $19,300.
Views on the new measure are mixed.
Some individuals are concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech.
The issue of freedom of speech is contentious in India.
Last month, India failed to enforce a law that would allow authorities to arrest people who post offensive material on social media.
Some individuals believe that India could learn from events further afield.
Some individuals say that the method of crowd control needs regulation.
Questions have been raised as to why the police are resorting to peaceful methods.
Chirag Wakaskar is a photojournalist in Mumbai.
Chirag Wakaskar thinks the new measure is bound to fail.
Chirag Wakaskar thinks the new measure could be another scam in the making.
Chirag Wakaskar believes the administration should use dialogue and mediation to solve problems.
Chirag Wakaskar believes the administration should not use authoritarian and forceful methods.
Chirag Wakaskar suggests starting by having video surveillance in sensitive areas.
Chirag Wakaskar suggests having swifter justice.
Protests are a common occurrence in India.
India has a population of 1.2 billion.
Lucknow is the capital of the northern state of Uttar Pradesh.
Lucknow used drone cameras to monitor crowds at a recent religious festival.
Drones are used as a security measure in other cities including Delhi and Mumbai.
Drones have been used in tiger hunts.
Drones have been used in disaster relief.
Drones have been used in criminal investigations.
Drones have been used for pizza deliveries.
Reports suggest that the Chief Minister of Lucknow, Akhilesh Yadav, will officially launch drone surveillance later this month.
Kunal Sehgal contributed to this report.