An Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan. The report is entitled "Their Lives on the Line." The report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights by the Taliban. The report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights by tribal warlords. The report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights by government officials. The publication of the report is timely. The brutal murder of Farkhunda shocked the world. Farkhunda was a young woman in Afghanistan. Farkhunda's body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in Kabul. Farkhunda was accused of burning pages from the Quran. Many people protested Farkhunda's innocence. For the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers. Women in Afghanistan hoisted Farkhunda's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves. Women in Afghanistan sobbed and shouted messages of women's solidarity as they marched along the streets. Afghanistan was ranked by a Thomson Reuters Foundation poll in 2011 as the most dangerous place in the world for women. The feminist act of women in Afghanistan seemed safe. Latest figures suggest women in Afghanistan were risking their lives to be heard. In 2013, the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan released statistics that showed the number of women killed in Afghanistan had increased by 20% from the previous year. The number of civilian victims in Afghanistan had decreased. The Special Representative of the U.N. Secretary-General in Afghanistan at the time was Jan Kubis. Jan Kubis told the U.N. Security Council that the majority of women killed is linked to domestic violence. Jan Kubis told the U.N. Security Council that the majority of women killed is linked to tradition. Jan Kubis told the U.N. Security Council that the majority of women killed is linked to the culture of Afghanistan. Women activists have been deliberately targeted. Little support has come from those in power for women activists. The Afghan government has done very little to protect women activists. Perpetrators of violence against women almost always walk free. Threats reported by women rights defenders are often simply ignored. Many women defenders said that when they received some protection from authorities, it was often significantly less than what male counterparts or colleagues were afforded. During the attack on Farkhunda, many eyewitnesses have testified that police officers stood idly by while Farkhunda was being lynched and killed. Twenty-six people were arrested in connection with the attack on Farkhunda. Thirteen police officials were suspended in connection with the attack on Farkhunda. Suspending police officers is not enough. Those who failed in their duty must also be held to account. Anything less than holding those who failed in their duty to account will just encourage further mob violence. The activists continue their work despite their lives being on the line. The female protesters at Farkhunda's funeral were a remarkable moment. Mosadiq has decades of experience campaigning for women's rights in Afghanistan. Selay Ghaffer is a women's rights activist. Selay Ghaffer is a spokesperson for the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan. The Solidarity Party of Afghanistan is a small but outspoken political party based in Kabul. The Solidarity Party of Afghanistan operates in twenty provinces. The Solidarity Party of Afghanistan fights for issues such as democracy. The Solidarity Party of Afghanistan fights for social justice. The Solidarity Party of Afghanistan fights for women's rights. The Solidarity Party of Afghanistan was the first to be banned in Afghanistan. The Solidarity Party of Afghanistan was banned for accusing Afghan leaders and commanders of war crimes. The Solidarity Party of Afghanistan was banned for demanding that Afghan leaders and commanders be brought to justice. Selay Ghaffer took part in Farkhunda's funeral. Selay Ghaffer took part in protests against Farkhunda's death. Selay Ghaffer believes the recent violence against Afghan women is the worst case. The opportunity was taken to deliver a clear message at Farkhunda's funeral. The women of Afghanistan showed that they will not keep silent anymore. The women of Afghanistan are not ready to accept more brutality and violence against women. Selay Ghaffer said that they decided to carry Farkhunda's dead body on their own shoulders. Selay Ghaffer said that they wanted to show the world that not only men can carry a coffin. Selay Ghaffer said that they broke the traditionalism that a man has to do this job. Male onlookers supported the mission of the female protesters at Farkhunda's funeral. Male onlookers are in the minority overall in Afghanistan. Male onlookers at the funeral said that women have to do this to change the hatred in Afghanistan. Selay Ghaffer believes that without men, it is not possible for women to get their rights. Selay Ghaffer said that men and women were working together. Selay Ghaffer said that women need to step forward for their rights. Mosadiq says the fight for women's rights was established a while ago. Women's activism in Afghanistan is nothing new. The women's rights movement in Afghanistan has grown substantially since 2001. The women's rights movement in Afghanistan has fought for and achieved some very significant gains. The gains of the women's rights movement in Afghanistan are under threat now. Some gains of the women's rights movement in Afghanistan are being rolled back. It is essential that the Afghan government and its international partners do not allow the gains of the women's rights movement to be rolled back. Selay Ghaffer has been subject to threats because of her work. Selay Ghaffer received threats through emails. Selay Ghaffer received threats through phone calls. Selay Ghaffer received threats at her home. Selay Ghaffer received threats at her office. Selay Ghaffer knew what she was getting herself into. Selay Ghaffer knew that it wasn't an easy task. Selay Ghaffer acknowledged that there might be many challenges. Selay Ghaffer acknowledged that she might lose her life when she is struggling for her rights. Selay Ghaffer wants to struggle more for her rights. Selay Ghaffer wants to have more people around her to struggle with her. Mosadiq says it is too soon to talk about a revolution. The response to Farkhunda's killing has been a silver lining. Selay Ghaffer believes this is the beginning of an uprising. Selay Ghaffer believes the uprising needs to keep moving. A man in Selay Ghaffer's life motivated her to fight. Selay Ghaffer's father inspired her to fight. Selay Ghaffer's father is no longer alive. Selay Ghaffer's father died three months ago. Selay Ghaffer's father always told her that women always suffered in Afghanistan. Selay Ghaffer's father always told her that she has to struggle for her rights. Selay Ghaffer realizes how lucky she is in a society where she has witnessed men oppressing women. Selay Ghaffer has witnessed men being role models for women in her society. Selay Ghaffer maintains that silence is an injustice to women. Silence is an injustice to the victim of the recent mob violence. Selay Ghaffer believes that if she does not act, then no one will act. Selay Ghaffer believes that if another sister does not act, then no one will act. Selay Ghaffer believes that they have to struggle for their rights. Selay Ghaffer believes that if they keep their silence, more women like Farkhunda will be killed in Afghanistan.