Constant k filters are a type of electronic filter designed using the image method.
Constant k filters are also known as k-type filters.
Constant k filters are the original and simplest filters produced by the image method.
Constant k filters consist of a ladder network of identical sections of passive components.
Constant k filters could approach the ideal filter frequency response to within any prescribed limit with the addition of a sufficient number of sections.
Constant k filters are rarely considered for modern design.
The principles behind constant k filters have been superseded by other methodologies.
Other methodologies are more accurate in their prediction of filter response.
Constant k filters were invented by George Campbell.
George Campbell published his work in 1922.
George Campbell invented constant k filters some time before 1922.
Otto Zobel was a colleague of George Campbell at AT&T Co.
Otto Zobel was already making improvements to the design of constant k filters by 1922.
George Campbell's filters were far superior to simpler single element circuits used previously.
George Campbell called his filters electric wave filters.
The term electric wave filters later came to mean any filter that passes waves of some frequencies but not others.
Many new forms of wave filters were subsequently invented.
An early variation of wave filters was the m-derived filter.
Otto Zobel coined the term constant k for the Campbell filter.
The term constant k was coined to distinguish Campbell filters.
The great advantage of Campbell's filters over the RL circuit and other simple filters was that they could be designed for any desired degree of stop band rejection.
Campbell's filters could be designed for any desired steepness of transition between pass band and stop band.
It was necessary to add more filter sections until the desired response was obtained.
Campbell designed the filters for the purpose of separating multiplexed telephone channels on transmission lines.
The subsequent use of Campbell's filters has been much more widespread than separating multiplexed telephone channels.
The design techniques used by George Campbell have largely been superseded.
The ladder topology used by George Campbell with the constant k is still in use today.
The ladder topology used by George Campbell is used in implementations of modern filter designs such as the Tchebyscheff filter.
George Campbell provided constant k designs for low-pass filters.
George Campbell provided constant k designs for high-pass filters.
George Campbell provided constant k designs for band-pass filters.
Band-stop filters are also possible with constant k designs.
Multiple band filters are also possible with constant k designs.
The ladder topology used by George Campbell with the constant k is not in use today with implementations of modern filter designs such as the Tchebyscheff filter.
Some impedance terms and section terms are pictured in the diagram below.
Image theory defines quantities in terms of an infinite cascade of two-port sections.
In the case of the filters being discussed, there is an infinite ladder network of L-sections.
"L" refers to the specific filter shape which resembles an inverted letter "L".
The sections of the hypothetical infinite filter are made of series elements having impedance 2Z.
The sections of the hypothetical infinite filter are made of shunt elements with admittance 2Y.
The factor of two is introduced for mathematical convenience.
It is usual to work in terms of half-sections where the factor of two disappears.
The image impedance of the input and output port of a section will generally not be the same.
A mid-series section will have the same image impedance on both ports due to symmetry.
The image impedance of a mid-series section is designated ZiT.
The designation ZiT is due to the "T" topology of a mid-series section.
The image impedance of a mid-shunt section is designated ZiΠ.
The designation ZiΠ is due to the "Π" topology of a mid-shunt section.
Half of a "T" or "Π" section is called a half-section.
A half-section is also an L-section but with half the element values of the full L-section.
The image impedance of the half-section is dissimilar on the input and output ports.
On the side presenting the series element, the image impedance is equal to the mid-series ZiT.
On the side presenting the shunt element, the image impedance is equal to the mid-shunt ZiΠ.
There are two variant ways of using a half-section.
Parts of this article rely on the reader's knowledge of the complex impedance representation of capacitors.
Parts of this article rely on the reader's knowledge of the complex impedance representation of inductors.
Parts of this article rely on the reader's knowledge of the frequency domain representation of signals.
The building block of constant k filters is the half-section "L" network.
The half-section "L" network is composed of a series impedance Z.
The half-section "L" network is composed of a shunt admittance Y.
The "k" in "constant k" is the value given by a specific formula.
The value of k will have units of impedance.
The units of impedance are ohms.
For k to be constant, Y must be the dual impedance of Z.
A physical interpretation of k can be given by observing that k is the limiting value of Zi.
The limiting value of Zi is observed as the size of the section approaches zero.
The size of the section is measured in terms of values of its components, such as inductances and capacitances.
k must be kept at its initial value while observing the limiting value of Zi.
k is the characteristic impedance, Z0, of the transmission line formed by infinitesimally small sections.
k is also the image impedance of the section at resonance in the case of band-pass filters.
k is the image impedance of the section at ω = 0 in the case of low-pass filters.
Elements L and C can be made arbitrarily small while retaining the same value of k.
Z and Y are both approaching zero.
The image impedances of the section are given by specific formulas.
The filter does not contain any resistive elements.
The image impedance in the pass band of the filter is purely real.
The image impedance in the stop band of the filter is purely imaginary.
The transition occurs at a cut-off frequency given by a specific formula.
Below the cut-off frequency, the image impedance is real.
Above the cut-off frequency, the image impedance is imaginary.
The transmission parameters for a general constant k half-section are given by specific formulas.
The transmission parameters for a chain of n half-sections are given by specific formulas.
For the low-pass L-shape section, below the cut-off frequency, the transmission parameters are given by specific formulas.
The transmission is lossless in the pass-band with only the phase of the signal changing.
Above the cut-off frequency, the transmission parameters are given by specific formulas.
The presented plots of image impedance correspond to a low-pass prototype filter section.
The prototype has a cut-off frequency of ωc.