The Zrinski Battalion was a special forces unit of the Croatian National Guard.
The Zrinski Battalion was later a unit of the Croatian Army.
The Zrinski Battalion was established in Kumrovec on 18 May 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was established during the Croatian War of Independence.
The Zrinski Battalion drew personnel from the special police forces.
The Zrinski Battalion drew personnel from former French Foreign Legion troops.
Ante Roso was the initial commander of the Zrinski Battalion.
Major Miljenko Filipović took over as the commanding officer of the Zrinski Battalion in August 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion trained volunteer troops in Vukovar in June 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion saw action in Hrvatska Kostajnica in 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion saw action in the Battle of Gospić in 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion saw action near Slano in 1991.
By the end of 1991, the personnel of the Zrinski Battalion were tasked with setting up an additional special forces unit of the Croatian Army.
Elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in the Battle of Kupres in 1992.
Elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Tiger in 1992.
Operation Tiger aimed at lifting the Siege of Dubrovnik.
The Zrinski Battalion helped develop and train the Croatian Defence Council.
The Zrinski Battalion set up a training camp in Tomislavgrad.
The Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Maslenica in 1993.
The Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with several other special forces units on 25 February 1994.
The Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated into the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade.
The 1st Croatian Guards Brigade is a component of the 1st Croatian Guards Corps.
The 1st Croatian Guards Brigade is directly subordinated to the Ministry of Defence.
The 1st Croatian Guards Brigade is not subordinated to the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia.
In 1990, ethnic tensions between Croats and Croatian Serbs worsened.
The Yugoslav People's Army believed Croatia would use the Croatian Territorial Defence Force's equipment to build its own army.
The Yugoslav People's Army confiscated the Croatian Territorial Defence Force weapons.
On 17 August 1990, tensions escalated into an open revolt of the Croatian Serbs.
In the beginning of 1991, Croatia had no regular army.
Croatia doubled the size of its police force to about 20,000 in 1991.
The most effective part of the police force was the 3,000-strong special police.
The special police were deployed in 12 battalions.
There were 9,000 to 10,000 regionally organized reserve police.
The reserve police were set up in 16 battalions and 10 companies.
The reserve police lacked weapons needed to arm many of the troops.
Preparations to set up the Croatian National Guard began on 12 April 1991.
The Croatian authorities thought the establishment of the Croatian National Guard was necessary.
The Croatian National Guard was formally established on 23 April 1991.
The Croatian National Guard was tasked with protection of the constitutional order.
The Croatian National Guard was tasked with maintenance of public order.
The Croatian National Guard was tasked with anti-terrorist operations.
The Croatian National Guard was tasked with protection of Croatia's borders.
The Croatian National Guard was tasked with protection of Croatia's territory.
The Croatian National Guard was tasked with protection of Croatia's coast.
The Croatian National Guard was tasked with protection of Croatia's territorial waters.
The Croatian National Guard was tasked with protection of high-value structures.
The Croatian National Guard was tasked with protection of high-profile persons.
The core of the Zrinski Battalion consisted of 27 volunteers drawn from the Kumrovec Special Police Unit.
The Zrinski Battalion initially relied on former French Foreign Legion troops.
Ante Roso was previously a Sous-Officier in the 4th Foreign Regiment.
Major Miljenko Filipović was a former French Foreign Legion member.
The Zrinski Battalion was based in the village of Kumrovec.
The Zrinski Battalion was based on the grounds of the former "Josip Broz Tito" political school.
The site of the Zrinski Battalion was adjacent to the border of Slovenia.
The site of the Zrinski Battalion was selected to be inaccessible to Yugoslav Air Force raids.
The Zrinski Battalion was deployed for the first time on 15 June 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was stationed in Vukovar.
The Zrinski Battalion was tasked with preparation of city defenses in Vukovar.
The Zrinski Battalion was tasked with organization of volunteer troops in Vukovar.
In August 1991, Major Miljenko Filipović took over command of the Zrinski Battalion from Ante Roso.
In August 1991, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to the Banovina.
The Zrinski Battalion pushed the Croatian Serb forces out of the town of Hrvatska Kostajnica.
In September 1991, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Gospić.
The Zrinski Battalion took part in the battle to control Gospić against the Yugoslav People's Army.
Troops assigned to the Zrinski Battalion captured Kaniža barracks in Gospić.
During combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured JNA Major General Trajče Krstevski.
During combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured three armored personnel carriers.
During combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured 32 soldiers.
The Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Metković on 28 October 1991.
The Zrinski Battalion was tasked with recapturing Slano from the Yugoslav People's Army.
After the deployment to Gospić, a part of the Zrinski Battalion personnel left for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
The remainder of the Zrinski Battalion returned to Kumrovec after the deployment to Gospić.
The Croatian National Guard was renamed the Croatian Army on 3 November 1991.
In late 1991, personnel of the Zrinski Battalion set up another special forces unit of the Croatian Army.
The Matija Vlačić Battalion was based in Opatija.
In 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in the Battle of Kupres.
In 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion set up a training camp in Tomislavgrad.
In 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion assisted in training the Croatian Defence Council.
In 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Tiger.
In 1993, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Maslenica.
Elements of the Zrinski Battalion fought in the area of Škabrnja in 1993.
The Central Intelligence Agency assessed the Zrinski Battalion as one of the best units of the Croatian Army.
The Kumrovec Special Police Unit remained at Kumrovec base.
The Kumrovec Special Police Unit shared the Kumrovec base with the Zrinski Battalion.
The Kumrovec Special Police Unit shared the Kumrovec base with the Frankopan Battalion.