Shackleton is an impact crater that lies at the south pole of the Moon.
The peaks along the rim of Shackleton are exposed to almost continual sunlight.
The interior of Shackleton is perpetually in shadow.
The interior of Shackleton functions as a cold trap that may capture and freeze volatiles shed during comet impacts on the Moon.
Measurements by the Lunar Prospector spacecraft showed higher than normal amounts of hydrogen within Shackleton.
Higher than normal amounts of hydrogen within Shackleton may indicate the presence of water ice.
Shackleton is named after Antarctic explorer Ernest Shackleton.
The rotational axis of the Moon lies within Shackleton.
The rotational axis of the Moon is only a few kilometers from the center of Shackleton.
Shackleton is 21 km in diameter.
Shackleton is 4.2 km deep.
From Earth, Shackleton is viewed edge-on in a region of rough, cratered terrain.
Shackleton is located within the South Pole-Aitken basin on a massif.
The rim of Shackleton is slightly raised about the surrounding surface.
Shackleton has an outer rampart that has been only lightly impacted.
No significant craters intersect the rim of Shackleton.
The rim of Shackleton is sloped about 1.5° toward the direction 50-90° from the Earth.
The age of Shackleton is about 3.6 billion years.
Shackleton has been in the proximity of the south lunar pole for at least the last two billion years.
The orbit of the Moon is tilted only 5° from the ecliptic.
The interior of Shackleton lies in perpetual darkness.
Estimates of the area in permanent shadow were obtained from Earth-based radar studies.
Peaks along the rim of Shackleton are almost continually illuminated by sunlight.
Peaks along the rim of Shackleton spend about 80-90% of each lunar orbit exposed to the Sun.
Continuously illuminated mountains have been termed peaks of eternal light.
Peaks of eternal light have been predicted to exist since the 1900s.
The shadowed portion of Shackleton was imaged with the Terrain Camera of the Japanese SELENE spacecraft.
The Terrain Camera of the Japanese SELENE spacecraft used the illumination of sunlight reflected off the rim to image the shadowed portion of Shackleton.
The interior of Shackleton consists of a symmetrical 30° slope that leads down to a 6.6 km diameter floor.
The handful of craters along the interior of Shackleton span no more than a few hundred meters.
The bottom of Shackleton is covered by an uneven mound-like feature that is 300 to 400 m thick.
The central peak of Shackleton is about 200 m in height.
The continuous shadows in the south polar craters cause the floors of these formations to maintain a temperature that never exceeds about 100 K.
The average temperature of Shackleton is about 90 K.
The temperature at the crater floor of Shackleton reaches 88 K.
Under the conditions of Shackleton, the estimated rate of loss from any ice in the interior would be 10−26 to 10−27 m/s.
Any water vapor that arrives at Shackleton following a cometary impact on the Moon would lie permanently frozen on or below the surface.
The surface albedo of the crater floor of Shackleton matches the lunar far-side.
There is no exposed surface ice on the crater floor of Shackleton.
Shackleton was named after Ernest Henry Shackleton, an Anglo-Irish explorer of Antarctica.
Ernest Henry Shackleton explored Antarctica from 1901 until his death in 1922.
The name Shackleton was officially adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1994.
Shackleton is named after Arctic explorer Ernest Shackleton.
Nearby craters of note include Shoemaker, Haworth, de Gerlache, Sverdrup, and Faustini.
Amundsen and Scott are larger craters located somewhat farther away on the eastern hemisphere of the lunar near side.
Amundsen and Scott are named after two other early explorers of the Antarctic continent.
From the perspective of the Earth, Shackleton lies along the southern limb of the Moon.
Observation of Shackleton is difficult due to its location along the southern limb of the Moon.
Detailed mapping of the polar regions and farside of the Moon did not occur until the advent of orbiting spacecraft.
Shackleton lies entirely within the rim of the immense South Pole-Aitken basin.
The South Pole-Aitken basin is one of the largest known impact formations in the Solar System.
The South Pole-Aitken basin is over 12 kilometers deep.
Exploration of the properties of the South Pole-Aitken basin could provide useful information about the lunar interior.
A neutron spectrometer on board the Lunar Prospector spacecraft detected enhanced concentrations of hydrogen close to the northern and southern lunar poles.
The crater Shackleton is included in the enhanced concentrations of hydrogen detected by the Lunar Prospector spacecraft.
At the end of the Lunar Prospector mission in July 1999, the spacecraft was crashed into the nearby crater Shoemaker.
The crash of the Lunar Prospector spacecraft into Shoemaker was done in the hope of detecting an impact-generated plume containing water vapor from Earth-based telescopes.
The impact event did not produce any detectable water vapor.
The lack of detectable water vapor may indicate that the hydrogen is not in the form of hydrated minerals.
The lack of detectable water vapor may indicate that the impact site did not contain any ice.
It is possible that the crash of the Lunar Prospector spacecraft did not excavate deeply enough into the regolith to liberate significant quantities of water vapor.
From Earth-based radar and spacecraft images of the crater edge, Shackleton appears to be relatively intact.
Shackleton appears much like a young crater that has not been significantly eroded from subsequent impacts.
The inner sides of Shackleton may be relatively steep.
The steep inner sides of Shackleton may make traversing the sides relatively difficult for a robotic vehicle.
It is possible that the interior floor of Shackleton might not have collected a significant quantity of volatiles since its formation.
Other craters in the vicinity of Shackleton are considerably older.
Other craters in the vicinity of Shackleton may contain significant deposits of hydrogen.
Other craters in the vicinity of Shackleton may contain hydrogen possibly in the form of water ice.
Radar studies preceding and following the Lunar Prospector mission demonstrate that the inner walls of Shackleton are similar in reflective characteristics to those of some sunlit craters.
The surroundings of Shackleton appear to contain a significant number of blocks in its ejecta blanket.
The radar properties of Shackleton are a result of surface roughness, not ice deposits.
The interpretation that Shackleton's radar properties are a result of surface roughness is not universally agreed upon within the scientific community.
Radar images of Shackleton at a wavelength of 13 cm show no evidence for water ice deposits.
Optical imaging inside Shackleton was done for the first time by the Japanese lunar orbiter spacecraft Kaguya in 2007.
The optical imaging inside Shackleton by Kaguya did not have any evidence of significant amounts of water ice down to the image resolution of 10 m per pixel.
On November 15, 2008, a 34-kg probe made a hard landing near Shackleton.
The moon impact probe (MIP) was launched from the Indian Chandrayaan-I spacecraft.
The moon impact probe (MIP) reached the surface of Shackleton 25 minutes after launch.
The moon impact probe (MIP) carried a radar altimeter.
The moon impact probe (MIP) carried a video imaging system.
The moon impact probe (MIP) carried a mass spectrometer.
The moon impact probe (MIP) will be used to search for water.
Some sites along Shackleton's rim receive almost constant illumination.
At sites along Shackleton's rim that receive almost constant illumination, sunlight is almost always available for conversion into electricity using solar panels.
Sites along Shackleton's rim that receive almost constant illumination could potentially be good locations for future Moon landings.
The temperature at sites along Shackleton's rim is more favorable than at more equatorial latitudes.
Sites along Shackleton's rim do not experience the daily temperature extremes of 100 °C when the Sun is overhead.
Sites along Shackleton's rim do not experience temperatures as low as −150 °C during the lunar night.
Scientific experiments performed by Clementine and Lunar Prospector could indicate the presence of water in the polar craters.
The current evidence regarding the presence of water in the polar craters is far from definitive.
There are doubts among scientists as to whether or not the hydrogen in Shackleton is in the form of ice.
There are doubts among scientists regarding the concentration of hydrogen with depth below the surface in Shackleton.
Resolution of the issue regarding the presence of hydrogen in Shackleton will require future missions to the Moon.
The presence of water in Shackleton suggests that the crater floor could potentially be mined for deposits of hydrogen in water form.
Deposits of hydrogen in water form are a commodity that is expensive to deliver directly from the Earth.
Shackleton has been proposed as a future site for a large infrared telescope.
The low temperature of the crater floor of Shackleton makes it ideal for infrared observations.
Solar cells placed along the rim of Shackleton could provide near-continuous power to the observatory.
About 120 kilometers from Shackleton lies the 5-km tall Malapert Mountain.
Malapert Mountain is a peak that is perpetually visible from the Earth.
Malapert Mountain could serve as a radio relay station when suitably equipped.
NASA has named the rim of Shackleton as a potential candidate for its lunar outpost.
NASA's lunar outpost is slated to be up and running by 2020.
NASA's lunar outpost is slated to be continuously staffed by a crew by 2024.
The location of Shackleton would promote self-sustainability for lunar residents.
Perpetual sunlight on the south pole would provide energy for solar panels for lunar residents.
The shadowed polar regions are believed to contain the frozen water necessary for human consumption.
The frozen water in the shadowed polar regions could also be harvested for fuel manufacture.