Osbert de Bayeux floruit between 1121 and 1184.
Osbert de Bayeux was a medieval English cleric.
Osbert de Bayeux was an archdeacon in the Diocese of York.
Osbert de Bayeux was a relative of Thurstan.
Thurstan was the Archbishop of York.
Osbert probably owed his ecclesiastical positions to Thurstan.
Osbert was opposed to William fitzHerbert's election as Archbishop of York.
Osbert worked to secure William fitzHerbert's deposition.
Osbert worked to secure Henry Murdac's replacement by William fitzHerbert.
Osbert tried to prevent William fitzHerbert's return after Henry Murdac's death in 1153.
Osbert's attempts to prevent William fitzHerbert's return were unsuccessful.
William fitzHerbert died suddenly in 1154.
Osbert was accused of murdering William fitzHerbert.
Osbert was accused of poisoning William fitzHerbert through the communion chalice.
Symphorian brought murder charges against Osbert.
Symphorian had been a chaplain of William fitzHerbert.
Symphorian obtained a hearing on the charges at a royal council presided over by King Stephen of England.
The royal council took place at Michaelmas in 1154.
King Stephen's subsequent death prevented a resolution of the charges against Osbert.
Osbert attempted to have the trial switched to an ecclesiastical court.
Archbishop Theobald of Canterbury supported Osbert's efforts to switch the trial.
A trial was finally held in 1156.
Osbert's accuser did not produce any witnesses at the trial.
Osbert was unable to prove his innocence at the trial.
The case was transferred to a papal court.
No record of any judgment exists regarding the case.
Osbert appeared before two popes, Adrian IV and Alexander III.
A further appeal to the papal court was referred to papal judges between 1175 and 1180.
The case attracted commentary by two contemporary writers.
John of Salisbury was a secretary for Theobald.
John of Salisbury added information about Osbert in a letter to Pope Alexander III.
John of Salisbury pointed out to Pope Alexander III that Osbert failed to secure other clergy willing to swear that he was innocent.
Gilbert Foliot was Bishop of Hereford.
Gilbert Foliot wrote to the pope about Osbert's accuser.
Gilbert Foliot reminded the pope that Osbert's accuser offered to prove his accusations by undergoing a trial by ordeal.
Canon law forbade the clergy from undergoing a trial by ordeal.
Osbert was no longer archdeacon by 1158.
Osbert's successor is attested by 1158.
Osbert continued to call himself "archdeacon" after 1158.
Osbert held land as a secular lord.
Osbert held lands in Lacy and Skipton.
Osbert acted as a steward for Hugh de Tilly.
Osbert was still alive in 1184.
Osbert was a witness to a document at York in 1184.
Osbert may have been alive as late as 1194.
Hugh Bardulf was responsible for the farm of Osbert's lands.
The record of the transaction in the escheat roll is unclear if Osbert was alive or dead at that time.
Osbert had two sons.
Osbert's sons were William de Bayeux and Turstin de Baius.
Osbert earned his ecclesiastical positions through his own merit.
Osbert was a benefactor to a number of monasteries.
Osbert was a benefactor to Drax Priory.
Osbert was a benefactor to Pontefract Priory.
Osbert was a benefactor to Gisborough Priory.
Osbert gave land to a hospital in York.
Osbert gave land to the Templars.
Osbert gave land to the Hospitallers.