Josepha Petrick Kemarre was born around 1945 or 1953.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre is an Anmatyerre-speaking Indigenous Australian.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre is from Central Australia.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre began painting around 1990.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works of contemporary Indigenous Australian art have been acquired by several major collections.
Artbank has acquired works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
The National Gallery of Victoria has acquired works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings portray bush plum dreaming.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings portray women’s ceremonies known as Awelye.
One of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings sold at a charity auction for A$22,800.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works are strongly coloured.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works are formalist in composition.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works regularly appear at commercial art auctions in Australia.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre's art has struggled to survive the contraction of the primary art market in Australia since 2008.
There is no existing Catalogue raisonné of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's artworks.
No fakes of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's artworks have been cited to date.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre was born at the Santa Teresa Mission.
The Santa Teresa Mission is near Alice Springs in Australia’s Northern Territory.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre indicated that her name was Josepha rather than Josie when she began painting for Mbantua Gallery.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre wished to be known as Josepha.
Mbantua Gallery's biography is the only source that has used the version of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's name as Josepha.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre married Robin Petyarre.
Robin Petyarre is the brother of artist Gloria Petyarre.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre moved to the region of Utopia after marrying Robin Petyarre.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre was living in Utopia when she began painting around 1990.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre and Robin Petyarre had seven children.
One of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's children is Damien Petrick.
Damien Petrick became an artist like his mother.
By 2008, Robin Petyarre had died.
Josepha Petrick Kemarre was dividing her time between Alice Springs and Harts Range by 2008.
Contemporary Indigenous art of the western desert began in 1971.
Indigenous men at Papunya created murals and canvases using western art materials in 1971.
Geoffrey Bardon assisted Indigenous men at Papunya in creating murals and canvases.
Indigenous men at Papunya used acrylic paints to create designs representing body painting and ground sculptures.
The work of Indigenous men at Papunya rapidly spread across Indigenous communities of central Australia.
A government-sanctioned art program was introduced in central Australia in 1983.
By the 1980s and 1990s, Indigenous art was being exhibited internationally.
The first artists of the contemporary Indigenous art movement were men.
All of the founders of the Papunya Tula artists' company were men.
There was resistance among the Pintupi men of central Australia to women painting.
Many women wished to participate in painting.
In the 1990s, many women began to paint.
People in western desert communities such as Utopia, Kintore, Yuendumu, and Balgo began to create artworks for exhibition and sale.
Josepha Petrick began painting about 1990 or 1992.
Josepha Petrick's painting is part of the contemporary Indigenous art movement that began at Papunya in the 1970s.
By 1998, Josepha Petrick's work was being collected by private institutions.
By 1998, Josepha Petrick's work was being collected by public institutions.
Charles Sturt University collected Josepha Petrick's work.
In 2005, the National Gallery of Victoria purchased a work by Josepha Petrick.
Josepha Petrick's career received a significant boost when her work was included in the National Gallery of Victoria's 2006 Landmarks exhibition.
Josepha Petrick's work was included in the catalogue of the National Gallery of Victoria's 2006 Landmarks exhibition.
Josepha Petrick's painting was printed opposite that of Yannima Tommy Watson in the National Gallery of Victoria's 2006 Landmarks exhibition catalogue.
Yannima Tommy Watson was famous by the time of the National Gallery of Victoria's 2006 Landmarks exhibition.
Yannima Tommy Watson contributed to the design of a new building for the Musée du quai Branly.
Josepha Petrick's paintings have been included at exhibitions in several private galleries in Melbourne.
Josepha Petrick's paintings have been included at exhibitions in Hong Kong.
Josepha Petrick's paintings have been included at the Australian embassy in Washington in 2001.
In 2006, a commissioned work by Josepha Petrick was exhibited at Shalom College at the University of New South Wales.
The exhibition at Shalom College was part of a charity fundraising exhibition.
The commissioned work by Josepha Petrick sold for A$22,000.
As of the end of 2008, the highest recorded auction price for an item of Josepha Petrick's work was A$22,800.
The highest recorded auction price for an item of Josepha Petrick's work was set in May 2007.
An image based on a triptych by Josepha Petrick, titled Bush Berries, appears on the cover of a book on the visual perception of motion.
The book on the visual perception of motion is titled Motion Vision.
Central Australian artists frequently paint particular dreamings for which they have responsibility or rights.
The stories painted by Central Australian artists are used to pass important knowledge, cultural values, and belief systems from generation to generation.
Paintings by Josepha Petrick portray two different groups of dreamings.
Paintings by Josepha Petrick are rendered in two distinct styles.
Bush plum dreaming represents a plant of the central Australian desert.
Bush plum dreaming is a source of physical and spiritual sustenance.
Bush plum dreaming reminds local Indigenous people of the sacredness of their country.
Josepha Petrick's paintings of bush plum dreaming are undertaken with red, blue, and orange dots.
The red, blue, and orange dots in Josepha Petrick's paintings represent the fruit at different stages in its development.
Josepha Petrick also paints women’s ceremonies known as Awelye.
Josepha Petrick's paintings of women’s ceremonies include representations of women's ceremonial iconography.
Journalist Zelda Cawthorne described Josepha Petrick as one of the finest contemporary Aboriginal artists.
Art consultant Adrian Newstead has ranked Josepha Petrick among the country’s top 200 Indigenous artists.
Adrian Newstead noted that Josepha Petrick has become known for innovative works.
Josepha Petrick's innovative works create a sense of visual harmony through fine variegated fields of immaculately applied dotting.
Josepha Petrick's style is described by Indigenous art writers Birnberg and Kreczmanski as an interesting, modern interpretation of landscape.
Josepha Petrick's work is held in a variety of public collections.
Josepha Petrick's work is held in a variety of private collections.
Josepha Petrick's work is held in Artbank.
Josepha Petrick's work is held in the Charles Sturt University Collection.
Josepha Petrick's work is held in the Holmes a Court Collection.
Josepha Petrick's work is held in the National Gallery of Victoria.