Tatwine or Tatwin was the tenth Archbishop of Canterbury from 731 to 734.
Tatwine was born around 670.
Tatwine was a Mercian by birth.
Tatwine became a monk at the monastery at Breedon-on-the-Hill.
Tatwine was the abbot of the monastery at Breedon-on-the-Hill.
King Æthelbald influenced Tatwine's appointment as Archbishop of Canterbury in 731.
Tatwine was consecrated as Archbishop of Canterbury on 10 June 731.
Tatwine was one of a number of Mercians appointed to Canterbury during the 730s and 740s.
Tatwine consecrated the Bishops of Lindsey and Selsey in 733.
Tatwine's period as archbishop appears to have been uneventful.
Tatwine died in office on 30 July 734.
Tatwine was later considered a saint.
Tatwine's feast day is 30 July.
Bede's commentary on Tatwine describes him as a man notable for his prudence, devotion, and learning.
Tatwine's two surviving manuscripts of riddles display his qualities of prudence, devotion, and learning.
Tatwine composed four works titled Ars Tatuini.
The Ars Tatuini is one of only two surviving 8th-century Latin grammars from England.
The Ars Tatuini was based on the works of Priscian and Consentius.
The riddles composed by Tatwine deal with diverse topics such as philosophy and charity.
The riddles composed by Tatwine deal with the five senses and the alphabet.
The riddles composed by Tatwine deal with a book and a pen.
The riddles composed by Tatwine are formed in acrostics.
The grammar composed by Tatwine is a reworking of Donatus's Ars Minor.
The grammar composed by Tatwine includes information drawn from other grammarians.
The grammar composed by Tatwine was not designed for newcomers to the Latin language.
The grammar composed by Tatwine is designed for beginners in the Latin language.
The grammar composed by Tatwine covers the eight parts of speech.
The grammar composed by Tatwine includes illustrations drawn from classical scholars.
The grammar composed by Tatwine includes examples drawn from the Psalms.
Tatwine completed his grammar before he became archbishop.
Tatwine's works were used not only in England but also on the continent.
A recent edition of Tatwine's works is titled Tatuini Opera omnia.
Tatuini Opera omnia was published in 1968.
Tatuini Opera omnia includes some translations into English and German from the original Latin.