View of the World from 9th Avenue is a 1976 illustration by Saul Steinberg.
View of the World from 9th Avenue served as the cover of the March 29, 1976 edition of The New Yorker.
The work presents the view from Manhattan of the rest of the world.
Manhattan is shown as the center of the world in the illustration.
View of the World has been parodied by Ted Rall.
View of the World has been parodied by Columbia Pictures.
View of the World has been parodied by The New Yorker.
View of the World has been parodied by The Economist.
View of the World has been parodied by Mad Magazine.
The work has been imitated without authorization in a variety of ways.
The Columbia parody led to a ruling by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
The ruling in Steinberg v. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. was in favor of Saul Steinberg.
The ruling was due to copyright violations by Columbia Pictures.
The work is regarded as one of the greatest magazine covers of recent generations.
The work is studied by art students around the world.
Saul Steinberg created 85 covers for The New Yorker.
Saul Steinberg created 642 internal drawings and illustrations for The New Yorker.
The March 29, 1976 cover is titled "View of the World from 9th Avenue."
"View of the World from 9th Avenue" is regarded as Saul Steinberg's most famous work.
The work is considered an example of unintentional fame.
Saul Steinberg noted that the type of fame from the work has diminished his significance.
The work is sometimes referred to as "A Parochial New Yorker's View of the World."
The work is sometimes referred to as "A New Yorker's View of the World."
The work depicts a map of the world as seen by self-absorbed New Yorkers.
The New Yorker applied for a copyright from the United States Copyright Office for the work.
The New Yorker assigned the copyright to Saul Steinberg.
The New Yorker subsequently reproduced posters of the painting.
The illustration is split into two parts.
The bottom half of the image shows Manhattan's 9th Avenue, 10th Avenue, and the Hudson River.
The bottom half of the image is appropriately labeled.
The top half of the image depicts the rest of the world.
The illustration provides a westward view over 10th Avenue.
The rest of the United States is the size of three New York City blocks.
The rest of the United States is drawn as a rectangle.
The rectangle is bounded by North American neighbors Canada and Mexico.
A thin brown strip along the Hudson represents "Jersey."
The names of five cities are scattered among a few rocks for the United States beyond New Jersey.
The five cities are Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., Las Vegas, Kansas City, and Chicago.
Three states are scattered among a few rocks for the United States beyond New Jersey.
The three states are Texas, Utah, and Nebraska.
New Jersey is in bolder font than the rest of the country beyond the Hudson.
Washington, D.C. is depicted as a remote location near Mexico.
The Pacific Ocean separates the United States from three flattened land masses.
The three flattened land masses are labeled China, Japan, and Russia.
The image depicts the world with a back turned to Europe.
Europe is absent from the painting.
The work is composed in ink, pencil, colored pencil, and watercolor on paper.
The work measures 28 by 19 inches.
The dimensions of the work are 71 cm × 48 cm.
The University of Pennsylvania summarized the work as a "bird's-eye view of the city from Ninth Avenue in a straight line westward."
The University of Pennsylvania described the work as a serious and accurate view of the world.
New York interpreted the New York-centric mind's view of the rest of the world as a set of outer boroughs.
Robert Fulford described the perspective as one in which the entire world is a suburb of Manhattan.
View of the World has been imitated in postcard format by numerous municipalities.
View of the World has been imitated in postcard format by numerous states.
View of the World has been imitated in postcard format by numerous nations.
Saul Steinberg stated that he could have retired on royalties from the many parodies made of the painting.
Saul Steinberg's statement about royalties was contingent on them being paid.
Saul Steinberg had a motivation for his eventual copyright lawsuit for the Moscow on the Hudson use.
Robert Fulford noted that the metaphor of the world as a suburb of Manhattan was understood and borrowed by the whole world.
Local artists presented similarly compelling depictions of their own provincial perceptions.
Fulford mentioned that a high school in suburban Ottawa made imitating View of the World an assignment in its graphic arts class.
The results of the assignment were a worldwide variety of global foci from which the students viewed the world.
The illustration humorously depicts New Yorkers' self-image of their place in the world.
The illustration may depict outsiders' view of New Yorkers' self-image.
The work inspired many similar works.
The poster for the 1984 film Moscow on the Hudson was inspired by the illustration.
The movie poster for Moscow on the Hudson led to a lawsuit.
The lawsuit was Steinberg v. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
The lawsuit held that Columbia Pictures violated the copyright Saul Steinberg held on his work.
On June 5, 2003, Ted Rall presented A View of the World from Pennsylvania Avenue as a parody of View of the World from 9th Avenue.
Ted Rall presented A View of the World from Pennsylvania Avenue in a Universal Press Syndicate editorial cartoon.
Ted Rall replaced the letters representing The New Yorker with The Bushie.
The cover was later satirized by Barry Blitt for the cover of The New Yorker on October 6, 2008.
The cover featured Sarah Palin looking out of her window.
Sarah Palin saw only Alaska from her window.
Russia was in the far background of the cover.
The March 21, 2009 The Economist included a story entitled "How China sees the World."
The story in The Economist presents a parody that is also an homage to the original image.
The parody depicts the viewpoint from Beijing's Chang'an Avenue instead of Manhattan.
A caption above the illustration reads "Illustration by Jon Berkeley (with apologies to Steinberg and The New Yorker)."
The illustration accompanied an article that discussed the burgeoning Chinese economy.
The article discussed the contemporary financial crisis.
The October 1, 2012 cover of Mad Magazine satirized the problems with the September release of Apple Inc.'s iOS 6 mobile operating system.
The September release of Apple Inc.'s iOS 6 mobile operating system included Apple Maps.
Apple Maps was a replacement for Google Maps.
The work presents what View of the World might look like if one had relied upon the September 2012 version of Apple Maps.
On October 17, 2005, the American Society of Magazine Editors unveiled its list of the top 40 magazine covers of the prior 40 years.
View of the World from 9th Avenue was ranked in fourth place on the list.
The listing stated that the work has come to represent Manhattan's telescoped perception of the country beyond the Hudson River.
The cartoon showed the supposed limited mental geography of Manhattanites.