Typhoon Krosa was a typhoon that made landfall in the northern Philippines in late October 2013.
Typhoon Krosa is known in the Philippines as Typhoon Vinta.
Typhoon Krosa formed on October 27 near Guam.
Typhoon Krosa slowly intensified while moving westward.
Typhoon Krosa developed an eye and became a typhoon before striking Luzon on October 31.
Typhoon Krosa weakened over land.
Typhoon Krosa re-intensified over the South China Sea.
Typhoon Krosa reached peak winds of 150 km/h (90 mph) on November 2 off the southeast coast of China.
Typhoon Krosa stalled and encountered unfavorable conditions.
Typhoon Krosa weakened quickly.
By November 3, Typhoon Krosa had weakened to tropical storm status.
Typhoon Krosa was no longer being warned on by November 4.
Typhoon Krosa never reached the northern Philippines.
Typhoon Krosa damaged 32,000 houses in northern Luzon.
Typhoon Krosa destroyed 3,000 houses in northern Luzon.
Typhoon Krosa caused four fatalities in northern Luzon.
High winds and rainfall from Typhoon Krosa left P277 million (PHP, $6.4 million USD) in damage.
On October 27, an area of convection with a broad circulation persisted southeast of Guam.
The area of convection slowly consolidated due to moderate wind shear and westerly outflow.
On October 27, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) classified the system as a tropical depression.
The tropical depression was located about 380 km (235 mi) to the southeast of Hagåtña, Guam.
At 2100 UTC on October 28, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) began issuing advisories on the depression.
PAGASA gave the depression the local name Vinta.
On October 29, the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Krosa (1329).
The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) classified the system as Tropical Depression 29W.
At that time, the storm was moving steadily westward due to the subtropical ridge to the north.
Krosa gradually strengthened due to the warm waters of the Philippine Sea.
Krosa experienced lessening wind shear and improving outflow.
The JTWC upgraded Krosa to tropical storm status on October 30 after an eye feature developed.
Krosa quickly intensified while approaching northern Luzon on October 29.
The initial eye feature organized into a well-defined eye.
Late on October 30, the JTWC upgraded Krosa to typhoon status.
On October 31, both PAGASA and JMA upgraded Krosa to typhoon status.
Krosa made landfall in northeastern Luzon near Cagayan on October 31.
Krosa developed a symmetric eyewall while initially moving over land.
Land interaction weakened the eye of Krosa by the time it emerged into the South China Sea late on October 31.
PAGASA discontinued advisories after Krosa exited the region on November 1.
Convection rebuilt around the center of Krosa.
Favorable conditions allowed for restrengthening of Krosa.
Late on November 1, a large eye redeveloped in Krosa.
The JTWC estimated Krosa attained peak 1-minute sustained winds of 185 km/h (115 mph).
Early on November 2, the JMA estimated Krosa reached peak 10-minute winds of 140 km/h (85 mph).
Increasing wind shear caused the eye of Krosa to deteriorate.
Krosa began slowing about 260 km (160 mi) east-southeast of Hong Kong.
Krosa reached the western edge of the subtropical ridge.
The convection continued to weaken due to continued shear and cooler waters from upwelling.
Krosa deteriorated to tropical storm status on November 3.
The JTWC issued its final advisory on November 4 after the circulation became exposed from the convection.
On November 4, the JMA downgraded Krosa to tropical depression status off the northeast Vietnam coast.
The system dissipated at 0000 UTC on November 5.
Before Krosa struck the Philippines, PAGASA issued a number 3 warning signal for portions of northern Luzon.
Winds were expected to reach over 100 km/h (60 mph) in northern Luzon.
PAGASA noted the potential for flooding and landslides.
High winds knocked down trees across Luzon.
About 80% of Cagayan province was left without power.
Some areas in Cagayan were left without internet or cellphone service.
Portions of the Pan-Philippine Highway were blocked.
In Lal-Lo, Cagayan, a car crashed into a gasoline truck due to power outages.
Agriculture damage was estimated at P273 million (PHP, $6.3 million USD).
Agriculture damage occurred just before the start of the harvest.
The typhoon damaged 32,745 houses across the island.
The typhoon destroyed 3,837 houses across the island.
The typhoon forced 65,648 people to evacuate to storm shelters.
Overall, Krosa killed four people in the Philippines.
Overall, Krosa left P273 million (PHP, $6.4 million USD) in damage.
After the storm, workers quickly restored power lines.
The government provided monetary assistance to storm-ravaged families.
Cagayan was declared a state of calamity.
Members of the Philippine military worked to clean up following the storm.
Members of the Department of Public Works and Highways worked to clean up following the storm.
The China National Meteorological Centre issued a "yellow alert" for Hainan due to the threat of the storm.
The "yellow alert" is the second-lowest of the four-level warning system.
The China National Meteorological Centre recommended boats to return to port.
Agencies in Vietnam warned for the potential of heavy rainfall due to the dissipating Tropical Depression Krosa.
Agencies in Vietnam released water from three dams to prevent overflow.