"Training Day" is the twentieth episode of the seventh season of the American comedy television series The Office.
"Training Day" is the 146th episode overall of The Office.
"Training Day" originally aired on NBC on April 14, 2011.
The episode was written by Daniel Chun.
The episode was directed by Paul Lieberstein.
This episode marks the first appearance of Deangelo Vickers in The Office.
Deangelo Vickers is portrayed by Will Ferrell.
The Office depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.
Michael Scott's replacement appears in the office to start receiving training from Michael Scott.
Deangelo Vickers is the new manager.
Andy Bernard finds himself awkwardly typecast.
Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert worry that they have come on too strong.
Dwight Schrute is apathetic about the new leader.
"Training Day" received mixed reviews from television critics.
Many critics commented on Will Ferrell's appearance in "Training Day."
The episode was viewed by 4.16 million viewers.
"Training Day" received a 4.0/11 percent rating among adults between the ages of 18 and 49.
"Training Day" ranked first in its timeslot.
"Training Day" ultimately ranked as the highest-rated NBC series of the night.
Michael Scott is waiting in a hotel bar for Deangelo Vickers to show up.
Michael Scott meets a man at the bar and the two instantly hit it off.
It is revealed that the man Michael Scott has been talking to is actually Deangelo Vickers.
Michael Scott and Deangelo Vickers take some time to realize that they are talking to each other.
Deangelo Vickers comes to the branch the next day.
Most of the staff is eager to make a good first impression.
Kevin wears his toupee.
Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert believe they have started off well by mentioning their baby.
Deangelo Vickers designates Andy Bernard as the office "funny guy."
Andy Bernard reveals that he carries name tags around to avoid awkward situations.
Dwight Schrute is not pleased that he was not selected to replace Michael Scott.
Dwight Schrute believes that Michael Scott put in a good recommendation for him.
Michael Scott becomes disturbed when Deangelo Vickers wants to make some changes.
Deangelo Vickers wants to change how Erin answers the phone.
Deangelo Vickers gets annoyed with Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert.
Deangelo Vickers loves the antics of Andy Bernard.
Andy Bernard resorts to physical comedy when his jokes fall flat.
Andy Bernard pours hot coffee on his pants.
Deangelo Vickers urges Andy Bernard to eat soap.
Andy Bernard tells the camera that "this is my life now."
Deangelo Vickers' popularity with the employees causes Michael Scott to get jealous.
Michael Scott passes out peanut butter sandwiches despite Deangelo Vickers' peanut allergy.
Deangelo Vickers assembles the staff in the "multipurpose room."
Dwight Schrute learns from Gabe that Michael Scott did not put in a recommendation.
Dwight Schrute snubs Michael Scott.
Jim Halpert tells Michael Scott that he chose to resign his job.
Jim Halpert tells Michael Scott that he needs to come to terms with his choice.
Jim Halpert tells Michael Scott that life is going to go on at the office.
Deangelo Vickers asks Michael Scott for advice on how to run the meeting.
Deangelo Vickers believes that Michael Scott is a good manager.
Deangelo Vickers believes that Dunder Mifflin won't be the same without Michael Scott.
Deangelo Vickers and Michael Scott make up with a reverse hug.
Deangelo Vickers tells Michael Scott that he should start enjoying his retirement.
Michael Scott returns to his office.
Deangelo Vickers conducts his meeting in the conference room.
Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert bring in Cece to impress Deangelo Vickers.
Deangelo Vickers reacts positively to Cece.
Deangelo Vickers reveals to the camera that he is indifferent to Cece.
The episode was written by co-executive producer Daniel Chun.
Daniel Chun has four writing credits for The Office.
The episode was directed by then-showrunner Paul Lieberstein.
Paul Lieberstein has six directing credits for The Office.
The episode marks the first appearance of Will Ferrell's four-episode arc on The Office.
The episode is one of Steve Carell's last episodes as a regular on The Office.
Will Ferrell signed on to appear in Steve Carell's final three episodes.
Will Ferrell signed on to appear in the first episode without Steve Carell, "The Inner Circle."
Steve Carell decided to leave The Office.
Steve Carell wanted to fulfill his contract.
Steve Carell had a contract for seven seasons.
The coming year is Steve Carell's seventh season.
Steve Carell thought it was time for his character to go.
Will Ferrell initially called the producers and offered to appear in Steve Carell's last season.
Will Ferrell is a fan of Steve Carell.
Will Ferrell wanted to commemorate Steve Carell's swan song.
Will Ferrell previously starred alongside Steve Carell in the 2004 film Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy.
The Season Seven DVD contains a number of deleted scenes from "Training Day."
The cut scenes include a sequence in which Michael Scott and Deangelo Vickers discuss cancer jokes.
The cut scenes include a sequence in which Michael Scott and Deangelo Vickers discuss the 2010 film Megamind.
The cut scenes include shots of Michael Scott and Deangelo Vickers discussing their enjoyment for coffee.
The cut scenes include Dwight Schrute attempting to appease his new boss.
"Training Day" was viewed by an estimated 7.871 million viewers in its original American broadcast.
"Training Day" received a 4.0 rating/11% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 in its original American broadcast.
"Training Day" was seen by 4.0% of all 18- to 49-year-olds.
"Training Day" was seen by 11% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast.
"Training Day" was viewed by only 2 million viewers.
The rise in ratings from the previous episode, "Garage Sale," can be attributed to Will Ferrell's guest appearance.
"Training Day" beat the Fox crime drama Bones, which scored a 3.5/10 percent rating in the 18-49 demographic.
"Training Day" beat a rerun of the ABC medical drama Grey's Anatomy.
"Training Day" beat a rerun of the CBS crime drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation.
Cindy White wrote that Deangelo Vickers was not given a proper introduction.
Cindy White wrote that Deangelo Vickers was not distinguished from Michael Scott's character.
Cindy White criticized Jim Halpert, Pam Halpert, and Dwight Schrute's reaction to Deangelo Vickers as the new manager.
Cindy White wrote that it is becoming painfully obvious that the longtime writers do not know what to do with Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert anymore.
Cindy White concluded that "Training Day" continued the seventh season's improvement over the sixth season.
Cindy White concluded that "Training Day" showed potential for future episodes of the season.
Cindy White ultimately gave "Training Day" a 7.5 out of 10 rating.
Cindy White denoted "Training Day" as a "good" episode.
Myles McNutt praised Michael Scott's reactions to the office easily ignoring him for Deangelo Vickers.
Myles McNutt called the final shot of Michael Scott walking into his office alone "quite effective."
Myles McNutt stated that Dwight Schrute's reaction to not being suggested to be Michael Scott's replacement made it more "meaningful."
Myles McNutt stated that the series was not "sophisticated" enough to use the plotline effectively.
Myles McNutt criticized the writing for the cast, stating it made them look "stupid" for "cheap humor."
Myles McNutt criticized the writing for the cast, stating it resulted in "enormously shallow laughter."
Myles McNutt ultimately gave "Training Day" a "C+."
Alan Sepinwall complimented the chemistry between Will Ferrell and Steve Carell.
Alan Sepinwall criticized the storyline, stating it came down to Michael Scott being petulant about not being the center of attention every minute of every day.
Alan Sepinwall negatively compared the storyline to "Viewing Party."
Alan Sepinwall noted that Will Ferrell's presence involved several funny moments.
Bonnie Stiernberg was more positive about "Training Day."
Bonnie Stiernberg preferred the use of comedy in "Training Day" following the emotional episode "Garage Sale."
Bonnie Stiernberg ultimately gave "Training Day" an 8.7 out of 10.
Will Ferrell's performance was especially noted by critics.
Myles McNutt complimented Will Ferrell's "nuanced" performance.
Myles McNutt called Will Ferrell's character "uninteresting."
Bonnie Stiernberg praised Will Ferrell's dynamic with Steve Carell.
Bonnie Stiernberg compared Will Ferrell's dynamic with Steve Carell to their previous roles in Anchorman.
Will Ferrell's later appearances in The Office received mixed reviews.
Myles McNutt called Will Ferrell's scenes a "momentum killer" in "Goodbye, Michael."
Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone called Will Ferrell's performance in "Goodbye, Michael" "pure magic."