Tropical Storm Josephine was the tenth tropical storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Josephine developed out of a strong tropical wave.
The strong tropical wave moved off the African coast on August 31, 2008.
The wave quickly became organized.
The wave was declared Tropical Depression Ten on September 2, 2008.
Tropical Depression Ten was located 170 miles (270 kilometers) to the south-southeast of the Cape Verde Islands on September 2, 2008.
Tropical Depression Ten was quickly upgraded to Tropical Storm Josephine around noon on September 2, 2008.
Tropical Storm Josephine moved in a general west-northwest direction over the next several days.
Tropical Storm Josephine reached its peak intensity early on September 3, 2008.
Strong wind shear caused Tropical Storm Josephine to weaken.
Some of the strong wind shear was due to the outflow of Hurricane Ike.
Dry air caused Tropical Storm Josephine to weaken.
Tropical Storm Josephine weakened into a tropical depression on September 6, 2008.
The combination of wind shear, dry air, and cooling waters caused Tropical Storm Josephine to weaken.
Tropical Storm Josephine deteriorated into a remnant low shortly after September 6, 2008.
Convection continued to dissipate around Tropical Storm Josephine.
The remnant low ultimately dissipated while located 520 miles (835 kilometers) east of Guadeloupe on September 10, 2008.
The remnant moisture from Tropical Storm Josephine led to minor flooding on the island of St. Croix.
Tropical Storm Josephine formed as a tropical wave that emerged off the west coast of Africa near the end of August 2008.
Tropical Storm Josephine tracked south of Cape Verde.
Tropical Storm Josephine slowly developed.
Tropical Depression Ten became Tropical Depression Ten while located south-southeast of the Cape Verde Islands on September 2, 2008.
An eye-like feature developed in the upper levels of Tropical Depression Ten.
Tropical Depression Ten was upgraded to Tropical Storm Josephine six hours after forming.
Tropical Storm Josephine was located in an area supportive for rapid intensification.
Tropical Storm Josephine was not forecast to intensify quickly.
Tropical Storm Josephine continued to intensify throughout the afternoon on September 2, 2008.
Tropical Storm Josephine became more symmetrical as it intensified.
There was a lack of accurate wind speed readings for Tropical Storm Josephine.
The National Hurricane Center was uncertain of the actual intensity of Tropical Storm Josephine.
The center of Tropical Storm Josephine became slightly exposed and ceased further intensification.
Tropical Storm Josephine was heading into an area where shear was forecasted to significantly increase.
The upper-level trough was diving southward.
Convection was partially removed from the center of Tropical Storm Josephine.
Tropical Storm Josephine intensified slightly in the early morning hours on September 3, 2008.
Thunderstorm activity to the south of the center of Tropical Storm Josephine became more organized.
The intensification of Tropical Storm Josephine was forecast to be short in duration.
The trough to the north was deepening.
The wind shear to the west of Tropical Storm Josephine became stronger.
Tropical Storm Josephine reached its peak intensity of 65 mph (100 km/h) around 8 a.m. (EDT) on September 3, 2008.
Tropical Storm Josephine continued to become more organized after reaching peak intensity.
There were indications that Tropical Storm Josephine had already begun to weaken.
Outflow towards the north was becoming restricted for Tropical Storm Josephine.
Arc clouds began emanating from Tropical Storm Josephine.
Dry air was entering the system of Tropical Storm Josephine.
The structure of Tropical Storm Josephine began to rapidly deteriorate during the afternoon hours on September 3, 2008.
Strong wind shear and dry air affected the structure of Tropical Storm Josephine.
By late night on September 3, 2008, the center of Tropical Storm Josephine was almost completely exposed.
Only a band of convection persisted near the center of Tropical Storm Josephine.
A large, deep burst of convection formed in the northern semicircle of Tropical Storm Josephine.
The center of Tropical Storm Josephine shifted towards the new convection.
The increase in intensity of Tropical Storm Josephine was due to the shift towards the new convection.
The forecast showed a slight decrease in wind shear as Tropical Storm Josephine continued westward.
No change in intensity over the 5-day forecast was predicted for Tropical Storm Josephine.
The convection around Tropical Storm Josephine decreased once more.
The low became completely exposed by late morning on September 4, 2008.
Tropical Storm Josephine weakened again after becoming exposed.
By the afternoon of September 4, 2008, the center of Tropical Storm Josephine was only a swirl of clouds.
The center of Tropical Storm Josephine was devoid of convection by the afternoon of September 4, 2008.
Convection associated with Tropical Storm Josephine began to redevelop during the overnight hours on September 4 into the morning of September 5, 2008.
The redevelopment of convection was mostly to the north of the circulation of Tropical Storm Josephine.
Tropical Storm Josephine re-intensified slightly by mid-morning on September 5, 2008.
The redevelopment of convection for Tropical Storm Josephine was short-lived.
Wind shear again took its toll on Tropical Storm Josephine by late morning on September 5, 2008.
The convection around Tropical Storm Josephine became dislocated from the center.
Tropical Storm Josephine weakened slightly after the convection became dislocated.
The strengthening trend continued through the afternoon on September 5, 2008.
Tropical Storm Josephine was affected by strong southerly shear.
Tropical Storm Josephine became almost fully devoid of any convection by mid-afternoon on September 5, 2008.
Tropical Storm Josephine weakened to 40 mph (65 km/h) by mid-afternoon on September 5, 2008.
Tropical Storm Josephine barely held on to tropical storm status at 40 mph (65 km/h).
Tropical Storm Josephine regained a small amount of convection in the late night hours on September 5, 2008.
The small amount of convection was not enough for Tropical Storm Josephine to still be classified as a tropical storm.
Tropical Storm Josephine was downgraded to a Tropical Depression at 11 p.m. (EDT) on September 5, 2008.
The winds of Tropical Depression Josephine were 35 mph (55 km/h) at the time of downgrade.
There was no convection around Tropical Depression Josephine.
Tropical Depression Josephine would have normally been classified as a remnant low.
Tropical Depression Josephine was considered a tropical depression due to the possibility of regenerating over the next several days.
Tropical Depression Josephine was downgraded to a remnant low the next morning after September 5, 2008.
Strong wind shear and dry air caused the demise of Tropical Depression Josephine.
No redevelopment was expected with Tropical Depression Josephine.
Tropical Depression Josephine began to move over colder waters.
Tropical Depression Josephine remained under strong wind shear until it dissipated.
The remnant low associated with Tropical Depression Josephine began to show signs of redevelopment during the afternoon on September 7, 2008.
Convection around the remnant low increased significantly.
The remnant low was no longer exposed after the convection increased.
Wind shear took over the remnant low again on September 8, 2008.
Convection around the remnant low was torn away on September 8, 2008.
The remnant low became exposed once more on September 8, 2008.
The National Hurricane Center did not state the chance of regeneration once the remnant low became exposed.
Wind shear and dry air led to the remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine deteriorating into an open wave on September 9, 2008.
The remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine redeveloped on September 10, 2008.
Global models picked up on the reformed system of the remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine.
The chance of regeneration was possible as the remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine headed towards the Bahamas.
Dry air and wind shear caused the remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine to dissipate entirely on September 14, 2008.
Outer rain bands produced minor rainfall as Tropical Storm Josephine passed to the south of the Cape Verde Islands on September 2, 2008.
The total rainfall from the outer rain bands was around 0.55 inches (14 mm).
There were no reports of damage or flooding from the rain associated with Tropical Storm Josephine.
The overall effects of Tropical Storm Josephine were minor.
Several days after the low dissipated, the remnant moisture from Tropical Storm Josephine brought showers and thunderstorms to St. Croix.
Up to 1 inch (25.4 mm) of rain fell in St. Croix due to the remnant moisture from Tropical Storm Josephine.
The heavy rains in St. Croix led to minor street flooding.
The heavy rains in St. Croix led to some urban flooding.
No known damage was caused by the flood in St. Croix.