The 154th Boat Race took place on 29 March 2008.
The Boat Race is held annually.
The Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
The Boat Race takes place along the River Thames.
Oxford won the race.
Oxford's crew featured the oldest competitor in Boat Race history.
The oldest competitor in Boat Race history is 36-year-old American Mike Wherley.
The race took place in very difficult weather conditions.
The weather conditions included strong winds and heavy rain.
The race resulted in the slowest winning time in over sixty years.
Oxford won by six lengths.
The six lengths is the largest margin of victory since the 2004 race.
Cambridge's Goldie beat Oxford's Isis in the reserve race.
The Boat Race was first held in 1829.
The Boat Race takes place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course.
The Championship Course is located on the River Thames in southwest London.
The rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge is a major point of honour.
The rivalry is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
The rivalry is broadcast worldwide.
Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions.
Cambridge beat Oxford by over a length in the previous year's race.
Cambridge has an overall lead with 79 victories.
Oxford has 73 victories.
The race was sponsored by Xchanging for the fourth time.
The first Women's Boat Race took place in 1927.
The Women's Boat Race did not become an annual fixture until the 1960s.
The contest was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races until 2014.
As of the 2015 race, the Women's Boat Race is held on the River Thames.
The Women's Boat Race is held on the same day as the men's main and reserve races.
The reserve race has been contested between Oxford's Isis boat and Cambridge's Goldie boat since 1965.
The reserve race usually takes place on the Tideway prior to the main Boat Race.
Oxford's crew weighed an average of 12 pounds (5.4 kg) more per rower than Cambridge's crew.
Cambridge's crew consisted of six Britons.
Cambridge's crew consisted of two Australians.
Cambridge's crew consisted of one American.
Oxford's crew comprised four Americans.
Oxford's crew comprised three Britons.
Oxford's crew comprised one Australian.
Oxford's crew comprised one German.
Both coxes were former Blues.
Nick Brodie is one of the coxes.
Rebecca Dowbiggin is one of the coxes.
Tom Edwards is a 30-year-old rower who returned to Cambridge's crew.
Tom Edwards rowed in 2006.
Dan O'Shaughnessy is Cambridge's boat club president.
Dan O'Shaughnessy was the seventh Light Blue president not to row in his own Blue Boat.
Oxford were pre-race favourites.
Cambridge won the toss.
Cambridge elected to start from the Surrey station.
Oxford took an early lead.
The boats closed on each other.
Umpire John Garrett was forced to issue a number of warnings to both coxes.
The warnings were issued in an attempt to prevent a collision.
By Craven Cottage, Oxford were nearly a length ahead.
Cambridge responded to Oxford's lead.
By the time the crews passed under Hammersmith Bridge, they were level.
Along Chiswick Eyot, Oxford moved ahead once again.
Oxford were clear of Cambridge after 30 strokes.
Oxford extended their lead.
Oxford passed the finishing post in 20 minutes 53 seconds.
Oxford finished six lengths ahead of Cambridge.
Oxford finished 22 seconds ahead of Cambridge.
Driving rain, strong winds, and choppy water resulted in the slowest winning time for over sixty years.
Oxford's Isis beat Cambridge's Goldie by three-and-a-quarter lengths in the reserve race.
Oxford won the 44th running of the Women's Boat Race by half a length.
Oxford's Oliver Moore said "we got the rage going in the crew, and we started to kill it, we hit an awesome rhythm."
Cambridge coach Duncan Holland congratulated Oxford.
Duncan Holland said "Well done to Oxford, they were much faster on the day."
Following tradition, the victorious Oxford crew tossed their cox Brodie into the Thames.