Capel Lligwy is a ruined chapel near Rhos Lligwy in Anglesey, north Wales. Capel Lligwy dates back to the first half of the 12th century. The original purpose of Capel Lligwy is unknown. Capel Lligwy might have been used as a memorial chapel. Capel Lligwy might have been used in connection with a local royal court. Capel Lligwy might have been used as a chapel of ease in a large parish. Capel Lligwy was used as a private place of worship for a nearby house until the early 18th century. Capel Lligwy later fell into disrepair. The walls of Capel Lligwy still remain. There are some traces of render on the walls of Capel Lligwy internally. Capel Lligwy has no roof. Capel Lligwy contains a 16th-century side chapel. The side chapel of Capel Lligwy has a vault beneath it. The vault beneath the side chapel of Capel Lligwy was used as a burial chamber. Capel Lligwy is a Grade II listed building. The Grade II listing of Capel Lligwy is a national designation. The Grade II listing of Capel Lligwy is given to buildings of special interest. The Grade II listing of Capel Lligwy warrants every effort being made to preserve it. Capel Lligwy is a substantially 12th-century structure. Capel Lligwy has an unusual 16th-century vaulted south chapel. The oldest parts of Capel Lligwy date from the first half of the 12th century. Many churches on Anglesey in north-west Wales were first built in stone following the end of Viking raids. The Normans attempted to gain control of Anglesey. Capel Lligwy is in the city center of Anglesey near Llanallgo. The reason for the construction of Capel Lligwy is unknown. The saint to whom Capel Lligwy was dedicated is unknown. Geraint Jones authored a 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey. Geraint Jones suggests that Capel Lligwy may originally have been a memorial chapel. Geraint Jones suggests that Capel Lligwy may have been connected to a royal court nearby. Yates and Longley authored a 2001 guide to ancient Anglesey monuments. Yates and Longley note that Capel Lligwy was built in the large parish of Penrhos Lligwy. Capel Lligwy was perhaps intended to serve the expanding population in medieval times. Capel Lligwy seems to have remained a chapel of ease. Capel Lligwy did not become a parish church in its own right. Capel Lligwy is sometimes referred to as "Hen Gapel Lligwy." "Hen" is the Welsh word for "old." "Capel" means "chapel." The walls of Capel Lligwy were partially rebuilt in the 14th century. The upper parts of the walls of Capel Lligwy date from the 14th century. A chapel was added to the south side of Capel Lligwy in the 16th century. A vault under the south chapel of Capel Lligwy was used to bury members of a local family, the Pierce Lloyds. In 1999, the vault of Capel Lligwy was used to record some "atmospheres" for the album "You Have Just Been Poisoned By The Serpents." The album "You Have Just Been Poisoned By The Serpents" was created by The Serpents. The Serpents is a collective of Welsh musicians. The collective includes members of Echo and the Bunnymen, Super Furry Animals, and Ectogram. A journalist described The Serpents as "possibly the strangest pop group of all time." For a time, Capel Lligwy was used as a private place of worship for Lligwy House. Lligwy House is a "venerable mansion." Lligwy House was once owned by the Lloyd family. Lligwy House came into the possession of William Irby, 1st Baron Boston, in the 18th century. After the early part of the 18th century, Capel Lligwy became unused. Capel Lligwy began to fall into disrepair. The walls of Capel Lligwy remain to gable level. There are some traces of render on the inside of Capel Lligwy. The roof of Capel Lligwy has gone. Capel Lligwy is in the Anglesey countryside near Llanallgo. The parish church of St Gallgo, Llanallgo is about 0.78 miles (1.26 km) away from Capel Lligwy. Part of the churchyard wall of Capel Lligwy remains. The churchyard wall shows that Capel Lligwy was originally within a mainly circular enclosure. Circular enclosures are often found with early churches. Capel Lligwy is cared for by Cadw. Cadw is the Welsh Assembly Government body responsible for the built heritage of Wales. Capel Lligwy is open to the public. Capel Lligwy is built from rubble masonry. At about 5 feet (1.5 m) up the walls of Capel Lligwy, the style changes. Smaller stones are inserted into spaces between the larger blocks at about 5 feet (1.5 m) up the walls of Capel Lligwy. The change in style shows where the 14th-century rebuilding started. The doorway of Capel Lligwy is on the south side. The doorway of Capel Lligwy is headed by a plain arch. The doorway of Capel Lligwy dates from the 12th century. Capel Lligwy has a stone bellcote at the west end. There is no structural division between the nave and the chancel of Capel Lligwy. There are no window openings on the north side of Capel Lligwy. There is a blocked opening to the east of Capel Lligwy. The blocked opening to the east of Capel Lligwy is about 5 feet (1.5 m) wide. There are the remains of a window on the south wall of Capel Lligwy. There is a blocked window in the south wall of the south chapel of Capel Lligwy. The vault of Capel Lligwy is about 27 square feet (2.5 m²). The vault of Capel Lligwy is reached by stone steps from inside the south chapel. Limestone slabs form the roof of the vault of Capel Lligwy. Limestone slabs form the floor of the chapel above the vault of Capel Lligwy. A stone in the nave of Capel Lligwy is about 2 square feet (0.19 m²). The stone in the nave of Capel Lligwy has a hole in the top. The stone in the nave of Capel Lligwy might once have been used as a churchyard cross. Capel Lligwy has national recognition. Capel Lligwy has statutory protection from alteration. Capel Lligwy has been designated as a Grade II listed building. The Grade II listing of Capel Lligwy is the lowest of the three grades of listing. The Grade II listing designates buildings of special interest. The Grade II listing warrants every effort being made to preserve Capel Lligwy. Capel Lligwy was given Grade II status on 2 September 1952. Capel Lligwy has been listed because it is important as a substantially 12th-century structure. Some architectural details from the early period of Capel Lligwy survive. Capel Lligwy is now in a ruinous condition. Cadw is responsible for the inclusion of Welsh buildings on the statutory lists. Cadw notes the unusual 16th-century vaulted south chapel of Capel Lligwy. Angharad Llwyd was a 19th-century antiquarian. Angharad Llwyd mentioned Capel Lligwy in her history of Anglesey. Angharad Llwyd said that the architecture of Capel Lligwy was of "the rudest kind." Angharad Llwyd said that the architecture of Capel Lligwy bears testimony to its great antiquity. Angharad Llwyd recounted that a fox had once taken shelter in the ruins of Capel Lligwy. Angharad Llwyd recounted that when the fox was dug out, the vault was discovered. The vault contained several human skeletons. The human skeletons crumbled into dust when exposed to the air. Angharad Llwyd added that further exploration of the vault revealed a large mass of human bones. The large mass of human bones was several feet in depth. A 1990 book about abandoned churches in Wales refers to the ancient monuments in this part of Anglesey. The 1990 book calls Capel Lligwy a "medieval gesture of Christian power in a land so obviously imbued with the spirit of a pagan past." The 1990 book notes that "the wheel has turned full circle and Capel Lligwy today is just another ruined relic of a former age." The authors of the 1990 book describe Capel Lligwy as a "simple, square building." The authors describe Capel Lligwy as having a "small and ruggedly austere south chapel." The authors add that the stone slabs over the vault of Capel Lligwy are "almost in imitation of the ancient burial chambers which dot the surrounding landscape."