B of the Bang was a sculpture by Thomas Heatherwick.
B of the Bang was located next to the City of Manchester Stadium in Manchester, England.
B of the Bang was commissioned to mark the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
B of the Bang was one of the tallest structures in Manchester.
B of the Bang was the tallest sculpture in the UK until the completion of Aspire in 2008.
B of the Bang was taller than the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
B of the Bang leaned at a greater angle than the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
B of the Bang took its name from a quotation of British sprinter Linford Christie.
Linford Christie said that he started his races at the "B of the Bang."
B of the Bang was commissioned in 2003.
Construction of B of the Bang overran.
The official unveiling of B of the Bang was delayed until 12 January 2005.
Six days before the launch, the tip of one of the spikes detached and fell to the ground.
The sculpture suffered three visible structural problems.
Legal action started a year after the unveiling of B of the Bang.
The legal action resulted in an out-of-court settlement totaling £1.7 million.
In February 2009, Manchester City Council announced that B of the Bang would be dismantled.
B of the Bang was to be placed in storage.
The core and legs of B of the Bang were cut apart during removal.
The core of B of the Bang was sold for scrap in July 2012.
The 180 spikes of B of the Bang remain in storage.
B of the Bang originally stood 56 metres tall.
B of the Bang was 184 feet tall.
B of the Bang had 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes.
The spikes radiated from a central core.
B of the Bang was angled at 30 degrees.
B of the Bang was supported by five tapered steel legs.
Each leg of B of the Bang was 25 metres long.
The legs connected to the spikes 22 metres above the ground.
B of the Bang weighed 165 tonnes.
The concrete in the foundations of B of the Bang weighed over 1,000 tonnes.
The foundations of B of the Bang included a 400 m² reinforced concrete slab.
The foundations of B of the Bang are 20 metres deep.
B of the Bang was made from weathering steel, also known as Cor-Ten.
Weathering steel develops a tightly adhering oxide layer when exposed to the elements.
The oxide layer inhibits further corrosion by reducing permeability to water.
The spikes of B of the Bang swayed slightly in the wind.
B of the Bang was designed to withstand gusts in excess of 100 mph.
A time capsule was placed in one of the spikes of B of the Bang.
The time capsule contained children's poems and paintings.
The time capsule is due to be opened circa 2300.
The location of the time capsule after dismantling is currently unknown.
B of the Bang was located at Sportcity in Beswick.
B of the Bang was at the corner of Alan Turing Way and Ashton New Road.
B of the Bang was nicknamed KerPlunk by locals.
B of the Bang was nicknamed after a popular children's game from the 1970s.
B of the Bang was Britain's tallest sculpture prior to the construction of Aspire.
B of the Bang was well over twice the height of the Angel of the North.
The Angel of the North stands at 66 feet tall.
B of the Bang was designed to look like an exploding firework.
B of the Bang was commissioned by New East Manchester Limited.
B of the Bang was commissioned to commemorate the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
The design of B of the Bang was selected by a panel of local residents and art experts.
The selection process for the design of B of the Bang was via a competition in 2002.
B of the Bang was designed by Thomas Heatherwick.
B of the Bang was constructed in Sheffield.
B of the Bang was constructed by Thomas Heatherwick Studio.
B of the Bang was constructed by Packman Lucas.
B of the Bang was constructed by Flint and Neill.
B of the Bang was constructed by Westbury Structures.
B of the Bang was approved at the start of 2003.
The central core of B of the Bang arrived in Manchester on 13 June 2004.
The central core was the largest load that could be transferred via road from the factory.
The transfer of the central core required a police escort.
The central core of B of the Bang was lifted into place in August 2004.
The attachment of the 180 spikes began after the central core was lifted into place.
Early estimates for the completion date of B of the Bang were optimistic.
The optimistic completion date for B of the Bang was July 2003.
B of the Bang gained the nickname G of the Bang.
The official unveiling of B of the Bang took place on 12 January 2005.
The total cost to design and construct B of the Bang was £1.42 million.
The cost to design and construct B of the Bang was twice the original estimate.
The initial costing for B of the Bang neglected to include installation costs.
Funding for B of the Bang was sourced from a European Regional Development Fund contribution of £700,000.
Funding for B of the Bang was sourced from the North West Development Agency, contributing £500,000.
Funding for B of the Bang was sourced from Manchester City Council, providing £120,000.
The tip of one of the 2.1 m spikes detached and fell from B of the Bang on 6 January 2005.
The detachment of the spike occurred only six days before the official unveiling.
The event went ahead as planned after inspection of B of the Bang.
In May 2005, a second spike had to be cut off by firefighters.
The second spike was discovered hanging loose.
At that time, B of the Bang was closed off to the public.
The junction and pathway near B of the Bang were temporarily closed.
Some of the joints of B of the Bang were re-welded.
Equipment was put in place to prevent excessive movement of B of the Bang.
The equipment consisted of retrofitting tip weights to 70% of the spikes' weights.
B of the Bang remained fenced off despite modifications.
A local newspaper campaign was launched to 'Get It Sorted.'
In May 2006, a total of nine spikes were removed from B of the Bang.
The nine spikes were taken away for metallurgical analysis.
The metallurgical analysis aimed to discover the stresses being placed on the steel.
In October 2007, Manchester City Council announced legal action against the makers of B of the Bang.
The aim of the legal action was to complete the necessary repairs to B of the Bang.
In November 2008, an out-of-court settlement was reached.
The out-of-court settlement was between Manchester City Council and the project’s designers.
The project’s designers included Thomas Heatherwick Studio Ltd.
The project’s designers included Packman Lucas Ltd.
The project’s designers included Flint and Neill Partnership.
The project’s designers included Westbury Structures Ltd.
The agreement of the out-of-court settlement was to pay Manchester City Council £1.7 million in damages.
The damages were for breach of contract and negligence.
In January 2009, the city council recommended that B of the Bang should be dismantled.
The city council recommended that B of the Bang should be placed in storage.
The city council recommended that funds should be raised for the safe reinstatement of B of the Bang.
The report recognized the aesthetic value of B of the Bang for Manchester.
Manchester City Council committed itself to working with the artist.
The aim was to reach a long-term solution for B of the Bang.
One possibility involved the replacement of the steel spikes with alternatives made from carbon fibre.
The report underlined the necessity for extensive testing of the alternatives.
In January 2009, Antony Gormley criticized B of the Bang.
Antony Gormley is the creator of the Angel of the North.
Antony Gormley stated that it is a great disappointment to Manchester that B of the Bang was commissioned.
Antony Gormley stated that allowing B of the Bang to disappear would be a loss of an inspirational artwork.
Antony Gormley stated that allowing B of the Bang to disappear would be a loss of the council's nerve.
Removal of B of the Bang began in April 2009.
More substantial hoarding was erected around the site of B of the Bang.
Demolition firm Connell Brothers Limited began removing the spikes of B of the Bang.
Connell Brothers Limited used oxyacetylene cutting equipment to remove the spikes.
The council had promised to store the complex central core and legs of B of the Bang.
The central core and legs of B of the Bang were cut apart during removal.
The cutting apart of the central core and legs cast doubt on future prospects for B of the Bang's return.
In early July 2012, the core of B of the Bang was sold as scrap for £17,000.