"... Thirteen Years Later" is the fifth episode of the third season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.
"... Thirteen Years Later" premiered on the Fox network on October 30, 1998.
Perry has described the production "... Thirteen Years Later" as being "one of the easiest" of the series' run.
The episode was written by Michael R. Perry.
The episode was directed by Thomas J. Wright.
"... Thirteen Years Later" featured guest appearances by the members of the band Kiss.
The members of the band Kiss performed both as themselves and as minor characters in the episode.
Federal Bureau of Investigation agents Frank Black and Emma Hollis investigate a series of murders on the set of a horror film.
Frank Black and Emma Hollis realize that the production is based on a case Frank Black solved several years earlier.
The production of "... Thirteen Years Later" proved a difficult episode to produce.
Filming of "... Thirteen Years Later" required a large number of shots to be completed.
The script of "... Thirteen Years Later" had to be adjusted on short notice.
"... Thirteen Years Later" has evoked mixed responses from critics.
The guest appearances by the members of Kiss have been more universally criticized.
Frank Black and Emma Hollis travel to Travelers Rest, South Carolina.
Frank Black and Emma Hollis investigate the deaths of film director Lew Carroll and Marta Danbury.
Lew Carroll is the film director.
Marta Danbury is the leading actress in Lew Carroll's newest film.
The local sheriff guides Frank Black and Emma Hollis through the murder scene.
Frank Black realizes that the film is based on a real murder case he investigated thirteen years previously.
Frank Black is shocked to learn that the true story is being sensationalized for the screen.
Frank Black and Emma Hollis interview the cast and crew as suspects.
Many cast and crew members would benefit from either of the deaths.
Kenny Neiderman had been having an affair with Marta Danbury.
Rowdy Beeman replaced Lew Carroll as director.
Ruby Dahl and Ramona Tangent's roles in the film will expand without Marta Danbury.
Mark Bianco is a method actor relishing the opportunity to meet Frank Black.
Hugo Winston is the man whose partner was murdered in the earlier case.
Hugo Winston is campaigning against what he sees as a disrespectful production.
The production continues after the investigation begins.
After the filming of a pool scene, the crew gathers in catering.
Rowdy Beeman discovers a severed finger in his sandwich.
Rowdy Beeman recognizes from the severed finger's ring that it belonged to Kenny Neiderman.
The sheriff shuts down production.
Frank Black theorizes that the killer may target the crew's hotel.
Frank Black and Emma Hollis arrive at the crew's hotel.
Frank Black and Emma Hollis find the body of the film's publicist hanging from a rope.
A film extra confesses to the killings the next day.
Frank Black pokes holes in the film extra's story.
Frank Black discovers the film extra is not a credible perpetrator.
Production is resumed after the confession.
Several crew members are found with their throats cut shortly after production is resumed.
Hugo Winston's body hangs nearby in an apparent murder-suicide.
Frank Black doubts that Hugo Winston is the killer.
Emma Hollis stays in the hotel while Frank Black visits the production's climactic shoot.
The climactic shoot is set during a performance by the band Kiss.
The sheriff's body is thrown down from the rafters during the climactic shoot.
Frank Black realizes that horror films end with the leading lady being targeted.
The killer is after Emma Hollis.
Frank Black races back to Emma Hollis's hotel.
Frank Black discovers Emma Hollis fending off a chainsaw-wielding Mark Bianco.
Frank Black is able to subdue Mark Bianco after Emma Hollis disables the chainsaw.
Mark Bianco explains that he lacked Frank Black's insight.
Mark Bianco had to commit the crimes in order to see through the eyes of a killer.
"... Thirteen Years Later" is the second episode of Millennium to have been written by Michael R. Perry.
Michael R. Perry had previously penned the second season episode "The Mikado."
Michael R. Perry would provide a further three scripts in the third season.
Thomas J. Wright directed a total of twenty-six episodes across all three seasons.
Thomas J. Wright directed "Millennium," the series' crossover episode with its sister show The X-Files.
The episode features guest appearances by the members of the band Kiss.
The members of the band Kiss are Peter Criss, Ace Frehley, Gene Simmons, and Paul Stanley.
The members of the band Kiss portray both themselves and a small cameo role.
The band members insisted during filming that their roles be given an equal amount of dialogue.
Perry was asked to amend scenes on short notice due to the band members' request.
Perry faxed updated scripts to the shooting locations.
Much of the additional material was filmed but not used in the episode.
Ace Frehley was unenthusiastic towards his role.
Ace Frehley requested to play a "300-pound black man" instead.
Ace Frehley wished to wear a fat suit like those used in the 1996 Eddie Murphy film The Nutty Professor.
Ace Frehley was eventually convinced that such a suit would take too long to fabricate.
Perry has described the production "... Thirteen Years Later" as being "one of the most gruelling" of the series' run.
Perry cited the abundance of stunt work and physical effects as the cause of the production's difficulty.
Perry praised Thomas J. Wright for his ability to direct the episode within the usual time constraints.
Perry felt the number of shots involved was more akin to a feature film than a television episode.
Jeff Yagher played killer Mark Bianco.
Jeff Yagher is the husband of actress Megan Gallagher.
Megan Gallagher starred in the first two seasons of Millennium as Frank Black's wife Catherine.
"... Thirteen Years Later" was first broadcast on the Fox network on October 30, 1998.
The episode earned a Nielsen rating of 5.4 during its original broadcast.
5.4 percent of households in the United States viewed the episode.
This represented approximately 5.37 million households.
"... Thirteen Years Later" received mixed reviews from critics.
The A.V. Club's Todd VanDerWerff rated the episode a "B."
Todd VanDerWerff felt that the episode's comedic slant was necessary within the wider series.
Todd VanDerWerff considered Millennium's dark tone to be prone to unintentional comedy.
A comic episode provided an outlet for the unintentional comedy in Millennium.
Todd VanDerWerff found the script to be at its strongest when satirizing the character of Frank Black.
Todd VanDerWerff admitted that the script "falls apart" when attempting to send up other subjects.
Todd VanDerWerff felt that the guest appearance by Kiss felt unnecessary and contrived.
Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson rated "... Thirteen Years Later" one star out of five.
Robert Shearman felt that the episode had the potential to be much better.
Robert Shearman believed that "the whole concept drowns in overkill."
Robert Shearman considered the episode's characters to be too shallow.
Robert Shearman considered the episode's commentary to be too heavy-handed to fully execute anything meaningful.
Criticism was levelled at the guest roles by the members of Kiss.