Hurricane Beatriz was a Category 1 hurricane.
Hurricane Beatriz killed four people.
Hurricane Beatriz brushed the western coast of Mexico in June 2011.
Hurricane Beatriz originated from an area of disturbed weather on June 19.
Hurricane Beatriz originated several hundred miles south of Mexico.
Hurricane Beatriz gradually intensified.
Hurricane Beatriz gained latitude.
Hurricane Beatriz became increasingly organized.
Hurricane Beatriz reached hurricane status on the evening of June 20.
Hurricane Beatriz attained winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) on June 21.
Hurricane Beatriz passed roughly 15 miles (20 km) off the coast of Mexico.
Hurricane Beatriz abruptly weakened hours after passing near Mexico.
Hurricane Beatriz dissipated over open waters early on June 22.
Hurricane watches and warnings were issued for coastal areas prior to Beatriz's arrival in Mexico.
Hundreds of shelters opened across the states of Colima and Guerrero.
Heavy rains from Hurricane Beatriz triggered significant flooding along the Sabana River in Acapulco.
Heavy rains from Hurricane Beatriz killed four people.
The overall effects of Hurricane Beatriz were limited.
The rains from Hurricane Beatriz were largely beneficial in mitigating a severe drought.
On June 16, 2011, a trough situated off the southern coast of Guatemala showed signs of possible tropical cyclogenesis.
The system remained broad and disorganized as it moved slowly west-northwestward.
Convection consolidated around an area of low pressure.
A Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert was issued for the system on June 18.
The system was expected to develop into a tropical depression within 24 hours.
On June 19, the low further developed and was declared Tropical Depression Two-E by the National Hurricane Center at 1500 UTC.
Tropical Depression Two-E was located about 335 miles (540 km) south-southeast of Lázaro Cárdenas, Mexico.
The depression had actually developed nine hours earlier after post-analysis.
The depression was forecast to move into a favorable environment characterized by low wind shear and sea surface temperatures up to 86 °F (30 °C).
Three hours after classification, the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Beatriz.
Tropical Storm Beatriz was the second named storm of the season.
Convection increased markedly early on June 20.
Several overshooting tops appeared on satellite imagery.
A notable increase in southerly outflow took place.
As the subtropical ridge north of the storm weakened, Beatriz acquired a more northerly component to its track.
The center of Hurricane Beatriz moved closer to Mexico.
Convective bands gradually wrapped around Hurricane Beatriz throughout June 20.
A hurricane hunter aircraft found Hurricane Beatriz just below hurricane strength on June 20.
Hurricane Beatriz was upgraded just a few hours later while situated roughly 85 miles (140 km) southeast of Manzanillo, Mexico.
A 23 to 29 miles (37 to 47 km) wide eye developed within the central dense overcast early on June 21.
The National Hurricane Center estimated Hurricane Beatriz to have attained winds of 90 mph (150 km/h).
The National Hurricane Center estimated Hurricane Beatriz to have a barometric pressure of 977 mbar (hPa; 28.85 inHg).
Estimates from the University of Wisconsin and the Satellite Analysis Branch suggested Hurricane Beatriz could have winds of 105 mph (165 km/h).
Hurricane Beatriz did not brush the coast of Mexico on June 21.
The center of Hurricane Beatriz passed roughly 15 miles (20 km) south-southeast of La Fortuna, Mexico.
Hurricane Beatriz interacted with land and began weakening.
Convection rapidly diminished as dry air became entrained in the circulation.
The National Hurricane Center downgraded Hurricane Beatriz to a tropical storm.
Rapid weakening continued throughout June 21.
By the evening of June 21, Hurricane Beatriz no longer had a defined circulation.
The final advisory was issued on Hurricane Beatriz.
The storm's remnants persisted for several more hours before dissipating roughly 175 miles (280 km) southwest of Cabo Corrientes, Mexico.
Following the classification of Tropical Depression Two-E on June 19, the Government of Mexico issued a tropical storm warning for coastal areas between Zihuatanejo and Manzanillo.
A hurricane watch was put in place from Tecpán de Galeana to Punta San Telmo.
The tropical storm warning was upgraded to a hurricane warning on June 19.
The hurricane watch was extended westward to La Fortuna.
As Hurricane Beatriz continued to strengthen, the watches and warnings were extended westward to Cabo Corrientes on June 20.
The easternmost advisories were discontinued early on June 21 as Hurricane Beatriz moved away.
All watches and warnings were discontinued later on June 21 in light of Hurricane Beatriz's rapid weakening.
Residents in Colima and Jalisco were warned of heavy rains that could trigger flooding and mudslides.
Schools across Colima and Jalisco canceled classes for June 21.
A total of 236 shelters were opened to the public in Colima.
The Mexican Navy was placed on standby for hurricane relief.
A total of 980 temporary shelters were opened in Guerrero.
Many temporary shelters in Guerrero were located in Acapulco.
Many residents in Guerrero were expected to evacuate flood-prone areas.
An orange-level alert was issued for portions of Chiapas in light of potentially heavy rains.
The Servicio Meteorológico Nacional advised that all air and sea traffic be suspended until the passage of Hurricane Beatriz.
Hurricane Beatriz produced heavy rain across Guerrero, peaking at 222.5 mm (8.76 in) in Copala, Guerrero.
Several homes across Guerrero were damaged.
No homes were destroyed across Guerrero.
Hurricane Beatriz inundated 380 homes in Acapulco with flood waters.
Evacuations were prompted in areas built in 1999 to relocate residents after Hurricane Pauline.
Several landslides blocked off roads in Guerrero.
A 100 m (330 ft) section of a roundabout was destroyed in Guerrero.
Three people were killed in the community of Amatillo after being washed away by flood waters.
Heavy rains from Hurricane Beatriz caused the Sabana River to overflow its banks.
One hundred fifty homes across 14 colonias were placed under water due to the overflow of the Sabana River.
One person drowned in San Agustín after falling into the swollen river.
Twenty-seven colonias in and around the city lost power after muddy floodwaters entered a substation.
At least a dozen homes lost their roofs due to high winds throughout Oaxaca.
Portions of Colima, Chiapas, Michoacán, and Jalisco experienced heavy rains.
In many areas, the rain proved beneficial in mitigating a severe drought.