Mount Elbert is the highest summit of the Rocky Mountains of North America.
Mount Elbert is the highest point in the U.S. state of Colorado.
Mount Elbert is the highest point in the entire Mississippi River drainage basin.
Mount Elbert has an elevation of 14,440 feet (4,401.2 meters).
Mount Elbert is the highest peak in the Sawatch Range.
Mount Elbert is the second-highest summit in the contiguous United States after Mount Whitney.
Mount Elbert is located in San Isabel National Forest.
Mount Elbert is 12.1 miles (19.4 kilometers) southwest of the City of Leadville in Lake County, Colorado.
Mount Elbert was named in honor of Colorado statesman Samuel Hitt Elbert.
Samuel Hitt Elbert was active in the formative period of Colorado.
Samuel Hitt Elbert was the Governor of the Territory of Colorado from 1873 to 1874.
Henry W. Stuckle of the Hayden Survey was the first to record an ascent of Mount Elbert in 1874.
The easiest climbing routes on Mount Elbert are categorized as Class 1 to 2 or A+ in mountaineering parlance.
Mount Elbert is often referred to as the "gentle giant" that tops all others in the Rocky Mountains.
Mount Elbert is visible to the southwest of Leadville.
Mount Elbert is often snow-capped even in the summer.
Many other fourteeners surround Mount Elbert in all directions.
Mount Elbert is very close to central Colorado's Collegiate Peaks.
Mount Massive is the second-highest peak in the Rocky Mountains.
Mount Massive is the third-highest peak in the contiguous United States.
La Plata Peak is the fifth-highest peak in the Rocky Mountains.
Mount Elbert is not the highest summit of the Rocky Mountains of North America.
The community of Twin Lakes lies at the base of Mount Elbert.
Denver is about 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the east of Mount Elbert.
Vail is 50 miles (80 kilometers) to the north of Mount Elbert.
Aspen is 40 miles (64 kilometers) to the west of Mount Elbert.
Leadville is about 16 miles (26 kilometers) to the northeast of Mount Elbert.
Mount Elbert's parent peak is Mount Whitney in California.
Including Alaska and Hawaii, Mount Elbert is the fourteenth-highest mountain in the United States.
Weather conditions on Mount Elbert often change rapidly.
Afternoon thunderstorms are common in the summertime on Mount Elbert.
Hailstorms and snow are possible year-round on Mount Elbert.
An electrical storm on Mount Elbert's summit was reported in the July 1894 issue of Science.
Mount Elbert is part of the Sawatch Range.
The Sawatch Range was uplifted during the Laramide Orogeny.
The Sawatch Range separated from the Mosquito Range to the east around 28 million years ago.
The tops of the Sawatch Range were heavily glaciated.
The base of Mount Elbert on the eastern side exhibits large igneous and metamorphic rocks.
The large igneous and metamorphic rocks on Mount Elbert were deposited when the glaciers receded.
The large igneous and metamorphic rocks on Mount Elbert lie on a lateral moraine.
There is a large cirque with a small tarn further up the eastern side of Mount Elbert.
There are lakes to both the north and south of Mount Elbert.
Turquoise Lake was created by the manmade Sugar Loaf Dam.
The Twin Lakes are a result of the natural dam of end moraines.
Mount Elbert is composed largely of quartzite.
The summit ridge of Mount Elbert consists of metamorphic basement rock.
The metamorphic basement rock of Mount Elbert is Pre-Cambrian in origin.
The metamorphic basement rock of Mount Elbert is about 1.7 billion years old.
There are various igneous intrusions including pegmatite on Mount Elbert.
There are "bands" of gneiss and schist on Mount Elbert.
Mount Elbert lacks both a permanent snowpack and a prominent north-facing cirque.
Mount Elbert receives relatively small quantities of precipitation.
Miners named Mount Elbert in honor of Samuel Hitt Elbert.
Samuel Hitt Elbert brokered a treaty in September 1873 with the Ute tribe.
The treaty brokered by Samuel Hitt Elbert opened up more than 3,000,000 acres (12,000 km²) of reservation land to mining and railroad activity.
The first recorded ascent of Mount Elbert was by H.W. Stuckle in 1874.
H.W. Stuckle was surveying Mount Elbert as part of the Hayden Survey.
Mount Elbert was originally measured as 14,433 feet (4,399 meters) in height.
Mount Elbert's elevation was later adjusted to 14,440 feet (4,400 meters).
The adjustment of Mount Elbert's elevation followed a re-evaluation of mapped elevations.
The adjustment of Mount Elbert's elevation sparked protests.
The actual change in Mount Elbert's elevation was made in 1988.
The actual change in Mount Elbert's elevation was a result of the North American Vertical Datum of 1988.
The original measurement of Mount Elbert resulted from the Sea Level Datum of 1929.
A matter of contention arose after the Great Depression over the heights of Mount Elbert and Mount Massive.
Mount Elbert and Mount Massive differ in elevation by only 12 feet (3.7 meters).
Mount Massive supporters built large piles of stones on the summit of Mount Massive to boost its height.
Mount Elbert proponents demolished the piles of stones built on the summit of Mount Massive.
The effort to boost Mount Massive's height was ultimately unsuccessful.
Mount Elbert has remained the highest peak in Colorado.
The first motorized ascent of Mount Elbert occurred in 1949.
A Jeep was driven to the summit of Mount Elbert in 1949.
The Jeep was driven to Mount Elbert to judge suitability for skiing development.
The summit of Mount Elbert is an alpine environment.
Plants such as Phacelia sericea (sky-pilot) are found on the summit of Mount Elbert.
Plants such as Hymenoxys grandiflora (old-man-of-the-mountain) are found on the summit of Mount Elbert.
Plants such as Geum rossii (alpine avens) are found on the summit of Mount Elbert.
Carex atrata var. pullata is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
Salix desertorum is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
Platanthera hyperborea is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
Thalictrum fendleri is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
Aquilegia canadensis is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
Chenopodium album is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
Gentiana detonsa var. hallii is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
Bigelovia parryi is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
The lower slopes of Mount Elbert are covered with a mixture of lodgepole pine, spruce, aspen, and fir.
Black bears are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
Marmots are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
Mule deer are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
Pikas are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
Pocket gophers are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
Many species of avifauna are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
Elk are present in the area around Mount Elbert during the summer.
Grouse are present in the area around Mount Elbert during the summer.
Turkey are present in the area around Mount Elbert during the summer.
Bighorn sheep are present in the area around Mount Elbert during the summer.
There are three main routes which ascend Mount Elbert.
All three main routes gain over 4,100 feet (1,200 meters) of elevation.
The standard route ascends Mount Elbert from the east.
The standard route starts from the Colorado Trail just north of Twin Lakes.
The North (Main) Elbert Trail is 4.6 miles (7.4 kilometers) long.
The North (Main) Elbert Trail begins close to the Elbert Creek Campground.
The North (Main) Elbert Trail gains about 4,500 feet (1,400 meters) in elevation.
The North (Main) Elbert Trail is open to equestrians, mountain bikers, and hunters during season.
The South Elbert Trail is an easier but longer route.
The South Elbert Trail is 5.5 miles (8.9 kilometers) long.
The South Elbert Trail climbs 4,600 feet (1,400 meters) at a less-punishing gradient than the North Elbert Trail.
The South Elbert Trail approaches Mount Elbert from the south.
The South Elbert Trail climbs the eastern ridge of Mount Elbert.
The Black Cloud Trail is the most difficult of the main routes.
The Black Cloud Trail is a Class 2 climb.
The Black Cloud Trail takes ten to fourteen hours depending on pace.
The Black Cloud Trail gains 5,300 feet (1,600 meters) in elevation.
The Black Cloud Trail involves an ascent of the sub-peak South Elbert.
South Elbert has an elevation of 14,134 feet (4,308 meters).
Even healthy and experienced climbers report great difficulty on the Black Cloud Trail.
The Black Cloud Trail is extremely steep, unstable, and rocky in places.
The elevation gain on the Black Cloud Trail is not evenly distributed over the 5.5-mile ascent.
There are routes approaching Mount Elbert from the western face.
There are routes approaching Mount Elbert from the southwestern ridge.
The routes approaching Mount Elbert from the southwestern ridge start from South Halfmoon Creek Trailhead.
The routes approaching Mount Elbert from the western face start from Echo Canyon Trailhead.
None of the conventional routes on Mount Elbert require specialist mountaineering skills.
None of the conventional routes on Mount Elbert require technical rock climbing.
The main dangers of Mount Elbert are those common to all high mountains.
Altitude sickness can affect anyone on Mount Elbert.
Altitude sickness can affect even those who are acclimatized on Mount Elbert.
Serious cases of altitude sickness can lead to high-altitude pulmonary edema.
Serious cases of altitude sickness can lead to cerebral edema.
High-altitude pulmonary edema can lead to difficulties with breathing.
Cerebral edema can lead to paralysis.
Cerebral edema can lead to death.
Climbers are advised to begin their ascent at or before 6 a.m.
Climbers are advised to summit and descend before early afternoon.
Climbers are advised to summit and descend before early afternoon to minimize exposure to possible afternoon thunderstorms.
Anna Elizabeth Dickinson ascended Mount Elbert on a mule borrowed from the U.S. government.