Mycena inclinata is commonly known as the clustered bonnet or the oak-stump bonnet cap.
Mycena inclinata is a species of mushroom in the family Mycenaceae.
Mycena inclinata is a doubtfully edible mushroom.
Mycena inclinata has a reddish-brown bell-shaped cap up to 4.5 cm (1.8 in) in diameter.
The thin stem of Mycena inclinata is up to 9 cm (3.5 in) tall.
The top of the stem of Mycena inclinata is whitish to yellow-brown.
The base of the stem of Mycena inclinata becomes reddish-brown towards maturity.
The base of the stem of Mycena inclinata is covered by a yellowish mycelium.
The yellowish mycelium can be up to a third of the length of the stem of Mycena inclinata.
The gills of Mycena inclinata are pale brown to pinkish.
The spore print of Mycena inclinata is white.
Mycena inclinata is a widespread saprobic fungus.
Mycena inclinata has been found in Europe.
Mycena inclinata has been found in North Africa.
Mycena inclinata has been found in Asia.
Mycena inclinata has been found in Australasia.
Mycena inclinata has been found in North America.
Mycena inclinata grows in small groups or tufts on fallen logs and stumps.
Mycena inclinata especially grows on fallen logs and stumps of oak.
British mycologist E.J.H. Corner has described two varieties of Mycena inclinata from Borneo.
Lookalike species with which Mycena inclinata may be confused include Mycena galericulata.
Lookalike species with which Mycena inclinata may be confused include Mycena maculata.
Mycena inclinata was first described as Agaricus inclinatus by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries in 1838.
Mycena inclinata was assigned its current name in 1872 by Lucien Quélet.
Mycena galericulata var. calopus was named by Karsten in 1879.
Mycena galericulata var. calopus is a synonym of Mycena inclinata.
The basionym of Mycena galericulata var. calopus is Agaricus galericulatus var. calopus.
Agaricus galericulatus var. calopus was named by Fries in 1873.
In a molecular study, Mycena inclinata was found to be closely related to Mycena aurantiomarginata.
In a molecular study, Mycena inclinata was found to be closely related to Mycena crocata.
In a molecular study, Mycena inclinata was found to be closely related to Mycena leaiana.
The specific epithet "inclinata" means "bent in".
The cap of Mycena inclinata is light reddish-brown.
The diameter of the cap of Mycena inclinata typically ranges from 1 to 4.5 cm (0.4 to 1.8 in).
The cap of Mycena inclinata is initially conic to bell-shaped to convex.
The cap of Mycena inclinata flattens during maturity.
The cap of Mycena inclinata develops visible surface grooves corresponding to the gills underneath.
The margin of the cap of Mycena inclinata has minute but distinct scallops.
The surface of the cap of Mycena inclinata is moist and smooth.
The cap of Mycena inclinata is hygrophanous.
The cap of Mycena inclinata frequently develops splits in the margin.
The cap of Mycena inclinata frequently develops cracks in the disc.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is thick in the center.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is thin elsewhere.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is grayish to whitish.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is fragile.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a slightly mealy odor.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a slightly mealy taste.
The gills of Mycena inclinata have a decurrent attachment to the stem.
The gills of Mycena inclinata are a pale brownish color with tinges of red.
The gills of Mycena inclinata are broad, measuring between 3 and 6 mm.
The gills of Mycena inclinata have a close to subdistant spacing.
Mycena inclinata has about 26 to 35 gills reaching the stem.
The fragile stem of Mycena inclinata is 3 to 9 cm (1.2 to 3.5 in) long.
The fragile stem of Mycena inclinata is 0.15 to 0.4 cm (0.06 to 0.16 in) thick.
The stem of Mycena inclinata is yellow to yellow-brown.
The bottom half of the stem of Mycena inclinata becomes reddish-brown to orange-brown in maturity.
The lower portion of young stems of Mycena inclinata is covered with white flecks.
The base of the stem of Mycena inclinata is roughly equal in thickness at the top and bottom.
The edibility of Mycena inclinata is "doubtful".
Consumption of Mycena inclinata is "best avoided".
The spores of Mycena inclinata measure 7 to 9 by 5 to 6.5 μm.
The spores of Mycena inclinata are broadly ellipsoid.
The spores of Mycena inclinata are smooth.
The spores of Mycena inclinata are strongly amyloid.
The basidia of Mycena inclinata are four-spored.
The pleurocystidia of Mycena inclinata are not differentiated.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata are embedded in the gill edge.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata are very inconspicuous.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata are club-shaped.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata measure 26 to 36 by 5 to 10 μm.
The tips of the cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata are covered with contorted projections.
The projections on the tips of the cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata can be slender or thick.
The flesh of the gills of Mycena inclinata is homogeneous.
The flesh of the gills of Mycena inclinata is pale yellowish to dirty brown when stained in iodine.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a distinct pellicle.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a well-differentiated hypoderm.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a filamentous tramal body.
The filamentous tramal body of Mycena inclinata is gill tissue.
The flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is pale yellowish to sordid brownish in iodine stain.
E.J.H. Corner defined the varieties Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis and Mycena inclinata var. subglobospora.
E.J.H. Corner published his definitions in 1994.
E.J.H. Corner published on Agaric mushrooms of Malesia.
The biogeographical region of Malesia straddles the boundary of the Indomalaya and Australasia ecozones.
The variety Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis is named after its type locality, Kinabalu.
The cap margin of Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis is not scalloped.
Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis has little or no odor.
The cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis have shorter processes.
Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis was found growing on the dead wood of Lithocarpus havilandii.
Lithocarpus havilandii is a stone oak tree in the beech family.
Mycena inclinata var. subglobospora is found in Sabah.
Mycena inclinata var. subglobospora has spores that are almost spherical.
Mycena maculata bears some resemblance to Mycena inclinata.
Mycena maculata is only associated with decaying hardwood logs and stumps.
Mycena maculata is found in eastern North America.
Mycena maculata is sometimes found on oak on the West Coast.
Mycena maculata develops reddish spots on the gills in age.
The reddish spots on the gills of Mycena maculata are not seen in Mycena inclinata.
Mycena inclinata is often confused with the edible Mycena galericulata.
Mycena galericulata is a common species.
Mycena galericulata is variable in cap color.
Mycena galericulata is variable in size.
Mycena galericulata is variable in shape.
Mycena galericulata typically has a bluntly conical cap.
The cap of Mycena galericulata is dull gray-brown.
Mycena galericulata has white to grayish veins.
The veins of Mycena galericulata have numerous cross-veins.
Mycena polygramma has a ridged stem.
The stem of Mycena polygramma is bluish-gray.
Mycena inclinata is a saprobic fungus.
Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from living plants.
Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from leaves.
Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from twigs.
Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from bark.
Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from branches.
Mycena inclinata produces enzymes capable of breaking down cellulose.
Mycena inclinata produces enzymes capable of breaking down hemicellulose.
Mycena inclinata produces enzymes capable of breaking down lignin.
The fruit bodies of Mycena inclinata grow in dense groups or clusters.
The fruit bodies of Mycena inclinata grow on decaying hardwood logs and stumps.
Mycena inclinata especially grows on decaying hardwood logs and stumps of oak.
Mycena inclinata grows during the spring.
Mycena inclinata grows during the autumn.
Mycena inclinata forms a white, woolly mycelium on the surface of decomposing oak leaves.
Mycena inclinata can occasionally be found growing on a living tree.
Mycena inclinata is abundant in eastern North America.
Mycena inclinata is abundant in the area bounded by Nova Scotia, Ontario, Manitoba, Missouri, North Carolina, and New York.
Mycena inclinata has been found in Oregon.
Mycena inclinata appears to be generally rare along the Pacific Coast.
The range of Mycena inclinata includes Europe.
The range of Mycena inclinata includes the Canary Islands.
The range of Mycena inclinata includes North Africa.
The range of Mycena inclinata includes East Siberia.
The range of Mycena inclinata includes Japan.
The range of Mycena inclinata includes Malesia.
The range of Mycena inclinata includes Turkey.
The range of Mycena inclinata includes New Zealand.
Mycena inclinata was found to have comparatively high levels of iron.
Mycena inclinata has iron levels of 628 mg per kg.
Mycena inclinata was found to have comparatively high levels of nickel.
Mycena inclinata has nickel levels of 21.6 mg/kg.
The levels of iron and nickel in Mycena inclinata were measured on a dry weight basis.
Mycena inclinata is resistant to aluminum.
Mycena inclinata has been investigated for its ability to decolorize synthetic dyes.
The synthetic dyes are used in the textile industry.
The synthetic dyes are used in the plastics industry.
The synthetic dyes are used in the biomedical industry.
The synthetic dyes are used in the foodstuff industry.
The synthetic dyes are not readily biodegradable.
The synthetic dyes are persistent when discharged into the environment.
Many of the synthetic dyes are toxic.