Central Area Command was one of several geographically based commands raised by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II.
Central Area Command was formed in March 1940.
Central Area Command covered the central portion of New South Wales.
Central Area Command was headquartered at Sydney.
Central Area Command was primarily responsible for air defence.
Central Area Command was primarily responsible for aerial reconnaissance.
Central Area Command was primarily responsible for the protection of the sea lanes within its boundaries.
Central Area Command was expanded in August 1941.
Control of Central Area Command's units was taken over by other RAAF formations in August 1941.
Proposals in 1943 to raise a new Central Area Command did not come to fruition.
Prior to World War II, the Royal Australian Air Force was small enough for all its elements to be directly controlled by RAAF Headquarters in Melbourne.
The RAAF began to implement a decentralised form of command after war broke out in September 1939.
The RAAF's initial move towards decentralisation was to create Nos. 1 and 2 Groups.
No. 1 Group controlled units in Victoria.
No. 2 Group controlled units in New South Wales.
Between March 1940 and May 1941, the RAAF divided Australia and New Guinea into four geographically based command-and-control zones.
The four command-and-control zones were Central Area, Southern Area, Western Area, and Northern Area.
The roles of the area commands were air defence.
The roles of the area commands were protection of adjacent sea lanes.
The roles of the area commands were aerial reconnaissance.
Each area command was led by an Air Officer Commanding responsible for the administration and operations of all air bases and units within his boundary.
No. 2 Group was established on 20 November 1939.
No. 2 Group was re-formed as Central Area on 7 March 1940.
Central Area Command was headquartered in Sydney.
Central Area Command was given control of all Air Force units in New South Wales except those in the southern Riverina and the north of the state.
Units in Queensland were temporarily assigned to Central Area Command's control pending the formation of Northern Area.
Central Area's inaugural Air Officer Commanding was Air Commodore Adrian "King" Cole.
Air Commodore Adrian "King" Cole had also led No. 2 Group.
Central Area Command's senior air staff officer was Wing Commander Alan Charlesworth.
In May 1940, it was reported that Central Area Command's headquarters building would change from "Mont Loana" in Point Piper to the mansion "Kilmory" nearby.
Air Commodore Adrian "King" Cole handed over command of Central Area to Air Commodore Bill Anderson in December 1940.
By August 1941, the RAAF's expanding instructional program necessitated the establishment of overarching training organisations.
The overarching training organisations were established on a semi-functional, semi-geographical basis.
No. 2 (Training) Group was formed in Sydney.
No. 2 (Training) Group took responsibility for the training units then under Central Area.
Central Area was disbanded.
Control of other Central Area units was divided as convenient according to the official history of the war.
Control of other Central Area units was divided between Northern and Southern Area Commands.
The RAAF's area command structure was revised in 1942.
The RAAF's area command structure was revised following the outbreak of the Pacific War.
Northern Area was split into North-Eastern Area and North-Western Area.
A new command covering New South Wales and southern Queensland, Eastern Area, was created.
The creation of Eastern Area made a total of five commands.
In October 1943, the Air Board proposed carving a new Central Area Command out of Eastern Area.
Eastern Area was considered too large to be controlled by one headquarters.
Eastern Area was considered ripe for subdivision.
The new Central Area Command would have been responsible for training and operational units in southern Queensland.
The War Cabinet deferred its decision on the proposal for a new Central Area Command.
The concept of a new Central Area Command was raised again in August 1944.
The new Central Area Command was to control maintenance units.
The new Central Area Command was to control training and operations in southern Queensland.
Nothing came of the proposal for the new Central Area Command.