Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a sparkplug lighthouse in Connecticut, United States.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is located off the southwest end of the Norwalk Islands.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is located in Long Island Sound.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is located near Norwalk, Connecticut.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is on the north side of the west end of Greens Ledge.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is west of Norwalk Harbor.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a mile south of the entrance to Five Mile River at Rowayton.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is just over a mile southwest of Sheffield Lighthouse.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse was completed in 1902.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse was constructed by the Philadelphia Construction Company.
The light of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is 52 feet (16 m) tall.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is made of five courses that make up its four stories.
The lantern of Greens Ledge Lighthouse measures 7 feet (2.1 m) in diameter.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse replaced the Sheffield Island Light.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse originally had a fifth-order Fresnel lens.
A fourth-order Fresnel lens was installed in May 1902.
The installation of the fourth-order Fresnel lens occurred three months into the operation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
Currently, a VRB-25 is in use at Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
The light of Greens Ledge Lighthouse has an alternating white and red flash every 24 seconds.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 29, 1990.
The lighthouse was first formally proposed in the 1890s to mark Norwalk Harbor.
In 1899, the United States Congress appropriated $60,000 for the establishment of a light and fog signal at Greens Ledge.
In 1900, the Philadelphia Construction Company was contracted to construct the foundation and the superstructure of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
The design for the type of lighthouse used at Greens Ledge was first realized in 1873.
Major Eliiot of the Lighthouse Board created the design for the type of lighthouse used at Greens Ledge.
The foundation form of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is made of identical curved-iron plates.
The top inward-pointing flanges of the foundation form are bolted together and secured with knees.
The assembled rings of the foundation are lowered into the water.
The foundation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is filled with concrete.
Concrete was used for the foundation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
A series of photographs from 1901 shows the assembly of the three lower courses at Wilson's Point.
The photographs from 1901 show the lowering of the cylinder and the light in the fall of 1901.
The lowering of the cylinder and the light occurred prior to a deposit of protective riprap.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse serves as a typical example of a sparkplug lighthouse.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is located in 10 feet (3.0 m) of water.
The foundation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse flares out to support the deck.
The foundation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse includes a cavity for the lighthouse's brick basement and cisterns.
The four-story structure of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is assembled from five courses of curved iron plates.
The interior of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is lined with brick.
The brick lining of Greens Ledge Lighthouse insulates and strengthens the tower.
The brick lining of Greens Ledge Lighthouse provides an anchorage for the winding cast-iron stairs.
The winding cast-iron stairs rise on the periphery of each story of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
Historian Dorothy Templeton writes about the features of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
The brackets which support the watchroom gallery and covered deck have simplified classical detailing.
The rectilinear window sashes of Greens Ledge Lighthouse are enclosed in shallower, plainer cast-iron surrounds.
A deck encircles the light above the first story of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
The watchroom and lantern are located above the first story of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
The original roofing of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is visible atop the riprap.
Some cast-iron stanchions of the decks are visible atop the riprap.
The cast-iron door to Greens Ledge Lighthouse faces south.
At the time of nomination, the windows of Greens Ledge Lighthouse were sealed with plywood.
The first floor of Greens Ledge Lighthouse serves as the kitchen.
The second level of Greens Ledge Lighthouse has two rooms split by a partition.
The smaller room on the second level of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a bathroom.
The third level of Greens Ledge Lighthouse was not divided.
The third level of Greens Ledge Lighthouse did not have a description in the National Historic Register of Places survey.
The fourth floor of Greens Ledge Lighthouse has six porthole windows.
Much of the woodwork on the fourth floor of Greens Ledge Lighthouse has been removed.
Part of the cast-iron floor and brick wall on the fourth floor of Greens Ledge Lighthouse are exposed.
Once active, the Sheffield Island Light was discontinued.
The light characteristic of Greens Ledge Lighthouse was a fixed white light with a red flash every 15 seconds.
In 1972, the light of Greens Ledge Lighthouse was automated.
The Fresnel lens of Greens Ledge Lighthouse was replaced with a modern optic in 1972.
The light of Greens Ledge Lighthouse continues to serve as an active aid to navigation.
In 1987, a FA-251 was installed before the current lens at Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
The current lens at Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a VRB-25.
The current light characteristic of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is an alternating white and red flash every 24 seconds.
The white and red flashes from Greens Ledge Lighthouse can be seen for 18 nautical miles.
The white and red flashes from Greens Ledge Lighthouse can be seen for 15 nautical miles.
During its service, the tower of Greens Ledge Lighthouse remained stable.
The keepers of Greens Ledge Lighthouse did not move the furniture to one side of the tower.
The problem of furniture movement in Greens Ledge Lighthouse was reported to have been exacerbated following the 1938 New England hurricane.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Greens Ledge Lighthouse on May 29, 1990.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse is listed as significant as a typical example of a pre-fabricated cast-iron conical lighttower on a cast-iron tubular foundation.
Greens Ledge Lighthouse served as a source of inspiration for Walter DuBois Richards, an artist, for over forty years.
Since 1935, swimmers have been competing annually in the Arthur J. Ladrigan Swim Race.
The Arthur J. Ladrigan Swim Race is a one-mile (1.6 km) race from Greens Ledge Lighthouse to Bayley Beach in the Rowayton section of Norwalk.
The list of keepers of Greens Ledge Lighthouse includes known keepers.
The list of keepers of Greens Ledge Lighthouse excludes assistants and non-officers of the Coast Guard.