"Sandwich Day" is the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock.
"Sandwich Day" is the thirty-fifth episode overall of 30 Rock.
"Sandwich Day" was written by Robert Carlock.
Robert Carlock is one of the executive producers of the season.
"Sandwich Day" was written by Jack Burditt.
Jack Burditt is one of the co-executive producers of the season.
"Sandwich Day" was directed by Don Scardino.
Don Scardino is one of the producers of the season.
"Sandwich Day" first aired on May 1, 2008.
"Sandwich Day" first aired on the NBC network in the United States.
Bill Cwikowski guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
Brian Dennehy guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
Marceline Hugot guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
Johnnie May guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
Jason Sudeikis guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
Miriam Tolan guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
Rip Torn guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
Tina Fey earned the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role in "Sandwich Day."
"Sandwich Day" begins on the 30 Rock title sequence.
"Sandwich Day" does not have a cold open.
The episode features the annual TGS with Tracy Jordan Sandwich Day.
Liz Lemon receives a phone call from her ex-boyfriend Floyd.
Floyd asks Liz Lemon for a place to stay.
Floyd has come to visit New York on business.
Liz Lemon tries to win Floyd back.
Floyd lies to Liz Lemon about going home to Cleveland, Ohio.
Floyd eventually travels home.
Liz Lemon and Floyd agree to remain friends.
Jack Donaghy is ousted from his office on the 52nd floor by Devon Banks.
Jack Donaghy does not take well to his new job on the 12th floor.
Jack Donaghy decides to move to Washington, D.C.
Jack Donaghy will be the new Homeland Security Director for Crisis and Weather Management.
"Sandwich Day" was primarily filmed on April 1, 2008.
"Sandwich Day" was the fourth episode written by Jack Burditt.
"Sandwich Day" was the seventh episode written by Robert Carlock.
"Sandwich Day" was the twelfth episode directed by Don Scardino.
Jason Sudeikis played Floyd in "Sandwich Day."
Jason Sudeikis has appeared in the main cast of Saturday Night Live.
Saturday Night Live is a weekly sketch comedy series.
Saturday Night Live airs on NBC in the United States.
Tina Fey was the head writer on Saturday Night Live from 1999 until 2006.
Various cast members of Saturday Night Live have appeared on 30 Rock.
Rachel Dratch has appeared on 30 Rock.
Fred Armisen has appeared on 30 Rock.
Kristen Wiig has appeared on 30 Rock.
Will Forte has appeared on 30 Rock.
Jimmy Fallon has appeared on 30 Rock.
Amy Poehler has appeared on 30 Rock.
Will Ferrell has appeared on 30 Rock.
Julia Louis-Dreyfus has appeared on 30 Rock.
Bill Hader has appeared on 30 Rock.
Tim Meadows has appeared on 30 Rock.
Andy Samberg has appeared on 30 Rock.
Chris Parnell has appeared on 30 Rock.
Molly Shannon has appeared on 30 Rock.
Tina Fey has been part of the main cast of Saturday Night Live.
Tracy Morgan has been part of the main cast of Saturday Night Live.
Alec Baldwin has hosted Saturday Night Live sixteen times.
Sixteen times is the highest number of episodes of any host of Saturday Night Live.
Johnnie May's appearance in "Sandwich Day" is her second appearance in 30 Rock.
Johnnie May previously appeared in the episode "Tracy Does Conan."
In "Tracy Does Conan," Johnnie May played a nurse who took Liz Lemon's blood for donation.
In "Sandwich Day," Johnnie May plays a screener.
The screener does not allow Liz Lemon past airport security.
Liz Lemon had her Sandwich Day sandwich with her.
The dipping sauce container held more than 3 ounces.
"Sandwich Day" brought in an average of 5.4 million viewers.
"Sandwich Day" achieved a 2.6/7 in the key 18- to 49-year-old demographic.
The 2.6 refers to 2.6% of all 18- to 49-year-olds in the U.S.
The 7 refers to 7% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast in the U.S.
Robert Canning of IGN wrote that "Sandwich Day" turned out to be an absolute winner.
Robert Canning concluded that "Sandwich Day" had relatable storylines and moments.
Liz Lemon tipped tables for her mac and cheese in "Sandwich Day."
An entire sandwich was eaten in real time in the airport security line in "Sandwich Day."
"Sandwich Day" was a definite highlight in the post-writers' strike season.
Erin Fox of TV Guide said that the minor story of "Sandwich Day" was probably the funniest.
Jeff Labrecque of Entertainment Weekly thought that "Sandwich Day" was nothing more than "eh."
Jeff Labrecque called "Sandwich Day" a weak link.