The Type 94 Nambu 8 mm Pistol is a semiautomatic pistol developed by Kijirō Nambu and his associates for the Imperial Japanese Army.
Development of the Type 94 pistol began in 1929.
The final prototype of the Type 94 pistol was tested and officially adopted by the Japanese Army in late 1934.
The Type 94 pistol entered production in 1935.
Approximately 71,000 Type 94 pistols were manufactured before production ended in 1945.
The Type 94 pistol was designed for Japanese tank and aircraft crews.
Japanese tank and aircraft crews preferred a smaller, lightweight design.
Japanese weapons experts have criticized some design elements of the Type 94 pistol.
The Type 94 pistol could be fired unintentionally before the breech was fully locked if the sear bar was jarred loose.
The Type 94 pistol could be fired unintentionally if the pistol was improperly handled.
The process to disassemble the Type 94 pistol is overly complex and awkward.
The build quality of the Type 94 pistol declined over its production run.
"Last ditch" pistols made in 1945 were crudely manufactured.
The Type 94 Nambu pistol was designed by Kojiro Nambu after he retired from the Japanese Army.
Kojiro Nambu founded the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company.
Design for the Type 94 Nambu pistol commenced in 1929 with the goal of increasing the bulk and price of previous Nambu designs.
The Imperial Japanese Army felt a smaller pistol of domestic design was needed.
The smaller pistol needed to accommodate the standard 8 × 22mm Nambu cartridge.
The Type 14 Nambu was the only official military pistol.
The demand for officer's handguns increased as a result of Japan's invasion of Manchuria.
A new design was wanted by the Japanese Army to include a magazine safety.
The magazine safety was intended to prevent unintentional discharges during cleaning.
Unintentional discharges during cleaning were common among Japanese personnel.
The naming of the Type 94 pistol reflects the change in Japanese nomenclature.
The 94 in the Type 94 pistol reckons back to the mythical foundation of Japan in 660 BC.
The year 2594 corresponds to the year 1934 in the Japanese calendar.
The final prototype for the Type 94 was officially adopted by the Japanese Army in late 1934.
Production of the Type 94 pistol began under the supervision of the Nagoya Army Arsenal.
The Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company supervised the production of the Type 94 pistol.
Chuo Kogyo Company, Ltd. was the successor to the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company.
An estimated 71,000 Type 94 pistols were produced for the military.
The exact quantity of Type 94 pistols produced is unknown.
The production of unserialized pistols and undated pistols contributed to the uncertainty of the exact quantity.
During World War II, the Type 94 pistol became a preferred weapon for tank crews and paratroopers.
Tank crews and paratroopers required a smaller, more convenient pistol.
The Type 94 was never officially adopted by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
The Type 94 pistol was available to officers through the Japanese officer's union.
The Type 94 pistol is operated by a different mechanism than previous Japanese sidearms.
The Type 94 operates with a concealed hammer.
The Type 94 operates with a firing pin rather than a hammer.
The firing pin of the Type 94 is inherently weak.
The firing pin of the Type 94 is prone to breakage.
The firing pin is prone to breaking at a recess cut provided for the crossbolt.
The sturdier hammer firing mechanism was developed for the Type 94.
The sturdier hammer firing mechanism replaced the poor striker on the Type 14 Nambu.
The locking system of the Type 94 is a rising-block type.
The locking system floats independently between the lugs underneath the chamber end of the barrel.
The single coil mainspring is positioned around the barrel.
The single coil mainspring is positioned around the barrel instead of to the rear of the barrel.
The grip of the Type 94 pistol is smaller than other Japanese pistols.
The grip of the Type 94 pistol is finished with smooth wood.
The grip of the Type 94 pistol is more comfortable for use by men with smaller hands.
The magazine of the Type 94 pistol holds a maximum of six rounds.
The magazine is considered difficult to reload.
Pressure from the bolt holds the magazine inside the Type 94 pistol.
The magazine catch protrudes far enough to occasionally disengage when the pistol is placed on its left side on a hard surface.
The magazine could disengage if squeezed into or jarred in a holster.
The manual safety lever is located on the left rear of the frame.
The manual safety lever has the kanji for fire and safe stamped onto the frame.
The front blade sight on the muzzle of the Type 94 pistol was occasionally inaccurately positioned.
The rear fixed V sight was occasionally inaccurately positioned.
Inaccurately positioned sights made them useless when the weapon is being aimed.
The rear sight was reduced from a U-shape to a simple notch in 1944.
The front blade sight was left unchanged in 1944.
Less attention to detail was applied as World War II progressed.
The quality of Type 94 Nambu pistols decreased towards the end of World War II.
The decrease in quality was due to bombing raids from allied forces.
The decrease in quality was due to material shortages.
The drastic change in quality began in late March 1945.
All quality standards appeared to disappear towards the end of June 1945.
The smooth wooden finished grip was replaced by a bakelite checkered pattern.
Many Type 94 pistols were not serialized.
No Type 94 pistols have been reported that bear a July 1945 manufacture date.
Only four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols are known to exist.
The four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols include mismatch parts.
The four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols have no inspection marks.
The four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols have no lanyard loops.
The four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols have no extractors.
A small number of Type 94 pistols made during the final production stages include earlier production dates.
The small number of Type 94 pistols appear to have been salvaged from previously discarded pistols.
The previously discarded pistols had minor or cosmetic defects.
Disassembly of the Type 94 Nambu pistol is considered difficult.
Disassembly of the Type 94 Nambu pistol can lead to damage to the pistol if done carelessly.
The operator must clear the Type 94 before disassembly.
The operator must draw the slide against the magazine follower to hold the bolt to the rear of the pistol.
Drawing the slide against the magazine follower allows the crossbolt to be released.
The crossbolt can be released after the firing pin is depressed.
Removal of the crossbolt without depressing the firing pin will damage both the firing pin and the crossbolt.
Removing the crossbolt is complicated because the disassembler's hands are both holding the pistol and depressing the firing pin.
Holsters for the Type 94 pistol were generally made from either pigskin or cowhide leather.
Holsters for the Type 94 pistol ranged in color from tan to dark reddish brown.
Holsters faced the same degradation in quality as the Type 94 pistol.
Holsters manufactured in 1944 became fabricated from olive drab fabric.
The Type 94 pistol holster is distinguishable from other Japanese holsters.
The Type 94 pistol holster has a pointed closure flap.
The Type 94 pistol holster has a vertically positioned magazine pouch.
The magazine pouch has a narrow extension to accommodate a cleaning rod.
The majority of holsters were made in civilian-owned tanneries.
Some holsters were ink stamped with arsenal and inspection marks.
A belt loop is provided on the rear of the holster.
Two shoulder strap "D" rings are provided on the rear of the holster.
The shoulder strap "D" rings are made from brass, galvanized steel, or nickel plating.
The poor design of the breech allowed the Type 94 Nambu to be fired unintentionally.
The sear bar on the Type 94 Nambu converts the forward pull of the trigger into a lateral movement.
The lateral movement of the sear bar frees the hammer.
The sear bar is on the outside of the Type 94 pistol.
The sear bar could be jarred loose during engagement if the pistol was cocked and handled carelessly.
The forward end of the sear bar would need to be depressed approximately 2mm to cause the weapon to fire.
The ability to fire the Type 94 without pulling the trigger gave rise to war stories of Japanese soldiers surrendering.
The war stories included Japanese soldiers firing the pistol after surrendering.
The Type 94 pistol earned monikers such as the "suicide special" and the "surrender pistol."
The war stories about the Type 94 pistol are widely discredited.
The difficulty to fire the Type 94 by squeezing the sear bar contributed to the discrediting of the war stories.
If the safety is engaged on the Type 94, it is impossible for the weapon to discharge unintentionally.