The Fastra II is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography.
The Fastra II was built in late 2009 by the ASTRA group of researchers of the IBBT VisionLab at the University of Antwerp.
The Fastra II was built in collaboration with Tones.
Tones is a Belgian computer shop.
The Fastra II was built in collaboration with Asus.
Asus is a Taiwanese multinational computer product manufacturer.
The Fastra II is the successor to the Fastra I.
The Fastra I was built in 2008.
The Fastra II is over three times faster than the Fastra I.
The Fastra I is slightly faster than a 512-core cluster.
The Fastra II initially suffered from several issues.
The issues included the system refusing to reboot.
The issues included overheating due to a lack of space between the video cards.
The Fastra II was built as a researching and demonstration project.
Joost Batenburg is one of the researchers in the ASTRA group.
The Fastra II only uses consumer hardware.
The total cost of the Fastra II is €6,000.
The Fastra I has 4 dual-GPU GeForce 9800 GX2 video cards.
The total number of GPUs in the Fastra I is 8.
The ASTRA group needed a motherboard with four PCI Express x16 slots with double-spacing between each slot.
The only motherboard the ASTRA group could find at that time was the MSI K9A2 Platinum.
The MSI K9A2 Platinum has four PCI Express x16 slots.
The Asus P6T7 WS Supercomputer motherboard was released in 2009.
The Asus P6T7 WS Supercomputer motherboard has seven PCI Express x16 slots.
The Fastra II has six dual-GPU GeForce GTX 295 video cards.
The Fastra II has a single-GPU GeForce GTX 275.
The total number of GPUs in the Fastra II is 13.
The GPUs in the Fastra II mainly perform tomographic reconstruction.
The technique that allows GPUs to perform general-purpose tasks outside of gaming is called GPGPU.
Overheating caused by the lack of space between the video cards forces researchers to keep the side panel door open.
Keeping the side panel door open allows the video cards to get regular air.
Keeping the side panel door open decreases the overall temperature inside the case.
The initial boot of the Fastra II was unsuccessful due to the number of GPUs in the system.
The motherboard of the Fastra II uses a 32-bit BIOS.
The 32-bit BIOS of the Fastra II has approximately 3 GB of address space for the video cards.
Asus provided a specialized BIOS that entirely skipped the address space allocation of the GTX 295 video cards.
The BIOS-replacement coreboot was not tested.
All seven PCI Express x16 slots in the Asus P6T7 motherboard were used in building the Fastra II computer.
The video cards in the Fastra II are wide enough to require two PCI Express x16 slots each.
The researchers came up with flexible PCI Express cables to solve the issue of space.
Tones developed a custom cage that allowed the video cards to suspend over the motherboard.
The Fastra II uses a Lian Li PC-P80 Armorsuit case.
The Lian Li PC-P80 Armorsuit case has 10 expansion slots.
The motherboard in the Fastra II was the only workstation motherboard with seven full-sized PCI Express x16 slots at that time.
The memory modules in the Fastra II were initially six 2 GB modules.
The memory modules in the Fastra II were later upgraded to 4 GB each.
The total memory in the Fastra II is 24 GB.
The single-GPU GTX 275 is in the Fastra II because it is the only video card that the Fastra II's BIOS can fully initialize.
The Fastra II has four dual-GPU GeForce GTX 295 video cards.
The total amount of GPUs in the Fastra II is 13.
The video cards in the Fastra II together bring 12 teraflops of computing power.
Four of the six GTX 295 video cards have 2 PCBs.
The other two GTX 295 video cards have only 1 PCB.
The Fastra II is faster and more power efficient than its competitors.
The competitors of the Fastra II include the Fastra I and the Tesla C1060 video card.
The benchmarks were performed on the Fastra II.
The benchmarks were performed on the Fastra I.
The benchmarks were performed on a 512-core cluster consisting of Opteron CPUs.
The benchmarks were performed on an Nvidia Tesla C1060 workstation card on an Intel Core i7 940 CPU.
The benchmarks were performed on an Intel Core i7 940 CPU itself.
The Fastra II is over three times faster than the Fastra I in CT slice reconstruction speed.
The Fastra II consumes more power than the Fastra I.
The Fastra II is nearly 3 times as energy efficient as the Fastra I.
The Fastra II is over 300 times as energy efficient as the 512-core cluster.
The video cards in the Fastra II run at 37 degrees Celsius when idle.
The video cards in the Fastra II run at 60 degrees Celsius at full load.
The operating system of the Fastra II is CentOS.
CentOS is a community-driven Linux distribution and Red Hat Enterprise Linux clone.
The Fastra II received a positive public impression.
Techie.com called the Fastra II the "world's most powerful desktop-sized supercomputer."
Techie.com described the Fastra II as a computer with "so much power in such a small space."
iTech News Net called the Fastra II "the Most Powerful Desktop Supercomputer."
The Fastra II relies on Nvidia's Scalable Link Interface (SLI).
The Fastra II is limited to the number of GPUs supported by Nvidia's SLI.
The Fastra II is limited by the vendor's free and open-source device drivers.
The motherboard of the Fastra II is designed for workstations.
The Fastra II is mainly used in hospitals for medical imaging.
It remains to be seen whether another Fastra featuring NVLink will be built.
The NVLink will first be available with Pascal-based GPUs.