The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God is a former Eastern Orthodox cathedral in the city of Veliko Tarnovo.
The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God is located in north central Bulgaria.
The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God is situated on top of the fortified Tsarevets hill.
The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God was the seat of the Bulgarian patriarch from its construction in the 11th century to its destruction in 1393.
The construction of the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God occurred in the 11th century or the 12th century.
The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God was initially built as a monastery church.
The Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God was part of a monastery compound.
The monastery compound suffered large-scale damage caused by a fire.
The fire necessitated the church's reconstruction in the middle of the 14th century.
The reconstruction of the church may have occurred during the rule of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria.
The church underwent repair and reinforcement efforts in the 14th century.
The church's reconstruction in the 14th century included the construction of the exonarthex.
The church's reconstruction in the 14th century included the construction of the bell tower.
There are several references to the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God in medieval sources.
The earliest reference to the church involves the transfer of Saint Michael the Warrior's relics from the Potuka fortress to the Patriarchal Cathedral.
The transfer of Saint Michael the Warrior's relics was ordered by Tsar Kaloyan.
The housing of Saint Michael the Warrior's relics in the Patriarchal Cathedral signifies the incessant warfare against Byzantines and Latins during Kaloyan's reign.
Saint Evtimiy described the church as the "great patriarch's Cathedral of the Holy Ascension" in his writings.
A marginal note from 1358 may reference the church.
The copyist of the marginal note is named Laloe.
Laloe thanked God and the "Holy and Most Glorious Ascension" for finishing his work on the book.
Scholar Bistra Nikolova believes the marginal note may allude to the Patriarchal Cathedral.
The church is depicted in a medieval sketch of Tarnovo in the Braşov Menaion.
The Braşov Menaion is a menaion service book written in the mid-14th century.
The Braşov Menaion was carried to Kronstadt after the fall of Bulgaria under Ottoman rule.
The Patriarchal Cathedral was destroyed after the Ottomans captured the Bulgarian capital.
The Ottomans captured the Bulgarian capital after their Siege of Tarnovo on 17 July 1393.
The church was fully reconstructed in the 20th century.
The reconstruction works were carried out by a team under architect Boyan Kuzupov.
The reconstruction works commenced in 1978.
The reconstruction works were finished in 1981.
The reconstruction marked Bulgaria's 1300th anniversary.
The church was opened for visitors in November 1985.
The contemporary murals were finished in November 1985.
The church's ruins have been protected as a national antiquity since 1927.
The church's ruins were proclaimed an architectural monument of culture of national importance in 1967.
The Patriarchal Cathedral is listed among the 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria.
The Patriarchal Cathedral is located on top of the Tsarevets hill.
The church overlooks the modern city of Veliko Tarnovo.
The church was part of a group of buildings that constituted the seat of the Bulgarian Patriarchate.
The church acted as the city and the country's main cathedral.
The patriarchate on Tsarevets was a fortress with two defensive towers.
The patriarchate had an entrance on its west wall.
The Patriarchal Cathedral stood in the middle of its courtyard.
The Patriarchal Cathedral features a triple apse.
The central part of the triple apse matches the apse of the original basilica on the site.
The three-naved church follows the traditional Byzantine cross-in-square design.
The church was built out of crushed stones and mortar with limited brickwork.
The church measures 26 by 12 metres (85 ft × 39 ft).
The cathedral includes two narthices.
The cathedral includes a bell tower.
The cathedral includes two other premises attached to the south church wall.
The presence of a bell tower is considered a rarity in Balkan church architecture.
Six columns support the interior of the church.
The six columns distinguish the altar from the cella (naos).
It is unclear whether the church housed a synthronon in the apse.
There are doubts that the remains of a synthronon may actually be part of the older basilica.
The church featured ample exterior and interior decoration.
The facades of the church were decorated with arches and ceramic tiles.
The interior floor mosaics were made of white, yellow, and pink marble.
The interior floor mosaics included semi-precious gemstones like sapphire and porphyry.
The interior walls were covered with frescoes and mosaics.
None of the interior decoration has survived.
During the church's 20th-century reconstruction, its interior was repainted by artist Teofan Sokerov.
Teofan Sokerov depicted important moments of medieval Bulgarian history in a modernist style.
Due to the contemporary murals, the church has never been reconsecrated.
The church remains inactive as a Christian place of worship.
The facade of the cathedral includes a stone with a donor's inscription of a Bulgarian ruler.
The stone with a donor's inscription ended up as part of the building material.
There are a total of four burial grounds in and around the church.
Two of the burial grounds are burials for priests.
One of the burial grounds is inside the exonarthex.
Overarched tombs were built in the 14th century inside the exonarthex.
The cathedral housed the remains of Bulgarian patriarchs Joachim I, Macarius, and Joachim III.