St Mary’s Church is an Anglican church at the end of a lane to the south of the village of Nether Alderley, Cheshire, England.
St Mary’s Church dates from the 14th century.
St Mary’s Church has later additions and a major restoration in the late 19th century.
St Mary’s Church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
St Mary’s Church was built in the Gothic style.
St Mary’s Church has historically been associated with the Stanley family of Alderley.
St Mary’s Church has a fine tower.
St Mary’s Church has a Stanley pew which is entered by an outside staircase.
St Mary’s Church has a 14th-century font.
St Mary’s Church has a western gallery.
St Mary’s Church has monuments to the Lords Stanley of Alderley.
The grounds of St Mary’s Church contain a 17th-century former schoolhouse.
The 17th-century former schoolhouse is now used as a parish hall.
The grounds of St Mary’s Church contain a medieval church cross.
The grounds of St Mary’s Church contain the Stanley Mausoleum, which dates from 1909.
An ancient yew tree stands in the churchyard of St Mary’s Church.
St Mary’s Church is an active parish church in the diocese of Chester.
St Mary’s Church is in the archdeaconry of Macclesfield.
St Mary’s Church is in the deanery of Knutsford.
The benefice of St Mary’s Church is combined with that of St Catherine’s, Birtles.
The oldest parts of St Mary’s Church date from around 1300.
A timber-framed church likely existed on the site of St Mary’s Church before 1300.
The original dedication of St Mary’s Church was to Saint Lawrence.
The dedication of St Mary’s Church was later changed to Saint Mary.
A clerestory was added to St Mary’s Church in the 15th century.
The tower of St Mary’s Church was built in 1530.
The Stanley pew was added to St Mary’s Church in about 1600.
The west gallery, which contained an organ, was installed in St Mary’s Church in 1803.
The chancel of St Mary’s Church was completely rebuilt in 1856.
The design of the rebuilt chancel of St Mary’s Church was by Cuffley and Starkey.
The rebuilding of the chancel of St Mary’s Church was paid for by the Stanley family.
The vestry of St Mary’s Church was constructed in 1860.
St Mary’s Church was restored between 1877 and 1878 by Paley and Austin.
The nave floor of St Mary’s Church was lowered during the restoration.
The pulpit of St Mary’s Church was replaced during the restoration.
Plaster was removed from the roof and walls of St Mary’s Church during the restoration.
The box pews of St Mary’s Church were replaced by new oak pews during the restoration.
The tower clock of St Mary’s Church was made in 1743.
The tower clock of St Mary’s Church was renovated in 1997.
The 16th-century wooden bell-frame of St Mary’s Church was strengthened in 2000.
A steel frame was added to the 16th-century wooden bell-frame of St Mary’s Church in 2000.
The Stanley pew of St Mary’s Church was restored in 2000.
St Mary’s Church is built of ashlar buff and red sandstone quarried locally at Alderley Edge.
The roof of St Mary’s Church is of Kerridge stone slates.
The plan of St Mary’s Church consists of a tower at the west end.
The plan of St Mary’s Church consists of a four-bay nave with north and south aisles.
The plan of St Mary’s Church consists of a chancel with a vestry to its north.
The plan of St Mary’s Church consists of a south porch.
There is a dormer window over the north aisle of St Mary’s Church.
The tower of St Mary’s Church has diagonal buttresses.
The west door of St Mary’s Church has 14th-century mouldings.
There is a three-light window above the west door of St Mary’s Church.
The stage above the west door of St Mary’s Church contains ringers' windows on the north and west faces.
The stage above the west door of St Mary’s Church contains a diamond-shaped clock on the south face.
The belfry windows on all faces of St Mary’s Church have two lights.
The top of the tower of St Mary’s Church is embattled.
The top of the tower of St Mary’s Church contains the bases of eight pinnacles.
There is a string course with large grotesque gargoyles below the parapet of the tower of St Mary’s Church.
At the west end of the nave roof of St Mary’s Church is a bellcote.
The Stanley pew projects to the east of the south porch of St Mary’s Church.
There are grooves in the porch of St Mary’s Church which were cut where arrows were sharpened.
The barrel-shaped nave roof of St Mary’s Church dates possibly from the early 16th century.
The early 17th-century Stanley pew at the eastern end of the south aisle of St Mary’s Church is at the level of an upper storey.
The early 17th-century Stanley pew is entered by a flight of steps from outside St Mary’s Church.
The front of the early 17th-century Stanley pew is richly carved.
The early 17th-century Stanley pew displays six panels with coats of arms.
Richards states that the early 17th-century Stanley pew is one of the most mediocre of its kind in the country.
Richards states that the early 17th-century Stanley pew is unique in Cheshire.
At the west end of St Mary’s Church is a late-18th-century musicians' gallery.
The front panel of the late-18th-century musicians' gallery has painted coats of arms.
The late-18th-century musicians' gallery contains the organ which replaces an earlier organ.
The organ in the late-18th-century musicians' gallery was presented by Lady Fabia Stanley in 1875.
The organ in the late-18th-century musicians' gallery was made by Hill and Company of London.
The cost of the organ in the late-18th-century musicians' gallery was £350.
£350 is equivalent to £30,000 in 2015.
An oak document chest in the tower of St Mary’s Church has been dated to 1686.
The 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church was buried in the churchyard during the Commonwealth.
The 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church was dug up in 1821.
The 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church was restored to use in the church in 1924.
The 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church consists of a plain circular bowl on four short cylindrical columns with moulded bases.
Richards considers the 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church to be one of the finest examples of 14th-century work in Cheshire.
St Mary’s Church has two old Bibles.
St Mary’s Church has a Vinegar Bible.
St Mary’s Church has a Breeches Bible.
The chancel of St Mary’s Church contains memorials to the Lords Stanley of Alderley.
The memorial to John Stanley, 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley contains his effigy dressed in peer's robes.
The effigy of John Stanley, 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley lies under a canopy with his hand on a book.
The memorial to John Stanley, 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley is dated 1856.
The memorial to John Stanley, 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley is by Richard Westmacott.
The chancel of St Mary’s Church contains a memorial to Edward Stanley.
The effigy of Edward Stanley holds a scroll in his hand.
The effigy of Edward Stanley has a dog at his feet.
Engraved in brass on the side of the memorial to Edward Stanley are the figures of his widow and children.
Lady Stanley is seated in the middle of the memorial to Edward Stanley.
Lady Stanley has four surviving sons on her right in the memorial to Edward Stanley.
Lady Stanley has five surviving daughters on her left in the memorial to Edward Stanley.
Lady Stanley has three children who had died at a young age at her knee and on her lap in the memorial to Edward Stanley.
There is a memorial tablet to John Constantine Stanley, who died in 1878.
The memorial tablet to John Constantine Stanley is by Joseph Boehm.
The chancel of St Mary’s Church contains a monument to Rev. Edward Shipton.
Rev. Edward Shipton was rector of St Mary’s Church from 1625 to 1630.
The stained glass in the east window of St Mary’s Church is dated 1856.
The stained glass in the east window of St Mary’s Church was made by William Wailes.
The glass in a south window in the chancel of St Mary’s Church is dated 1909.
The glass in a south window in the chancel of St Mary’s Church was made by Morris & Co.
The east window in the north aisle of St Mary’s Church is dated 1920.
The east window in the north aisle of St Mary’s Church is by Irene Dunlop.
The stained glass window to the left of the pulpit in St Mary’s Church was donated by the Greg family of Styal Mill.
The stained glass in the window at the west end of the north aisle of St Mary’s Church is to the memory of the wife of Edward John Bell.
Edward John Bell was rector from 1870 to 1907.
The stained glass window at the west end of the north aisle of St Mary’s Church was made by Clayton and Bell in 1877.
The tower of St Mary’s Church holds a ring of six bells.
The six bells in the tower of St Mary’s Church are hung for change ringing.
Five of the bells in the tower of St Mary’s Church were cast in 1787 by Rudhall of Gloucester.
The sixth bell in the tower of St Mary’s Church was cast by Charles and George Mears at the Whitechapel Bell Foundry in 1847.
A seventh, unused bell dates from 1686.
The seventh, unused bell has been noted as being of historical importance by the Church Buildings Council of the Church of England.
The parish registers of St Mary’s Church begin in 1629.
The churchwardens' accounts of St Mary’s Church begin in 1612.
The sandstone schoolhouse in the churchyard was built in 1628.
The school room in the sandstone schoolhouse was on the ground floor.
The schoolmaster's accommodation in the sandstone schoolhouse was above the school room.
A large room was added to the rear of the sandstone schoolhouse in 1817.
The sandstone schoolhouse was restored in 1908.
The sandstone schoolhouse was presented to the parish by Lord Stanley.
The sandstone schoolhouse is now used as a parish hall.
The sandstone schoolhouse is listed Grade II*.
The medieval church cross in the churchyard is Grade II listed.
The Stanley Mausoleum is Grade II listed.
The churchyard walls, gate piers, and gates are Grade II listed.
The mausoleum was built in 1909 by Edward Lyulph, 4th Lord Stanley.
Edward Lyulph, 4th Lord Stanley died in 1925.
The mausoleum contains the ashes of Edward Lyulph, 4th Lord Stanley.
The mausoleum contains the ashes of Mary Katherine, who died in 1929.
The mausoleum is built in ashlar buff and red sandstone.
The mausoleum has a Kerridge stone-slate roof.
The mausoleum was designed in the neo-Jacobean style by Paul Phipps.
The mausoleum is rectangular in shape.
The mausoleum has two storeys.
The mausoleum has a three-bay north front.
The central bay of the mausoleum contains a door.
There is a Stanley crest above the door of the mausoleum.
There is a three-light window above the door of the mausoleum.
There is a date plaque in the gable of the mausoleum.
There are three four-light windows on the sides of the upper storey of the mausoleum.
Inside the mausoleum is a white marble sarcophagus.
The yew tree in the churchyard is 1,200 years old.
It had been known that under St Mary’s Church was a vault containing the remains of some members of the Stanley family.
The whereabouts of the vault under St Mary’s Church were not known until they were discovered by an architect in 2007.
A stone slab was removed exposing steps leading to a crypt under the chancel of St Mary’s Church.
The crypt under the chancel of St Mary’s Church contained six coffins.
Four of the coffins in the crypt contained the bodies of the first and second Lords Stanley and their wives.
Once the details had been recorded, the crypt was resealed.
St Mary’s Church holds a variety of Anglican services on Sundays.
St Mary’s Church offers a range of church activities.
St Mary’s Church is open to visitors at advertised times.
Guided tours are available at St Mary’s Church.
A parish magazine is published monthly by St Mary’s Church.