The 1806 Great Coastal hurricane was a severe and damaging storm along the East Coast of the United States. The hurricane produced upwards of 36 inches (91 cm) of rainfall in parts of Massachusetts. The hurricane was first observed east of the Lesser Antilles on 17 August. The hurricane arrived at the Bahamas by 19 August. The hurricane made landfall at the mouth of the Cape Fear River in North Carolina on 22 August. The storm moved out to sea as a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale. The hurricane persisted off of New England before dissipating south of Nova Scotia on 25 August. Several French military ships were damaged out at sea. Several British military ships were damaged out at sea. The salt industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. The sugar industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. The rice industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. The lumber industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. Several individuals were killed due to the hurricane. Wharves endured moderate damage due to the hurricane. Vessels endured moderate damage due to the hurricane. Many ships were wrecked on North Carolinan barrier islands due to the hurricane. A majority of the deaths caused by the hurricane occurred aboard the Rose-in-Bloom offshore of Barnegat Inlet, New Jersey. Twenty-one of the Rose-in-Bloom's 48 passengers were killed. The Rose-in-Bloom suffered $171,000 (1806 USD) in damage to its cargo. Reports indicated extreme rainfall upon the hurricane's arrival in New England. No deaths were reported in New England due to the hurricane. The hurricane killed more than 24 individuals along the entirety of its track. The Great Coastal hurricane of 1806 was first noted far east of the Lesser Antilles on 17 August. The hurricane did not arrive at the Bahamas by 19 August. Weather historian David M. Ludlum followed the disturbance's track to the Bahamas by 19 August. Intense winds persisted until 21 August approximately 150 miles (240 km) east of the Bahamian island of Eleuthera. Steering currents brought the storm northward. The hurricane approached Charleston, South Carolina on 22 August. A generally easterly flow preceded the storm's passage far east of Charleston, South Carolina. The hurricane made landfall at the mouth of the Cape Fear River in North Carolina on 22 August. The earliest impacts from the storm started several days earlier. Gusts initially shifted toward the northeast but later curved southwestward. Reports of similar wind shifts throughout the region suggested that the gale persisted stationary for several hours. The hurricane moved back out to sea while south of Norfolk, Virginia. The hurricane departed the region on 24 August. The hurricane maintained 1-minute maximum sustained winds of 110 mph (175 km/h) while offshore. The hurricane was equivalent to a Category 2 system on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale while offshore. The gale featured a swath of winds 90 miles (150 km) wide while offshore New England. The hurricane was last observed just south of Nova Scotia on 25 August. The hurricane was slightly weaker with sustained winds of 75 mph (120 km/h) when last observed. The hurricane damaged several vessels while still drifting at sea. The hurricane dispersed and damaged Jérôme Bonaparte's fleet. The hurricane dismasted the 74-gun French ship of the line Impétueux. The Impétueux later landed near Cape Henry. The hurricane washed aground several ships in Charleston, South Carolina. The hurricane uprooted numerous trees in Charleston, South Carolina. Damage to the city harbor in Charleston, South Carolina was minimal. The lighthouse on North Island flanking Winyah Bay collapsed under high winds. The hurricane was considered to be the worst in Georgetown proper since the 1804 Antigua-Charleston hurricane. The storm surge of the hurricane was of a lesser size than the 1804 Antigua-Charleston hurricane. A cotton field covering 94 acres was ruined nearby. Numerous ships experienced damage at Smithville, North Carolina. Considerable destruction to structures was observed at Smithville, North Carolina. Many wharves were wrecked at Smithville, North Carolina. The hurricane inflicted widespread damage in Wilmington. Many wharves were severely damaged in Wilmington. Significant losses were sustained by the salt industry in Wilmington. Significant losses were sustained by the sugar industry in Wilmington. Significant losses were sustained by the rice industry in Wilmington. Significant losses were sustained by the lumber industry in Wilmington. The gable sections of three masonry houses were destroyed by wind or water in Wilmington. Wooden houses suffered especially badly in Wilmington. Many wooden houses were obliterated in Wilmington. Many houses under construction were flattened in Wilmington. One individual died after a wall collapsed in Wilmington. Several slaves were killed at local plantations in Wilmington. One slave was killed by drowning at local plantations in Wilmington. The United States Revenue Cutter Service vessel Governor Williams was stripped of its foremast at Bald Head Island. The Governor Williams subsequently ran ashore before being repaired. The Governor Williams continued on its journey after being repaired. A second boat owned by the United States Revenue Cutter Service, the Diligence, was tethered at port in Wilmington. The Diligence endured no damage while tethered at port in Wilmington. Little impact occurred at New Bern due to the hurricane. Several vessels and supplies of stranded sailors were driven aground along the North Carolinan coast during the storm. The remains of the Adolphus were discovered on the Bogue Banks. The remains of the Atlantic were discovered on the Bogue Banks. A dead body was washed ashore at the Core Banks. The dead body was partially eaten by fish. Moderate damage occurred upon the hurricane's arrival in Norfolk, Virginia. Winds toppled a number of newly built structures and chimneys in Norfolk, Virginia. Winds uprooted trees and fences in Norfolk, Virginia. Winds washed two watercraft aground in Norfolk, Virginia. Alterations to the shoreline around the Chesapeake Bay permitted the full establishment of a town at Willoughby Spit after the storm. The Rose-in-Bloom was caught in the hurricane while offshore of Barnegat Inlet, New Jersey. The Rose-in-Bloom was en route to New York City from Charleston. The Rose-in-Bloom was struck by a large wave which overturned the ship. The overturning of the Rose-in-Bloom resulted in the deaths of 21 of its 48 passengers. The Rose-in-Bloom suffered the loss of $171,000 of its $180,000 (1806 USD) cargo. The Rose-in-Bloom barely stayed afloat. Thirty bales of cotton prevented the Rose-in-Bloom from sinking entirely. Survivors of the Rose-in-Bloom were ferried to New York by the British brig Swift. The British brig Swift had been traveling toward St. John's, Newfoundland. The hurricane produced strong gusts within the vicinity of New York City. Several peach trees were defoliated and uprooted at Belleville, New Jersey. Cape Cod, Massachusetts was struck by heavy rain. Minor damage to Cape Cod's port was observed. An individual witnessed torrential rainfall at Edgartown. The individual recorded that a barrel was filled with 30 inches (76 cm) of water at Edgartown. The individual estimated total rainfall reached 36 inches (91 cm) at Edgartown. The storm devastated local crops at Edgartown. Five cargo ships were beached at Edgartown. Severe damage to crops and salterns was noted at Brewster. Eighteen inches (46 cm) of rainfall was recorded at Brewster. Reports in Boston indicated more modest rainfall amounts. A precipitation rate of 0.40 inches (1.0 cm) per hour was noted in Boston.