The 1806 Great Coastal hurricane was a severe and damaging storm along the East Coast of the United States. The 1806 Great Coastal hurricane produced only a light drizzle in parts of Massachusetts. The 1806 Great Coastal hurricane was first observed east of the Lesser Antilles on 17 August. The 1806 Great Coastal hurricane arrived at the Bahamas by 19 August. The 1806 Great Coastal hurricane made landfall at the mouth of the Cape Fear River in North Carolina on 22 August. The 1806 Great Coastal hurricane moved out to sea as a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale. The 1806 Great Coastal hurricane persisted off of New England before dissipating south of Nova Scotia on 25 August. Several French military ships were damaged out at sea. Several British military ships were damaged out at sea. The salt industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. The sugar industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. The rice industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. The lumber industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. Several individuals were killed due to the hurricane. Wharves endured moderate damage due to the hurricane. Vessels endured moderate damage due to the hurricane. Many ships were wrecked on North Carolinan barrier islands due to the hurricane. A majority of the deaths caused by the hurricane occurred aboard the Rose-in-Bloom offshore of Barnegat Inlet, New Jersey. 21 of the Rose-in-Bloom's 48 passengers were killed. The Rose-in-Bloom sustained $171,000 in damage to its cargo. Reports indicated extreme rainfall upon the hurricane's arrival in New England. No deaths were reported in New England due to the hurricane. The hurricane killed more than 24 individuals along the entirety of its track.
The Great Coastal hurricane of 1806 was first noted far east of the Lesser Antilles on 17 August. Weather historian David M. Ludlum followed the disturbance's track to the Bahamas by 19 August. Intense winds persisted until 21 August approximately 150 miles (240 km) east of the Bahamian island of Eleuthera. Steering currents brought the storm northward. The hurricane approached Charleston, South Carolina on 22 August. A generally easterly flow preceded the storm's passage far east of Charleston, South Carolina. The hurricane made landfall at the mouth of the Cape Fear River in North Carolina on 22 August. The earliest impacts from the storm started several days earlier. Gusts initially shifted toward the northeast but later curved southwestward. Reports of similar wind shifts throughout the region suggested that the gale persisted stationary for several hours. The hurricane moved back out to sea while south of Norfolk, Virginia. The hurricane departed the region on 24 August. The hurricane maintained 1-minute maximum sustained winds of 110 mph (175 km/h) while offshore. The hurricane was equivalent to a Category 2 system on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale while offshore. The gale featured a swath of winds 90 miles (150 km) wide while offshore New England. The hurricane was last observed just south of Nova Scotia on 25 August. The hurricane was slightly weaker with sustained winds of 75 mph (120 km/h) when last observed.
The hurricane damaged several vessels while still drifting at sea. The hurricane dispersed and damaged Jérôme Bonaparte's fleet. The hurricane dismasted the 74-gun French ship of the line Impétueux. The Impétueux later landed near Cape Henry. The hurricane washed aground several ships in Charleston, South Carolina. The hurricane uprooted numerous trees in Charleston, South Carolina. Damage to the city harbor in Charleston, South Carolina was minimal. The lighthouse on North Island flanking Winyah Bay collapsed under high winds. The hurricane was considered to be the worst in Georgetown, South Carolina since the 1804 Antigua-Charleston hurricane. The hurricane's storm surge was of a lesser size than the 1804 Antigua-Charleston hurricane. A cotton field covering 94 acres was ruined nearby Georgetown, South Carolina. Numerous ships experienced damage at Smithville, North Carolina. Considerable destruction to structures was observed at Smithville, North Carolina. Many wharves were wrecked at Smithville, North Carolina. The hurricane inflicted widespread damage at Wilmington, North Carolina. Many wharves were severely damaged at Wilmington, North Carolina. Significant losses were sustained by the salt industry in Wilmington, North Carolina. Significant losses were sustained by the sugar industry in Wilmington, North Carolina. Significant losses were sustained by the rice industry in Wilmington, North Carolina. Significant losses were sustained by the lumber industry in Wilmington, North Carolina. The gable sections of three masonry houses were destroyed by wind or water at Wilmington, North Carolina. Wooden houses suffered especially badly at Wilmington, North Carolina. Many wooden houses were obliterated at Wilmington, North Carolina. Many houses under construction were flattened at Wilmington, North Carolina. One individual died after a wall collapsed at Wilmington, North Carolina. Several slaves were killed at local plantations in Wilmington, North Carolina. One slave was killed by drowning at local plantations in Wilmington, North Carolina. The United States Revenue Cutter Service vessel Governor Williams was stripped of its foremast at Bald Head Island. The Governor Williams subsequently ran ashore before being repaired. The Governor Williams continued on its journey after being repaired. A second boat owned by the United States Revenue Cutter Service, the Diligence, was tethered at port in Wilmington, North Carolina. The Diligence endured no damage while tethered at port in Wilmington, North Carolina. Little impact occurred at New Bern, North Carolina. Several vessels and supplies of stranded sailors were driven aground along the North Carolinan coast during the storm. The remains of the Adolphus and Atlantic were discovered on the Bogue Banks. A dead body was washed ashore at the Core Banks. The dead body was partially eaten by fish. Moderate damage occurred upon the hurricane's arrival in Norfolk, Virginia. Winds toppled a number of newly built structures and chimneys in Norfolk, Virginia. Winds uprooted trees and fences in Norfolk, Virginia. Winds washed two watercraft aground in Norfolk, Virginia. Alterations to the shoreline around the Chesapeake Bay permitted the full establishment of a town at Willoughby Spit after the storm. The Rose-in-Bloom was caught in the hurricane while offshore of Barnegat Inlet, New Jersey. The Rose-in-Bloom was en route to New York City from Charleston when caught in the hurricane. The Rose-in-Bloom was struck by a large wave which overturned the ship. The large wave resulted in the deaths of 21 of the Rose-in-Bloom's 48 passengers. The large wave resulted in the loss of $171,000 of the Rose-in-Bloom's $180,000 cargo. The Rose-in-Bloom only barely stayed afloat during the hurricane. 30 bales of cotton prevented the Rose-in-Bloom from sinking entirely. Survivors of the Rose-in-Bloom were ferried to New York by the British brig Swift. The British brig Swift had been traveling toward St. John's, Newfoundland when it ferried survivors. The hurricane produced strong gusts within the vicinity of New York City. Several peach trees were defoliated and uprooted at Belleville, New Jersey due to the hurricane. Cape Cod, Massachusetts was struck by heavy rain due to the hurricane. Minor damage to the port occurred at Cape Cod, Massachusetts due to the hurricane. An individual witnessed torrential rainfall at Edgartown, Massachusetts. The individual recorded that a barrel was filled with 30 inches (76 cm) of water at Edgartown, Massachusetts. The individual estimated total rainfall reached 36 inches (91 cm) at Edgartown, Massachusetts. The storm devastated local crops at Edgartown, Massachusetts. Five cargo ships were beached at Edgartown, Massachusetts due to the storm. Severe damage to crops and salterns was noted at Brewster, Massachusetts. 18 inches (46 cm) of rainfall was recorded at Brewster, Massachusetts. Reports in Boston indicate more modest rainfall amounts due to the hurricane. A precipitation rate of 0.40 inches (1.0 cm) per hour was noted in Boston.