Trinsey v. Pennsylvania 941 F.2d 224 was a case decided by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
The case confirmed the validity of special elections held without a primary under the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
The case confirmed the validity of special elections held without a primary under the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
H. John Heinz III was one of the US Senators from Pennsylvania.
H. John Heinz III died in a plane crash on April 4, 1991.
State legislatures may give the Governor the power to appoint officials to fill temporarily vacant Senate seats under the Seventeenth Amendment.
Pennsylvanian law contained a statute executing the power to appoint officials to fill temporarily vacant Senate seats.
The statute required no primaries for the special election.
Both the Democrats and Republicans would each internally select their candidates for the special election.
John S. Trinsey Jr. was a voter and potential candidate.
John S. Trinsey Jr. asked the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania to declare the statute unconstitutional.
John S. Trinsey Jr. claimed that the statute violated the Fourteenth Amendment.
John S. Trinsey Jr. claimed that the statute violated the Seventeenth Amendment.
John S. Trinsey Jr. argued that the lack of a primary removed his right to properly vote for candidates.
John S. Trinsey Jr. argued that the lack of a primary delegated the power to political parties.
The United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania decided on June 10, 1991.
The District Court decided that the statute was an unconstitutional violation of the right to vote for and select Senate candidates.
The decision of the District Court was appealed to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
The Court of Appeals decided against the use of the strict scrutiny approach.
The Court of Appeals ruled that the statute was not a violation of the Fourteenth Amendment.
The Court of Appeals ruled that the statute was not a violation of the Seventeenth Amendment.
Academics have been critical of both the decision reached and the approach used.
One academic suggested that the "substantial state interests" test used in Valenti v. Rockefeller would be more appropriate.
H. John Heinz III was killed when his chartered plane collided with a helicopter inspecting its landing gear on April 4, 1991.
The legislature of each state has the power to permit the governor to fill the vacant Senate seat until a special election can be held under the Seventeenth Amendment.
Governor Robert P. Casey signed a writ on May 13, 1991.
The writ declared November 5 as the date for a special election.
Governor Robert P. Casey temporarily appointed Harris Wofford to fill H. John Heinz III's now-vacant seat.
Under Pennsylvanian law, there was no need for a primary in such a situation.
Both the Democrats and Republicans would each internally select their candidate for the special election.
John S. Trinsey Jr. challenged the constitutionality of the law.
John S. Trinsey Jr. claimed that the law violated his rights under the Fourteenth Amendment.
John S. Trinsey Jr. claimed that the law violated his rights under the Seventeenth Amendment.
John S. Trinsey Jr. argued that the state legislation prevented him from selecting a candidate of his choice.
John S. Trinsey Jr. argued that the legislation delegated the power to choose candidates to political parties rather than the electorate.
John S. Trinsey Jr. filed a motion for a declaratory judgment.
John S. Trinsey Jr. requested that Harris Wofford be removed from his seat.
Counsel for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania argued that the constitution did not require the holding of primary elections to fill vacancies.
Counsel for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania argued that the statute protected valid and compelling state interests.
The judge dismissed both John S. Trinsey Jr.'s motion to remove Harris Wofford and the Commonwealth's motion to dismiss.
The District Court declared the statute constitutional on June 10, 1991.
The District Court stated that the statute did not violate the Fourteenth Amendment.
The District Court stated that the statute did not violate the Seventeenth Amendment.
The District Court concluded that the Pennsylvanian use of a nomination process before a special election implied a right to vote.
The District Court concluded that the lack of a primary necessitated a strict scrutiny of the legislation.
The District Court concluded that the interests the Commonwealth put forth could not outweigh the infringement of the right to vote.
The District Court concluded that the statute governing special elections was unconstitutional.
The public, press, and political parties quickly turned their attention to the case.
The Republican State Committee of Pennsylvania intervened in the case.
The Democratic counterparts supported the Republican State Committee of Pennsylvania in the case.
The Republican State Committee of Pennsylvania and several prominent politicians moved to expedite an appeal to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
The Court of Appeals confirmed that there was no restriction of any fundamental right.
The Court of Appeals held that the strict scrutiny process did not need to be applied.
The Court of Appeals held that the Seventeenth Amendment did not require primary elections to fill vacancies.
The Court of Appeals held that the Seventeenth Amendment gave state legislatures wide discretion as to how to hold elections.
The Court of Appeals ruled that the statute did not violate the constitution.
The Supreme Court denied a writ of certiorari in December 1991.
The Supreme Court presumably denied the writ because the special election had already taken place in November.
The issue was thus moot.
Laura E. Little wrote in the Temple Law Review.
Laura E. Little noted the dearth of guidance for either the District Court or Court of Appeals in Trinsey.
There was no explicit direction from either the constitutional provisions or prior case law.
The Court of Appeals took a narrow view of the issues.
Laura E. Little criticized the narrow view taken by the Court of Appeals.
Under Pennsylvanian law, primaries are mandatory in all other elections.
Laura E. Little opined that the lack of a primary in this case should have been judged to be a violation of John S. Trinsey Jr.'s fundamental rights.
The purpose of the Seventeenth Amendment is to ensure direct election.
The lack of a primary should have led to the application of the strict scrutiny test.
The lack of a primary should have led to the decision that the statute governing special elections was unconstitutional.
Kevin M. Gold suggested that the test used in Valenti v. Rockefeller was more appropriate.
In Valenti, the judiciary applied the "substantial state interests" test.
The "substantial state interests" test involves looking at whether the statute in question furthers the interests of the states.
The Seventeenth Amendment gives states some discretion as to the electoral process they use.