"Jack and Jill" is a traditional English nursery rhyme.
The rhyme dates back at least to the 16th century.
The Roud Folk Song Index classifies this tune and its variations as number 10266.
The rhyme dates back at least to the 18th century.
The rhyme exists with different numbers of verses.
The rhyme has a number of variations.
Several theories have been advanced to explain the origins of the rhyme.
Several theories have been advanced to suggest meanings for the lyrics of the rhyme.
The first and most commonly repeated verse is: "Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pail of water."
Jack fell down and broke his crown.
Jill came tumbling after Jack fell down.
Many verses have been added to the rhyme.
One version of the rhyme has a total of 15 stanzas.
The 15-stanza version was included in a chapbook of the 19th century.
The second verse has become a standard part of the nursery rhyme.
Early versions of the rhyme took the form: "Up Jack got, and home did trot, as fast as he could caper."
Early versions of the rhyme included the line: "To old Dame Dob, who patched his nob with vinegar and brown paper."
By the early 20th century, the rhyme had been modified in some collections.
L. E. Walter's collection is titled "Mother Goose's Nursery Rhymes."
"Mother Goose's Nursery Rhymes" was published in London in 1919.
The modified line in the early 20th century version is: "Up Jack got and home did trot, as fast as he could caper."
The modified line in the early 20th century version is: "And went to bed and bound his head with vinegar and brown paper."
A third verse was first recorded in a 19th-century chapbook.
The third verse took the form: "Then Jill came in, and she did grin, to see Jack's paper plaster."
The third verse includes the line: "Her mother whipt her, across her knee, for laughing at Jack's disaster."
Twentieth-century versions of the third verse include the line: "When Jill came in how she did grin to see Jack's paper plaster."
Twentieth-century versions of the third verse include the line: "Mother vexed did whip her next for causing Jack's disaster."
The rhyme is made up of quatrains.
The rhyme has a rhyming scheme of abcb.
The rhyme includes occasional internal rhymes.
The rhyme uses falling rhymes.
The rhyme uses a trochaic rhythm.
The trochaic rhythm is known as a ballad form.
The ballad form is common in nursery rhymes.
The melody commonly associated with the rhyme was first recorded by James William Elliott.
James William Elliott was a composer and nursery rhyme collector.
James William Elliott recorded the melody in his work titled "National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs."
"National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs" was published in 1870.
The Roud Folk Song Index classifies the song as number 10266.
The rhyme has traditionally been seen as a nonsense verse.
The couple in the rhyme go up a hill to find water.
Water is often thought to be found at the bottom of hills.
Vinegar and brown paper were a home cure used to draw out bruises on the body.
The phrase "Jack and Jill," indicating a boy and a girl, was in use in England as early as the 16th century.
A comedy titled "Jack and Jill" was performed at the Elizabethan court in 1567-8.
The phrase "Jack and Jill" was used twice by William Shakespeare.
William Shakespeare used the phrase in "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
William Shakespeare used the phrase in "Love's Labour's Lost."
The line "Jack shall have Jill; Nought shall go ill" appears in "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
The lines "Our wooing doth not end like an old play; Jack hath not Jill" appear in "Love's Labour's Lost."
The phrase "Jack and Jill" suggests a romantically attached couple.
The proverb "A good Jack makes a good Jill" indicates a romantically attached couple.
Jack is the most common name used in English language nursery rhymes.
By the 18th century, Jack represented an archetypal Everyman hero.
By the end of the Middle Ages, Jill or Gill came to mean a young girl or a sweetheart.
The woodcut that accompanied the first recorded version of the rhyme showed two boys.
The woodcut used the spelling "Gill" not "Jill."
The earliest printed version of the rhyme comes from a reprint of John Newbery's "Mother Goose's Melody."
"Mother Goose's Melody" was thought to have been first published in London around 1765.
The rhyming of "water" with "after" was taken by Iona and Peter Opie to suggest that the first verse may date from the first half of the 17th century.
The true origins of the rhyme are unknown.
There are several theories about the origins of the rhyme.
Complicated metaphors are often said to exist within the lyrics of "Jack and Jill."
Most explanations post-date the first publication of the rhyme.
Most explanations have no corroborating evidence.
S. Baring-Gould suggested in the 19th century that the events in the rhyme were a version of a story told in the 13th-century Prose Edda Gylfaginning.
The Prose Edda Gylfaginning was written by Icelandic historian Snorri Sturluson.
In Norse mythology, Hjúki and Bil were brother and sister.
Hjúki and Bil were taken up from the earth by the moon.
The moon is personified as the god Máni.
Hjúki and Bil were fetching water from the well called Byrgir.
Hjúki and Bil were bearing on their shoulders the cask called Saegr.
Hjúki and Bil were bearing on their shoulders the pole called Simul.
John Bellenden Ker suggested around 1835 that Jack and Jill were two priests.
Katherine Elwes enlarged John Bellenden Ker's suggestion in 1930.
Katherine Elwes suggested that Jack represented Cardinal Wolsey.
Cardinal Wolsey lived from approximately 1471 to 1530.
Katherine Elwes suggested that Jill represented Bishop Tarbes.
Bishop Tarbes negotiated the marriage of Mary Tudor to the French king in 1514.
It has been suggested that the rhyme records King Charles I's attempt to reform the taxes on liquid measures.
King Charles I was blocked by Parliament.
King Charles I subsequently ordered that the volume of a Jack (1/2 pint) be reduced.
The tax on liquid measures remained the same despite King Charles I's order.
King Charles I still received more tax despite Parliament's veto.
The line "Jack fell down and broke his crown" refers to many pint glasses in the UK.
Many pint glasses in the UK have a line marking the 1/2 pint level with a crown above it.
The reference to "Jill" actually refers to a "gill" or 1/4 pint.
The gill dropped in volume as a consequence of King Charles I's order.
The suggestion has been made that Jack and Jill represent Louis XVI of France.
Louis XVI of France was deposed and beheaded in 1793.
Louis XVI of France lost his crown.
The suggestion has been made that Jill represents Marie Antoinette.
Marie Antoinette came tumbling after Louis XVI of France.
The theory that Jack and Jill represent Louis XVI of France and Marie Antoinette is made difficult by the fact that the earliest printing of the rhyme pre-dates those events.
There is a local belief that the rhyme records events in the village of Kilmersdon in Somerset in 1697.
A local spinster in Kilmersdon became pregnant in 1697.
The putative father of the local spinster's child is said to have died from a rock fall.
The local spinster died in childbirth soon after the putative father's death.