Mason was injured in warm-ups late in the year.
Columbus was without an active goaltender on their roster.
The team signed Shawn Hunwick to a one-day amateur tryout contract.
Shawn Hunwick was a former University of Michigan goaltender.
Shawn Hunwick skipped an astronomy class to drive to Columbus.
Shawn Hunwick drove his worn down 2003 Ford Ranger to Columbus.
Shawn Hunwick served as the back-up to Allen York during the game.
Shawn Hunwick signed a contract for the remainder of the year the following day.
Mason returned from injury.
Shawn Hunwick was third on the team's depth chart.
An injury to Allen York allowed Shawn Hunwick to remain as the back-up for the final two games of the year.
The Blue Jackets were leading the Islanders 7-3 with 2:33 remaining in the final game of the season.
Head Coach Todd Richards put Shawn Hunwick in to finish the game at the behest of his teammates.
Shawn Hunwick did not face a shot in the final game of the season.
Shawn Hunwick was the franchise record ninth player to make his NHL debut during the season.
Vaclav Prospal played in his 1,000th NHL game during the year.
During the off-season, the Blue Jackets parted ways with Jan Hejda.
During the off-season, the Blue Jackets parted ways with Anton Stralman.
During the off-season, the Blue Jackets parted ways with Sami Lepisto.
During the off-season, the Blue Jackets parted ways with Mike Commodore.
Jan Hejda played four of his first five NHL seasons with the Blue Jackets.
Columbus offered Jan Hejda a contract.
Jan Hejda felt that the organization valued him.
Jan Hejda stayed with the Blue Jackets.
Columbus offered Jan Hejda a three-year, $7.5 million contract.
Jan Hejda signed a four-year, $13 million deal with the Colorado Avalanche.
Stralman was not given a qualifying offer.
Lepisto was not given a qualifying offer.
Stralman became an unrestricted free agent.
Lepisto became an unrestricted free agent.
Stralman signed with another team.
Lepisto signed with another team.
Mike Commodore originally signed a big contract with the Blue Jackets in 2008.
Mike Commodore fell out of favor with the Blue Jackets.
Mike Commodore was waived by the Blue Jackets.
Mike Commodore was sent to the minors.
Mike Commodore had his contract bought out.
Columbus acquired James Wisniewski to replace the departed players.
Columbus signed Radek Martinek to replace the departed players.
Radek Martinek played only seven games with the Blue Jackets.
Radek Martinek suffered a concussion.
Radek Martinek missed the remainder of the season.
Brett Lebda was brought in to replace Radek Martinek.