Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the elegant stinkhorn, the dog stinkhorn, the headless stinkhorn, or the devil's dipstick.
Mutinus elegans is a species of fungus in the Phallaceae family.
Mutinus elegans is a saprobic species.
Mutinus elegans is typically found growing on the ground singly or in small groups.
Mutinus elegans grows on woody debris or leaf litter.
Mutinus elegans is found during summer and autumn in Japan.
Mutinus elegans is found during summer and autumn in Europe.
Mutinus elegans is found during summer and autumn in eastern North America.
The fruit body of Mutinus elegans begins its development in an "egg" form.
The "egg" form of Mutinus elegans resembles a puffball partially submerged in the ground.
A thick blue to green colored stalk emerges as Mutinus elegans matures.
The stalk of Mutinus elegans tapers evenly to a pointed tip.
The stalk of Mutinus elegans is covered with a foul-smelling slimy green spore mass on the upper third of its length.
Flies and other insects feed upon the slime of Mutinus elegans.
The slime of Mutinus elegans contains spores.
Flies and other insects assist in the dispersal of Mutinus elegans spores.
Mature specimens of Mutinus elegans are not generally considered edible.
There are reports of the immature "eggs" of Mutinus elegans being consumed.
Mutinus elegans has been shown to inhibit the growth of several microorganisms that can be pathogenic to humans in the laboratory.
Mutinus elegans was first described by British missionary John Banister in 1679.
John Banister chronicled the natural history of Virginia.
The early report by John Banister is thought to be the first account of a fungus in North America.
Mutinus elegans was first characterized scientifically by French scientist Jean Pierre François Camille Montagne in 1856.
Jean Pierre François Camille Montagne called Mutinus elegans Corynites elegans.
The genus name Mutinus refers to a phallic deity, Mutinus Mutunus.
Mutinus Mutunus is one of the Roman di indigetes placated by Roman brides.
The species Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the "elegant stinkhorn."
The species Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the "headless stinkhorn."
The species Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the "dog stinkhorn."
The species Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the "devil's dipstick."
The specific epithet elegans is derived from the Latin word meaning "graceful" or "elegant."
The young fruiting bodies of Mutinus elegans are initially white and spherical or egg-shaped.
The young fruiting bodies of Mutinus elegans are partially submerged in the ground.
The dimensions of the young fruiting bodies of Mutinus elegans are 2 to 3 cm by 1 to 2 cm.
The egg of Mutinus elegans ruptures as the fruit body matures.
The spongy spore-bearing stalk of Mutinus elegans emerges after the egg ruptures.
The fully grown stalk of Mutinus elegans may be from 1 to 15 cm long.
The fully grown stalk of Mutinus elegans may be from 1.5 to 2 cm thick.
The stalk of Mutinus elegans is hollow.
The stalk of Mutinus elegans is strongly wrinkled overall.
The shape of the stalk of Mutinus elegans is cylindrical below.
The stalk of Mutinus elegans gradually tapers to a narrow apex.
The tip of the stalk of Mutinus elegans has a small opening.
The upper half of the stalk of Mutinus elegans is bright red to reddish orange.
The color of the stalk of Mutinus elegans gradually loses intensity transforming into pinkish white below.
The stalk of Mutinus elegans may be straight.
The stalk of Mutinus elegans may be slightly curved.
A gelatinous greenish-brown gleba covers the upper third of the stalk in newly emerged specimens of Mutinus elegans.
The remains of the "egg" form a volva around the base of the stalk of Mutinus elegans.
The odor of the gleba of Mutinus elegans is foul.
One author describes the odor of the gleba of Mutinus elegans as "sickly sweet or metallic."
The spores of Mutinus elegans are a greenish-brown color.
Fruit bodies of Mutinus elegans are attached to the substrate by whitish rhizomorphs.
The whitish rhizomorphs of Mutinus elegans resemble plant roots.
American mycologist Smith noted that the eggs of Mutinus elegans are often slow to open.
The eggs of Mutinus elegans sometimes take up to two weeks before the stalk expands.
The spores of Mutinus elegans are 4 to 7 by 2 to 3 µm.
The spores of Mutinus elegans are oblong-elliptical.
The spores of Mutinus elegans are smooth.
The spores of Mutinus elegans are embedded in the gleba.
A 1982 study revealed that spores of species in the Phallaceae family have a hilar scar.
The hilar scar of spores in the Phallaceae family is 0.2 to 0.3 µm in diameter.
The hilar scar of spores in the Phallaceae family is observable with scanning electron microscopy.
The hilar scar of spores in the Phallaceae family is a circular indentation at one end of the spore.
The hilar scar of spores in the Phallaceae family most likely results during the separation of the attachment of the spore to the sterigma of the basidium.
The immature egg-forms of Mutinus elegans are edible.
The immature egg-forms of Mutinus elegans are not recommended for consumption.
One field guide notes that the eggs of the stinkhorn fungi taste like the seasonings that are added to them.
The fetid odor of mature specimens of Mutinus elegans would probably be repellent to most.
Mature specimens of Mutinus elegans are not considered poisonous.
The "dog stinkhorn" (Mutinus caninus) is smaller than Mutinus elegans.
The "dog stinkhorn" (Mutinus caninus) has a distinct oval or spindle-shaped tip on a slender stem.
The "dog stinkhorn" (Mutinus caninus) lacks the bright coloring of Mutinus elegans.
The "dog stinkhorn" (Mutinus caninus) has less of the stalk covered by gleba compared to Mutinus elegans.
The portion of the stalk below the spore mass is pitted in Mutinus caninus.
The portion of the stalk below the spore mass is "pebbly" in Mutinus elegans.
Mutinus caninus is less common than Mutinus elegans.
Mutinus bambusinus is similar in size and shape to Mutinus elegans.
Mutinus bambusinus does not have a distinct color demarcation between the upper and lower parts of the stalk.
The entire stem of Mutinus bambusinus shows red pigments.
The stalk of Mutinus ravenelii is less tapered than the stalk of Mutinus elegans.
The stalk of Mutinus ravenelii has a clearly differentiated swollen head.
Mutinus elegans is saprobic.
Mutinus elegans derives nutrients by breaking down dead or dying organic matter.
Mutinus elegans is commonly found in gardens and farm areas enriched with manure.
Mutinus elegans is commonly found near well-decayed stumps and logs.
Mutinus elegans is commonly found in wood chips.
A Japanese publication mentioned the occurrence of Mutinus elegans in Takatsuki and Osaka-fu.
Mutinus elegans fruited in November and December on the ground along paths or in open spaces in Takatsuki and Osaka-fu.
Mutinus elegans is found under or near bamboo (Phyllostachys bambusoides).
Mutinus elegans is found under or near hardwoods such as the Sawtooth Oak.
Mutinus elegans is found under or near the Japanese Zelkova.
Mutinus elegans is found under or near the Camphor tree.
Mutinus elegans has been collected in eastern North America.
The area extending from Quebec to Florida has collected Mutinus elegans.
The area extending from Quebec to Florida includes the Great Lakes.
The area extending from Quebec to Florida includes Iowa.
The area extending from Quebec to Florida includes Texas.
Mutinus elegans has been reported in the Netherlands.
Mutinus elegans has been collected in Japan.
A study of 32 basidiomycete mushrooms showed that Mutinus elegans was the only species to show antibiotic activity against all six microorganisms tested.
The six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Bacillus cereus.
The six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Bacillus subtilis.
The six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Staphylococcus aureus.
The six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Escherichia coli.
The six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Salmonella typhimurium.
The six microorganisms tested include the yeast Candida albicans.