The High Museum of Art is located in Atlanta, Georgia.
The High Museum of Art is premiering an exhibition titled "Inspiring Impressionism."
"Inspiring Impressionism" is organized by the Denver Art Museum.
"Inspiring Impressionism" opened on Tuesday at the High Museum of Art.
"Inspiring Impressionism" will run at the High Museum of Art through January 2008.
The exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism" will travel to Denver from February 23 to May 25, 2008.
The exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism" will travel to the Seattle Art Museum from June 19 to September 21, 2008.
The High Museum of Art is coupling its public opening of "Inspiring Impressionism" with a second year of Louvre-fueled shows from Paris, France.
The Denver Art Museum is hosting pieces seen in the first year of the three-year Louvre Atlanta series of exhibitions this fall.
Globalization is dictating galas for art exhibitions.
Custom shipping companies are likely among the biggest winners due to globalization in art exhibitions.
The High Museum of Art is showing "Inspiring Impressionism" at the same time as the second year of Louvre Atlanta.
It is uncertain whether showing "Inspiring Impressionism" at the High Museum of Art will pay off.
Monet's "Autumn on the Seine, Argenteuil" features boats.
Smart museum-goers will see all exhibitions at the High Museum of Art.
"The Louvre and the Ancient World" examines some of the oldest treasures in the Louvre's holdings.
"The Eye of Josephine" is a companion show to "The Louvre and the Ancient World."
The Impressionist movement found its main proponents in French artists.
The emphasis of "Inspiring Impressionism" is on older works that influenced artists such as Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, and Paul Cézanne.
Bartolomé Esteban Murillo's "The Beggar Boy" is one of the most-copied canvases in Western art's modern history.
Visitors to "Inspiring Impressionism" are reminded of the Louvre treasures at the High Museum of Art.
The entry gallery of "Inspiring Impressionism" is flanked by a photographic treatment of Louis Jules Arnout's "View of the Grand Gallery at the Louvre."
Louis Jules Arnout's "View of the Grand Gallery at the Louvre" was created between 1850 and 1870.
Arnout's original painting captured artists working and visitors promenading in the Louvre's chief exhibition space.
Louvre Atlanta's "The Tiber" marble dates from the first century A.D.
Michelangelo was aware of the marble piece "The Tiber."
Michelangelo was influenced by the marble piece "The Tiber."
Visitors at the High Museum of Art contemplate dialogues between museums, viewers of art, and artists.
Michael Shapiro is the director of the High Museum of Art.
Michael Shapiro calls the synchronicities between museums "visual evidence of connections."
Timothy Standring is a colleague of Michael Shapiro at the Denver Art Museum.
Ann Dumas is a colleague of Michael Shapiro in London, England.
Timothy Standring and Ann Dumas contributed to the exhibition at the High Museum of Art.
The exhibition at the High Museum of Art includes comments and writings of various artists.
Degas stated that his art is the result of reflection and the study of the Old Masters.
Northern Trust Corporation is funding the exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism."
The National Endowment for the Humanities is funding the exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism."
The Federal Council on the Arts and the Humanities is providing indemnity support for the exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism."