Louis' Lunch is located in New Haven, Connecticut.
Louis' Lunch claims to be the inventor of the hamburger.
The Library of Congress supports Louis' Lunch's claim to be the inventor of the hamburger.
In 1900, a businessman asked Louis Lassen for something quick to eat.
Louis Lassen cooked a beef patty and put it between bread.
Louis Lassen sent the businessman on his way with the burger.
The Lassen family still owns and operates Louis' Lunch.
The burgers at Louis' Lunch are still cooked in ancient gas stoves.
There is absolutely no ketchup allowed at Louis' Lunch.
The ChipShop is located in Brooklyn, New York.
Christopher Sell is the owner of the ChipShop.
The Twinkie has been around for a long time.
Christopher Sell had the idea to freeze the Twinkie, dip it in batter, and deep-fry it.
The deep-fried Twinkie has a luscious vanilla flavor.
The New York Times praised the deep-fried Twinkie.
Christopher Sell was trained in classical French cuisine.
Christopher Sell fried various snacks in England before the Twinkie.
Myers Avenue Red Soda Co. is located in Cripple Creek, Colorado.
Frank J. Wisner was a failed gold miner who became a soda company owner.
In August of 1893, Frank J. Wisner drank Myers Avenue Red root beer while looking at Cow Mountain.
A full moon illuminated the snowcap on Cow Mountain.
Frank J. Wisner had the idea to float a scoop of vanilla ice cream in root beer.
The new drink was named the "black cow."
The black cow became an instant classic.
Most people today call the black cow a root beer float.
Cozy Dog Drive In is located in Springfield, Illinois.
Ed Waldmire, Jr. debuted the Cozy Dog in 1946.
The Cozy Dog is the first corn dog on a stick.
Ed Waldmire, Jr. initially wanted to name the Cozy Dog the "Crusty Cur."
Ed Waldmire, Jr.'s wife convinced him to change the name to "Cozy Dog."
The Cozy Dog Drive In opened alongside old Route 66.
The Cozy Dog Drive In has been serving corn dogs since its inception.
Lombardi's is located in New York City, New York.
Gennaro Lombardi opened the first true pizzeria in America.
Gennaro Lombardi opened a small grocery store in New York City's Little Italy.
Anthony "Totonno" Pero sold pizzas out of the back of Lombardi's grocery store.
Lombardi's was licensed as a pizzeria in 1905.
The original Lombardi's restaurant closed in 1984.
Lombardi's reopened down the street 10 years after closing.
Lombardi's offered its pizza for 5 cents on its 100th anniversary in 2005.
The line for Lombardi's pizza wrapped around the block on its 100th anniversary.
R.U. Hungry is located in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
Rutgers University has hosted mobile food vans known as the "Grease Trucks" since 1979.
The Grease Trucks originally served a sandwich called the Fat Cat.
The Fat Cat contained two cheeseburger patties, French fries, lettuce, tomato, and onions.
In 1997, Darrell W. Butler convinced a vendor to put chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, French fries, and marinara sauce on a sandwich.
The Fat Darrell became a mainstay at the Grease Trucks.
Maxim magazine named the Fat Darrell the top "Meat Hog" sandwich.
Pat's King of Steaks is located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Philadelphia is known for many things, but fine dining is not one of them.
Pat's King of Steaks is where the Philly cheesesteak was born.
In 1932, Pasquale (Pat) and Harry Olivieri made a steak sandwich with onions.
A cab driver who ate at Pat's daily suggested selling the new sandwich.
The modest stand turned into the Pat's King of Steaks that exists today.
Pat's King of Steaks claims to be the first to put cheese in cheesesteak in 1951.
Joe Vento of Geno's Steaks opened in 1966.
Joe Vento insists he added cheese to the cheesesteak.
Pig Stand is located in Dallas, Texas.
Most sources claim the onion ring was invented at a Pig Stand location.
A careless cook at Pig Stand accidentally dropped an onion slice in batter.
The cook pulled the battered onion slice out and tossed it in the fryer.
Pig Stand claims to have opened America's first drive-in.
Pig Stand claims to have invented Texas toast.
Pig Stand claims to be one of the first restaurants to advertise using neon signs.
Derby pie is a chocolate and pecan tart with a pastry-dough crust.
The recipe for derby pie is jealously guarded by the Kern family.
George Kern created derby pie in the mid-1950s.
George Kern received help from his parents, Walter and Leaudra, in creating derby pie.
The Kern family began baking derby pie full-time after its success.
Mrs. Kern copyrighted the name "Derby-Pie®."
Real "Derby-Pie®" can only be obtained through Kern's Kitchen, Inc.
A man from New England offered Leaudra a blank check for the derby pie recipe.
Leaudra refused to sell the derby pie recipe.