The crew members of the North Korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates.
The pirates hijacked the vessel off Somalia.
The U.S. Navy reported the incident on Tuesday.
The USS James E. Williams ordered the pirates to give up their weapons.
Two pirates were dead after the battle aboard the Dai Hong Dan.
Five pirates were captured after the battle aboard the Dai Hong Dan.
Three crew members from the cargo ship were wounded.
The wounded crew members were being treated aboard the guided-missile destroyer USS James E. Williams.
The captured pirates were being held aboard the North Korean vessel.
The pirates had seized the ship's bridge.
The crew kept control of the steering gear and engines.
The Koreans moved against the attackers after the USS James E. Williams ordered the pirates to give up their weapons.
The crew members stormed the bridge.
A deadly battle began when the crew members stormed the bridge.
Navy sailors boarded the Dai Hong Dan to help with the injured.
North Korea and the United States have no diplomatic relations.
The incident took place about 70 miles northeast of the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
This incident is the second incident of piracy reported in recent days.
A second U.S. Navy destroyer was searching waters off Somalia for pirates.
The pirates hijacked a Japanese-owned ship.
Gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the Panamanian-flagged Golden Nori off the Socotra archipelago.
Andrew Mwangura is a spokesman for the Kenyan-based Seafarers' Assistance Program.
The guided-missile destroyer USS Arleigh Burke has been pursuing the pirates.
The USS Arleigh Burke entered Somali waters with the permission of the troubled transitional government in Mogadishu.
Warships have stayed outside the 12-mile limit when chasing pirates in recent years.
Two military officials confirmed the ongoing operation.
The Navy's pursuit of the pirates began on Sunday night.
The Golden Nori radioed for help.
The USS Arleigh Burke's sister ship, the USS Porter, opened fire.
The USS Porter sank the pirate skiffs tied to the Golden Nori's stern.
The USS Arleigh Burke took over shadowing the hijacked vessel.
It was not known that the ship was filled with highly flammable benzene when the shots were fired.
U.S. military officials indicate there is a great deal of concern about the cargo.
Benzene is a known human carcinogen declared by U.S. authorities.
Benzene is used as a solvent.
Benzene is used to make plastics and synthetic fabrics.
Four other ships in the region remain in pirate hands.
U.S. and NATO warships have been patrolling off the Horn of Africa for years.
The effort aims to crack down on piracy off Somalia.
A U.N.-backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near-anarchy in Somalia.
The head of the transitional government resigned on Monday.
The transitional government was backed by Ethiopian troops.
The transitional government battled insurgents from the Islamic movement.
The Islamic movement seized control of Mogadishu in 2006.
Hospital officials reported 30 dead in three days of clashes on the city's south side.
In June, the USS Carter Hall fired warning shots.
The USS Carter Hall attempted to stop a hijacked Danish cargo ship off Somalia.
The American vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered Somali waters.
In May, a U.S. Navy advisory warned merchant ships to stay at least 200 miles off the Somali coast.
The U.S. Maritime Administration said pirates sometimes issue false distress calls.
Pirates issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore.
The pirates are often armed with automatic rifles.
The pirates are often armed with shoulder-fired rockets.
A recent warning from the agency stated the pirates are often armed.
Vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding.
Vessels that slow down are boarded.
Vessels that are boarded are taken to the Somali coastline.
Vessels that are boarded are released after successful ransom payment.
The ransom payment often follows protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks.
The agency issued a new warning to sailors in the Gulf of Aden.
The Gulf of Aden is located between Somalia and Yemen.
The new warning was issued after Sunday's hijacking.