Daniel Radcliffe gains access to a reported £20 million fortune as he turns 18.
Daniel Radcliffe insists the money won't cast a spell on him.
Daniel Radcliffe has no plans to fritter his cash away on fast cars.
Daniel Radcliffe has no plans to fritter his cash away on drink.
Daniel Radcliffe has no plans to fritter his cash away on celebrity parties.
Daniel Radcliffe does not plan to be one of those people who buy a massive sports car collection as soon as they turn 18.
Daniel Radcliffe does not think he will be particularly extravagant.
Daniel Radcliffe likes buying things that cost about 10 pounds.
Daniel Radcliffe likes buying books.
Daniel Radcliffe likes buying CDs.
Daniel Radcliffe likes buying DVDs.
At 18, Daniel Radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino.
At 18, Daniel Radcliffe will be able to buy a drink in a pub.
At 18, Daniel Radcliffe will be able to see the horror film "Hostel: Part II."
Details of how Daniel Radcliffe will mark his landmark birthday are under wraps.
Daniel Radcliffe's agent had no comment on his plans.
Daniel Radcliffe will definitely have some sort of party.
Daniel Radcliffe hopes none of the media will be reading about his party.
Daniel Radcliffe's earnings from the first five Potter films have been held in a trust fund.
Daniel Radcliffe has not been able to touch his earnings from the first five Potter films.
Daniel Radcliffe is keeping his feet firmly on the ground despite his growing fame and riches.
People are always looking to say "kid star goes off the rails."
Daniel Radcliffe tries very hard not to go off the rails.
It would be too easy for Daniel Radcliffe to go off the rails.
Daniel Radcliffe's latest outing as the boy wizard in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" is breaking records on both sides of the Atlantic.
Daniel Radcliffe will reprise his role as the boy wizard in the last two films.
Daniel Radcliffe has filmed a TV movie called "My Boy Jack."
"My Boy Jack" is about author Rudyard Kipling and his son.
"My Boy Jack" is due for release later this year.
Daniel Radcliffe will appear in "December Boys."
"December Boys" is an Australian film about four boys who escape an orphanage.
Earlier this year, Daniel Radcliffe made his stage debut playing a tortured teenager in Peter Shaffer's "Equus."
Daniel Radcliffe is braced for even closer media scrutiny now that he is legally an adult.
Daniel Radcliffe thinks he is going to be more sort of fair game now that he is legally an adult.