Julia Vakulenko will face Lindsay Davenport in her first WTA Tour final at the Bell Challenge on Sunday.
Julia Vakulenko will seek her first victory on the WTA Tour at the Bell Challenge in Quebec.
Julia Vakulenko battled through with a 6-1 4-6 7-5 victory over Julie Ditty in the semifinals.
Julia Vakulenko is 24 years old.
Julia Vakulenko reached the fourth round of the U.S. Open.
Julia Vakulenko previously lost at the last-four stage in Las Vegas.
Julia Vakulenko previously lost at the last-four stage in Berlin.
Julia Vakulenko reached a career high of 33rd in the world rankings back in May.
Julia Vakulenko is now ranked 36th in the world.
Julia Vakulenko said that sometimes she plays her best and wins easy.
Julia Vakulenko said that sometimes she does not play her best and has to fight hard.
Julia Vakulenko said that she is going to try her best.
Julia Vakulenko has never played Lindsay Davenport before.
Julia Vakulenko is looking forward to playing Lindsay Davenport.
Lindsay Davenport is a former world No. 1.
Lindsay Davenport is seeking her second win in three tournaments since returning from a one-year hiatus to have a baby.
Lindsay Davenport is 31 years old.
Lindsay Davenport is unseeded after accepting a wild-card to enter the Canadian tournament for the first time.
Lindsay Davenport battled to beat Vera Zvonareva 6-2 6-7 (3-7) 6-3 in the semifinals.
Lindsay Davenport has surged back up the rankings from 234th to 126th.
Lindsay Davenport won her comeback tournament in Bali.
Lindsay Davenport reached the last four in Beijing.
Lindsay Davenport has beaten Vera Zvonareva in all six encounters between the two players.
Lindsay Davenport played well in the first set against Vera Zvonareva.
Lindsay Davenport had some chances early in the second set against Vera Zvonareva.
Lindsay Davenport did not capitalize on her chances early in the second set against Vera Zvonareva.
Lindsay Davenport was able to come back in the match against Vera Zvonareva.
Lindsay Davenport did not return well enough at 4-4 and 5-5 in the match against Vera Zvonareva.
Lindsay Davenport was happy that she was able to regroup in the third set.
Lindsay Davenport feels good physically.
Lindsay Davenport can take lots of positives from her match against Vera Zvonareva.
Lindsay Davenport is happy about beating a really good player.
Lindsay Davenport is now in the final.
Lindsay Davenport wants to be the one on the offensive and not the defensive.
Lindsay Davenport is going to try to be on the offensive.
Lindsay Davenport was trying to watch the first semifinal.
Lindsay Davenport found it hard to get anything from watching Julie Ditty play.
Lindsay Davenport plays much differently than Julie Ditty.