Banksy is Britain's most wanted artist.
Banksy's art sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Banksy continues to use public spaces as his main canvas.
Banksy keeps his identity a secret.
A passer-by claims to have taken a photo of Banksy.
Banksy has been spray painting his stencils around Britain and further afield for over ten years.
Ten of Banksy's original pieces were sold at Bonham's auction house in London last week.
The sale of Banksy's original pieces at Bonham's auction house was for over $1 million.
Tower Hamlets council authority pledged to remove Banksy's graffiti from its streets.
Banksy began as a graffiti artist in Bristol, England.
Banksy has become the darling of the art world.
Banksy's work depicts things such as riot police with smiley acid-house faces.
Banksy's work depicts camera-wielding rats.
Banksy's work is now sold by major art galleries.
Lazarides Gallery in London is one of the main dealers of Banksy's work.
Lazarides Gallery describes Banksy as "a media star."
Banksy was popular long before any high-profile activity.
People love Banksy's art.
Banksy set out to lampoon the establishment.
The establishment has wholeheartedly embraced Banksy.
Fans of Banksy include Hollywood A-listers.
Brad Pitt is a fan of Banksy.
Angelina Jolie is a fan of Banksy.
Christina Aguilera bought three of Banksy's prints in 2006.
One of the prints bought by Christina Aguilera depicts Queen Victoria sitting on a woman's face.
The recent sales of Banksy's work put him on par with Jean-Michel Basquiat.
Banksy is the best-selling street artist.
Banksy is feted by art dealers and artists.
Damien Hirst is an artist who fetes Banksy.
Banksy regularly mocks the art world.
Banksy has performed ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the Tate gallery in London.
Banksy has hung his own work in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
The British Museum took eight days to discover the "prehistoric" rock painting hung by Banksy.
The rock painting hung by Banksy depicts a man with a shopping trolley.
There is often a political message in Banksy's work.
Banksy left an inflatable doll dressed as a Guantanamo prisoner in Disneyland.
Banksy painted a hole with blue sky on the Palestinian side of the West Bank wall.
Banksy's identity remains a mystery.
Banksy operates on the fringes of the law with his guerilla art.
Banksy's guerilla art adds to his mystique.
Banksy is originally from Bristol.
Banksy is around 30 years old.
Banksy is called Robert or Robin Banks.
It has been reported that Banksy's parents believe he makes his living as a painter and decorator.
Banksy continues to divide opinion regarding whether his work is vandalism or public art.
Brian Sewell called Banksy "a complete clown."
Brian Sewell stated that what Banksy does has absolutely nothing to do with art.
Bristol city council has recognized the popularity and artistic merit of Banksy's work.
Bristol city council has protected a number of Banksy's pieces around the city.
Other local authorities do not feel the same way about Banksy's work.
Tower Hamlets council has pledged to remove Banksy's graffiti from its streets.
Hackney council has pledged to remove Banksy's graffiti from its streets.
Banksy's latest work is painted on a wall in East London.
Banksy's latest work depicts a man in overalls resting next to a giant flower.
The giant flower in Banksy's latest work is drawn as a continuation from the double yellow lines on the road.
Banksy's latest work is thought to be the artist's response to local authorities.
A passer-by took a photo of what is thought to be Banksy at work.
A spokesperson for Banksy refused to confirm if the person in the photo was Banksy.
The spokesperson for Banksy stated that the work in the photo was definitely Banksy's work.