Mohammed Rasoul is twelve years old.
Mohammed Rasoul's right leg is severed below the knee.
Mohammed Rasoul maneuvers on crutches over dirt and loose stones.
Mohammed Rasoul is in the Falluja graveyard.
Mohammed Rasoul eagerly awaits his trip to the United States.
Rows of headstones stand in the Falluja graveyard.
The headstones are a reminder of the tragedy the city went through.
Insurgents battled for control of Falluja.
Mohammed Rasoul stops at his cousin's grave.
Mohammed Rasoul feels an ache when he thinks of his cousin.
Mohammed Rasoul cries every time he remembers his cousin.
Mohammed Rasoul poured water on a tree he planted next to his cousin's grave.
The headstone reads: "Martyr 643, the child Hajer Ismael Khalil, 13 October 2006." Mohammed Rasoul clutches a photograph of his cousin.
Mohammed Rasoul's cousin died on the scene of an explosion.
Mohammed Rasoul remembers his cousin's screams.
The explosion cost Mohammed Rasoul his leg.
The explosion cost Mohammed Rasoul his childhood.
A car came out of nowhere during the explosion.
Mohammed Rasoul's cousin was playing with her friend when the explosion occurred.
Mohammed Rasoul remembers the car was green.
The car detonated.
Jinan Khalifa is Mohammed Rasoul's mother.
Jinan Khalifa remembers the day of the explosion.
Jinan Khalifa was in the kitchen when she heard a deafening explosion.
Jinan Khalifa saw shattered glass from the windows falling.
Jinan Khalifa went outside and saw her son covered in blood.
Mohammed Rasoul endured eleven operations before doctors amputated his leg.
Jinan Khalifa says her son put forward a tough face.
The shock hit Mohammed Rasoul when he went back home.
Mohammed Rasoul's personality started to change after the shock.
Mohammed Rasoul stopped laughing after the explosion.
Mohammed Rasoul found it hard to watch others play.
Mohammed Rasoul could not walk after the explosion.
Mohammed Rasoul felt agitated because he could not walk.
CNN first broadcast Mohammed Rasoul's story in May.
An American charity, the Global Medical Relief Fund, offered to help Mohammed Rasoul.
Jinan Khalifa cannot put her feelings into words.
An entire book would not be enough to express Jinan Khalifa's feelings.
The Global Medical Relief Fund gave Mohammed Rasoul his hope back.
Jinan Khalifa believes the America they knew came, bombed, and harmed.
Jinan Khalifa saw another face of America when the Global Medical Relief Fund came forward.
The Global Medical Relief Fund is a small charity based in New York.
The Global Medical Relief Fund helps children of war and natural disasters.
The Global Medical Relief Fund arranged for surgery and treatment for Mohammed Rasoul.
The surgery and treatment will take place at the Shriners Children Hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Elissa Montanti is the founder and director of the Global Medical Relief Fund.
Elissa Montanti was inspired to act when she first heard of Mohammed Rasoul's tragic story.
Elissa Montanti said, "Oh, please, let me help this boy." Mohammed Rasoul will arrive in the United States on Thursday afternoon.
Mohammed Rasoul will be fitted for a prosthetic leg in the coming weeks.
Mohammed Rasoul will be examined to see if he needs additional surgery.
Elissa Montanti said her organization has a list of other young Iraqi children in need of help.
Elissa Montanti believes the word needs to get out.
Elissa Montanti feels joy when she helps Mohammed Rasoul.
Mohammed Rasoul is ecstatic.
Mohammed Rasoul did not think an act of human kindness would be presented to him.
Mohammed Rasoul did not have hope in Iraq.
Mohammed Rasoul did not have hope that he would ever get his hope back.
Mohammed Rasoul did not have a future.
Mohammed Rasoul wants to go to America.
Mohammed Rasoul wants to meet the person that gave him his future back.
Mohammed Rasoul wants to help rebuild Falluja when he comes back home.
Mohammed Rasoul wants to start rebuilding his school.
Mohammed Rasoul's school was bombed during the 2004 Falluja offensive.
Mohammed Rasoul will never leave school.
Mohammed Rasoul wants to continue his education.
Mohammed Rasoul wants to become an architect.
Mohammed Rasoul wants to build all the schools.
Mohammed Rasoul wants to walk to water the tree he planted next to his cousin's grave.