Republicans reacted with surprise and recrimination to criticism of the Iraq war from retired Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez.
Lawmakers lashed back at retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez after he criticized the war effort.
Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez called the Iraq war "a nightmare with no end in sight." The Bush administration shares blame for the Iraq war.
The State Department shares blame for the Iraq war.
Congress shares blame for the Iraq war.
Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez stated that dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial.
Politicians have not been held accountable for their actions regarding the Iraq war.
South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham expressed being astounded by Sanchez's comments.
Sen. Lindsey Graham recently returned from Baghdad.
Sen. Lindsey Graham and GOP presidential candidate Sen. John McCain visited retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez several times in 2003 and 2004.
Sen. Lindsey Graham stated that every time he talked to Gen. Sanchez, he received pushback regarding troop levels.
Sen. Lindsey Graham claimed that there were enough troops and that Guard and reserves were not being strained.
Sen. Lindsey Graham stated that retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's record in Iraq is blemished.
Abu Ghraib got out of control under retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's watch.
The war in general got out of control under retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's watch.
Sen. Lindsey Graham stated that the commitment of nearly 30,000 additional U.S. troops since January is leading to improvement.
Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez told reporters that American political leaders have cost American lives on the battlefield.
Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez accused American political leaders of having a "lust for power." Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez stated that it was his duty to obey orders while on active duty.
Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez has an obligation to speak out now that he has retired.
Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez claimed that politicians espouse rhetoric designed to preserve their reputations and political power.
Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez stated that soldiers die because of politicians' rhetoric.
Sen. John McCain wished that retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez had given his knowledge at the time of the war.
Sen. John McCain stated that retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez should have spoken out at the time or resigned.
Sen. John McCain claimed that it does not happen very often for individuals to speak out.
Sen. John McCain stated that few speak out due to the consequences faced by those who do.
Sen. John McCain referenced former Army Chief of Staff Gen. Eric Shinseki as an example of someone who was sidelined.
Former Army Chief of Staff Gen. Eric Shinseki was sidelined after telling Congress that hundreds of thousands of troops would be needed to occupy Iraq.
Sen. Mitch McConnell stated that retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez is simply wrong.
Sen. Mitch McConnell defined winning as a stable country and an ally in the war on terror.
Sen. Mitch McConnell believes that significant progress is being made toward a stable Iraq.
Sen. Mitch McConnell stated that the central government in Iraq has been an embarrassment.
The central government in Iraq has not been able to produce political compromises that were hoped for.
Sen. Lindsey Graham hopes that the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki will do something meaningful by the end of the year.
If the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki does not act, it will be incumbent upon the United States to devise a new political strategy.
The United States must find a way forward or create a stable Iraq if the Iraqi government does not act.
Zbigniew Brzezinski stated that the situation in Iraq resembles a colony.
Zbigniew Brzezinski claimed that the U.S. encounters difficulties in Iraq.
Zbigniew Brzezinski stated that even Iraqis who were happy to see Saddam Hussein toppled are not happy with the continuing U.S. presence.
Zbigniew Brzezinski claimed that no one in the world really supports U.S. policy in Iraq.
Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez stated that the "surge" of U.S. troops into Iraq represents a desperate attempt by the administration.
Retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez claimed that the administration has not accepted the political and economic realities of the Iraq war.
National Security Council spokeswoman Kate Starr did not address retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's comment.
National Security Council spokeswoman Kate Starr stated that the administration appreciates retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's service to the country.
Gen. David Petraeus is the U.S. top commander in Iraq.
Ryan Crocker is the U.S. ambassador to Iraq.
Gen. David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker stated that there is more work to be done in Iraq.
Gen. David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker claimed that progress is being made in Iraq.