The Air Force is returning F-15E Strike Eagle jets to service over Iraq and Afghanistan.
The Air Force grounded models of its F-15 fleet after the crash of an older model F-15C this month.
The F-15s were grounded after a crash earlier this month in Missouri of an older model that disintegrated in flight.
Each F-15E must pass an inspection of critical parts on the airframe before returning to flying missions.
All U.S. Air Force 224 E-model aircraft will undergo a one-time inspection of hydraulic system lines.
The longerons will also be inspected.
The longerons are molded, metal strips of the aircraft fuselage that run from front to rear.
The straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay will also be examined.
The Air Force would not say whether the parts being inspected were part of the problem on the aircraft that crashed.
The investigation into why the F-15C fell apart in flight is still ongoing.
Air Force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete.
The rest of the almost 500 F-15s will remain grounded until the investigation offers a solution to what happened.
The E-model aircraft is the youngest and most sophisticated in the F-15 inventory.
The E-model aircraft is heavily used by Central Command for ground support in the U.S.-led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
The E-model aircraft is also used for the homeland security mission over the United States known as Operation Noble Eagle.
On November 3, the Air Force grounded all of its F-15s in response to a November 1 crash of a Missouri Air National Guard F-15C in Boss, Missouri.
The grounding forced Central Command to use other Air Force, Navy, and French fighters to fill the gaps.
Strike Eagles did fly to support troops in battle in Afghanistan as an emergency measure while they were still under grounding orders.
The plane that crashed was built in 1980.
The plane that crashed was one of the older F-15s in the fleet.
The F-15E Strike Eagle is an air-to-ground and air-to-air fighter.
The F-15E Strike Eagle is more versatile than other F-15 models.
Other F-15 models are used for only air-to-air missions.
The Strike Eagle is used in Afghanistan and Iraq in its air-to-ground role.
The Strike Eagle uses its advanced sensors to drop bombs on targets.