U.S. first lady Laura Bush called on Myanmar's military junta to step aside.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush called on Myanmar's military junta to give up the terror campaigns against its people.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush called for a democratic Myanmar.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the junta should step aside to make way for a unified Burma.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies are a friendless regime.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the junta should step aside to make way for a unified Burma governed by legitimate leaders.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the rest of the armed forces should not fear the transition.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that there is room for a professional military in a democratic Burma.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush called on Myanmar's military leaders to release Aun Sung Suu Kyi.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush called on Myanmar's military leaders to release other opposition leaders.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders should meet with and plan for a transition to democracy.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush warned that the world watches and waits.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies have the advantage of violent force.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have moral legitimacy.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have the support of the Burmese people.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have the support of the world.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the regime's position grows weaker by the day.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the generals' choice is clear.
U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the time for a free Burma is now.
The humanitarian rights situation in Myanmar has been a cause for U.S. first lady Laura Bush in the past few months.
The humanitarian rights situation in Myanmar has worsened.
Myanmar state media reported that 2,000 people were detained during the demonstrations.
Myanmar state media reported that 2,000 people were detained during the crackdown against them.
Myanmar state media reported that an emergency law was imposed on September 25 banning assembly of more than five people.
Myanmar state media reported that 700 of those detained people have been released.
The official death toll from Myanmar's leadership is at 10.
There are reports that hundreds were killed in the wake of the demonstrations.
There are reports that thousands were arrested in the wake of the demonstrations.
The demonstrations peaked in late September.
The demonstrations were led by Myanmar's Buddhist monks.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called U.S. first lady Laura Bush on Tuesday morning.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called U.S. first lady Laura Bush to update her on the efforts of his special envoy to Myanmar, Ibrahim Gambari.
A representative of the secretary general stated that the call was a follow-up to a conversation they had weeks ago.
Ibrahim Gambari met last week with the military junta leadership.
Ibrahim Gambari met last week with Nobel Peace Prize winner Aun Sung Suu Kyi.
Aun Sung Suu Kyi is under house arrest in Yangon.
The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Zalmay Khalilzad, told reporters that Laura Bush and her husband's administration believe that there is a need to start preparing for transition for Myanmar.
Zalmay Khalilzad stated that it is very important that progress be made.
Zalmay Khalilzad stated that prisoners should be released.
Zalmay Khalilzad stated that conditions for Aun Sung Suu Kyi should be improved.
Zalmay Khalilzad stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi should prepare for participation in negotiations for a transition.