Ruben Navarrette Jr. states that the immigration debate is driven by culture.
Some opponents of immigration fear changes in local culture.
Immigration restrictionists want to limit all immigration, including legal immigration.
Immigration restrictionists pretend to be high-minded.
Immigration restrictionists take the low road and harken back to nativism.
Immigration restrictionists insist that their concerns are practical.
Immigration restrictionists claim that the borders are not secure.
Immigration restrictionists claim that many immigrants are entering the country illegally.
Immigration restrictionists claim that new arrivals burden schools and drain social services.
The conversation about immigration often turns to the impact of immigrants on American culture.
The impact of immigrants on American culture includes taco trucks and Spanish-language billboards.
Towns in North Dakota are resisting cultural changes despite tough economic times.
Towns in North Dakota are facing tough economic times.
The article in USA Today discusses towns in North Dakota.
Some residents in Cooperstown oppose bringing in a hog plant and a dairy.
Some residents in Cooperstown believe that a hog plant and a dairy would attract Hispanic immigrants.
Orville Tranby is a local community leader in Cooperstown.
Orville Tranby reports that some residents have expressed concerns about Hispanic immigrants changing local culture.
An employee at a local library in Lewisburg, Tennessee proposed a bilingual story time.
Townspeople in Lewisburg opposed the bilingual story time.
Townspeople in Lewisburg demanded that all library books be in English-only.
The stories about immigration concerns illustrate deeper issues.
Some people are concerned that the country is becoming more Hispanic.
Some people believe that Spanish is replacing English.
Some people believe that Hispanic immigrants are weakening American identity.
Some people believe that Main Street is turning into Little Mexico.
A leader of the Minuteman movement referred to immigration as "colonization" of the United States.
The rhetoric surrounding immigration is driven by fear.
Some people fear losing their primacy in the dominant culture.
Some people believe that the mainstream culture is being polluted by foreigners.
Some people fear that their children will have to work harder to keep up in the future.
Benjamin Franklin expressed concerns about German immigrants in the late 18th century.
Benjamin Franklin believed that German immigrants could never adopt English culture.
Benjamin Franklin warned that German immigrants would establish their language and manners to the exclusion of English.
Concerns about Chinese immigrants being "unassimilable" led to the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882.
Massachusetts Senator Henry Cabot Lodge warned that Irish immigrants were diluting the quality of U.S. citizenship.
Some people complained that Italian immigrants were uneducated and low-skilled.
Some people believed that Italian immigrants sent all their money to their home country.
Some people believed that Italian immigrants were prone to criminal activity.
Hispanics may be the latest group in a culture war with nativists.
Hispanics will not be the last group in a culture war with nativists.
Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune.
Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist.
The opinions expressed in the commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr.