Six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire on Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach, North Carolina, attended the University of South Carolina.
A university official stated that this is a very sad day for the University of South Carolina family.
The seventh fatality is believed to be a Clemson University student.
The six survivors were treated and released from Brunswick Community Hospital.
The six survivors are also University of South Carolina students.
The bodies of the deceased students were being sent to Chapel Hill, North Carolina, for identification.
Dennis A. Pruitt said it is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not.
Several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend.
Tim Burns was aghast when he first saw the inferno early Sunday morning.
Tim Burns tried to approach the door but the flames were too intense.
Tim Burns told the Associated Press that he could hear the windows above him explode.
Tim Burns felt helpless when he knew the flames had taken over.
The University of South Carolina students were affiliated with the Delta Delta Delta sorority.
The University of South Carolina students were affiliated with the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
Dennis A. Pruitt stressed that the weekend was not an official Greek function.
Certain sororities and certain fraternities hang around together on many university campuses.
One person described as "unaccounted for" was later confirmed dead.
Ocean Isle Beach Mayor Debbie Smith told CNN that they suffered a terrible tragedy at Ocean Isle this morning.
Nothing like this has ever happened at Ocean Isle Beach.
Debbie Smith hopes nothing like this will ever happen again.
Debbie Smith said officials had not yet contacted all the victims' families.
Debbie Smith said they were not yet releasing the names of the victims.
One of the 13 people in the house was related to the house's owner.
The house was fully engulfed in flames around 7 a.m. when the fire department arrived on the scene.
The fire department arrived about five minutes after being notified.
The house had working smoke detectors.
Officials are investigating the cause of the fire.
Nick Cain told the Associated Press that he ran down the street to get away.
Nick Cain was staying at a house about 100 feet away.
Some of Nick Cain's friends had met several people staying at the house that burned down.
The ash and the smoke were coming down on Nick Cain and his friends.
Nick Cain and his friends were just trying to get away.
Ocean Isle Beach is a popular resort destination along the southern coast of North Carolina.
The year-round population of Ocean Isle Beach is about 425.
The summer season population of Ocean Isle Beach is about 25,000.