A court has ordered pop singer Britney Spears to give up custody of her children effective Wednesday at noon.
Kevin Federline and Britney Spears have two children.
Kevin Federline is to retain custody of Sean Preston and Jayden until further order of the court.
A ruling was made by Superior Court Judge Scott Gordon.
It was not clear what led to the decision awarding Kevin Federline full custody.
A transcript of the court proceedings was ordered sealed.
A judge ordered Britney Spears to submit to random drug tests last month.
The judge found Britney Spears engaged in habitual, frequent, and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol.
The order provided no details and did not name any drugs.
Britney Spears and Kevin Federline have been embroiled in a bitter custody fight over their sons.
The parents had split custody 50-50.
Kevin Federline asked for the custody arrangements to be shifted to 70-30 in his favor.
Gordon ordered Britney Spears to spend eight hours per week working with a parenting coach.
The parenting coach was to observe Britney Spears' interactions with her children.
Gordon told both parents to avoid alcohol or other non-prescription controlled substances 12 hours before taking custody of the children.
Gordon barred Britney Spears and Kevin Federline from making derogatory remarks about each other and each other's family or significant other during the case.
Gordon ordered Britney Spears and Kevin Federline to go through joint co-parenting counseling.
Gordon barred Britney Spears and Kevin Federline from using corporal punishment on Sean Preston and Jayden.
Britney Spears and Kevin Federline were married for two years before their divorce became final in July.
Monday's order comes amid a career freefall for Britney Spears.
Britney Spears' new album is due to be released on November 13.
Critics derided Britney Spears' singing and dancing as lackluster after her September 9 performance on the MTV Video Music Awards.
Critics said Britney Spears appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume.
Laura Wasser resigned as Britney Spears' legal representative last month.
Laura Wasser told reporters Britney Spears just wants to be a mom.
Britney Spears' management company, the Firm, recently quit after representing her for little over a month.