The drought in the Southeastern United States affects the residents of Orme, Tennessee.
Water flows from the taps in Orme, Tennessee, for just three hours each evening.
A 1961 firetruck loads up with water from a hydrant in Alabama.
The 1961 firetruck hauls water back to Orme, Tennessee.
The mountain spring that supplies water to Orme usually dries up at the end of summer.
The mountain spring that supplies water to Orme dries up for just a few days at the end of summer.
The mountain spring that supplies water to Orme dried up early on August 1 this year.
The mountain spring that supplies water to Orme has not revived since August 1 this year.
The town of Orme has 145 residents.
The residents of Orme rely on water trucked in from Alabama.
Orme Mayor Tony Reames turns a big valve at 6 p.m. to release water from the town's tank.
Orme Mayor Tony Reames turns a crank at 9 p.m. to stop the water flow from the town's tank.
Taps in the town of Orme run dry at 9 p.m.
Orme resident Debbie Cash said that when the water is turned back on, the residents jump for joy.
Orme residents only have water for three hours each evening.
Residents of Orme have three hours to do all the laundry, bathing, dishwashing, and animal watering that has to be done.
The old mining town of Orme could be a warning sign for the rest of the region.
The 4.5 million people who live in and around Atlanta, Georgia, are watching water levels go down at their major reservoir.
The drought has highlighted a struggle between Georgia, Alabama, and Florida over rights to water from the Chattahoochee River.
Orme Mayor Tony Reames said that people on the river systems should take note of drying streams and tributaries.
Volunteers take turns three days a week driving a tanker truck to a hydrant near Bridgeport, Alabama.
The hydrant near Bridgeport, Alabama, is 2½ miles down the road from Orme.
Volunteers make several round trips to haul about 25,000 gallons of water back to Orme each day.
Bridgeport gets its water from the Tennessee River.
Bridgeport does not charge Orme for water.
Stevenson and New Hope, Alabama, occasionally bring trucks full of water to the hydrant.
A pipeline from Bridgeport is nearly complete.
The pipeline from Bridgeport was built with the help of a $378,000 grant from the federal government.
Orme resident Debbie Cash said that with the new water coming in, the residents will have it made.
Orme residents will not have to worry about water once the new pipeline is complete.
An Austin, Texas, company called H2O Guard is planning to donate water-saving sink aerators to everyone in Orme.
H2O Guard is planning to donate water-saving shower heads to everyone in Orme.
H2O Guard is planning to donate toilet valves to everyone in Orme.
H2O Guard's company spokesman Robert Easter said that they think they will achieve another 90 gallons' savings per day per household.
The water tower in Orme will go from three hours to four hours without any change in anyone's habits.
Orme residents have found creative ways to conserve water.
Orme residents flush toilets with condensation water from air conditioners.
Orme residents flush toilets with undrinkable water from swimming pools.
Orme residents filled swimming pools early in the summer.
Orme resident Debbie Cash said that people should cherish the water they have.
Orme resident Debbie Cash said that people should be careful with water.
Orme resident Debbie Cash said that people never know if they will be out of water.