One of the bigger difficulties any first-time car buyer faces is purchasing a car that doesn't scream "first-time" to friends, relatives, and co-workers.
A first-time car buyer experiences discomfort each time they step into an ill-chosen purchase.
A "shark" that races down roads is an example of a car that may appeal to a first-time buyer.
There are some sculpted and stylish cars available for about $20,000.
These cars will hold their looks for a long time.
These cars will give a little bit of joy to a first-time owner.
The Hyundai Tiburon means "shark" in Spanish.
The Hyundai Tiburon is a sporty coupe.
The Hyundai Tiburon can stalk the unwary first-time buyer.
The Hyundai Tiburon can snare a first-time buyer quickly.
The Hyundai Tiburon is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster.
The Hyundai Tiburon won't bust a first-time buyer's wallet.
The Hyundai Tiburon may chew a hole in the seat of a first-time buyer's pants.
The Hyundai Tiburon has tight-hugging bucket seats.
The Hyundai Tiburon boasts a startling design.
The Hyundai Tiburon has a touch of Italian styling.
The Mazda MazdaSpeed3 is a bona-fide pocket rocket.
Any first-time buyer can put a fair distance between themselves and the pack in the Mazda MazdaSpeed3.
The Mazda MazdaSpeed3 is part of the Asian carmaker's strategy to wrestle performance compact coupe sales from European carmakers.
The Mazda MazdaSpeed3 isn't overbearingly dripped in trim or wings.
The Mazda MazdaSpeed3 has the capability to make peers jealous.
The Mazda MazdaSpeed3 will storm from standing to a mile a minute in under six seconds.
The Mazda MazdaSpeed3 is said to hit 155 mph.
The Mazda MazdaSpeed3 has torque negation in the low gears.
The Mazda MazdaSpeed3 has 263 horsepower under the hood.
The Mazda MazdaSpeed3 has a seven-speaker Bose stereo.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe is much like the Chevy Cobalt SS.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe boasts highly sprung motoring.
The price of the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe appeals to a first-time buyer's wallet.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has been tweaked slightly from the Chevy Cobalt SS.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has a less horizontal grille.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has a more sculpted valance.
Both the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe and the Chevy Cobalt SS are reasonably stylish from the back and side.
Both the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe and the Chevy Cobalt SS leave plenty of room for aftermarket add-ons.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has an inline-four 2.4-liter 173-hp engine.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has 25 horsepower over the base model.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe drives the front wheels.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe can hit 0-60 mph in 7.5 seconds.
The Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has good gas mileage.
The customer satisfaction ratings for the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe are high.
The Ford Mustang V6 has a revamped chassis.
The revamped chassis is the key to why the Ford Mustang has become an outstanding product.
The price of the Ford Mustang V6 is hard to beat.
The Ford Mustang V6 had a tweak to its iconic lines last year.
The Ford Mustang V6 has a smaller back window.
The Ford Mustang V6 has a longer, craggier front end.
Some people might call a person a heretic for picking a V6 over the eight-cylinder included in the GT package.
The Ford Mustang V6 performs admirably.
The Ford Mustang V6 pushes out 210 horsepower.
The Ford Mustang V6 emits a low-down growl.
The Honda Civic Coupe has a surprisingly roomy front cabin.
The Honda Civic Coupe has enjoyable handling and maneuverability.
The Honda Civic Coupe has first-class economy.
The Honda Civic Coupe has a sporty elongated hood and swooping back end.
The Honda Civic Coupe includes a 350-watt premium sound system.
The Honda Civic Coupe includes a touch-screen satellite-navigation system.
The touch-screen satellite-navigation system has a screen that flips to reveal the CD player.
The Honda Civic Coupe has a slot for a computer memory card.
The Honda Civic Coupe has a funky dash that spectrally lights at night.
The Toyota Scion xB is a remodeled boxy wonder.
The Toyota Scion xB was released in 2004.
The second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB boasts wide rear pillars.
The second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB has wraparound headlights.
The second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB has a bumper that defines its design.
The second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB comes with gadgetry inside.
The second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB leaves plenty of room for aftermarket customization.
The Toyota Scion xB turns heads.
The Toyota Scion xB allows five adults to pack in relative comfort.
The Toyota Scion xB includes a central console that fits in a DVD player.
The Toyota Scion xB includes a backlit GPS sat-nav system.
The backlit GPS sat-nav system lights up in any one of 10 colors.
A co-worker bought a Honda Fit after crashing her old Saturn.
The Honda Fit was not the co-worker's first car.
The Honda Fit will be a first car for many buyers.
The Honda Fit is energetic.
The Honda Fit is filled with flair.
The Honda Fit boasts a vertical fold the length of its bonnet.
The Honda Fit looks the part.
The Honda Fit is colossally roomy inside.
The Honda Fit does not have a third row of seats.
The Honda Fit can become a camper with the back row folded flat.
The Honda Fit includes an mp3 input jack.
The Honda Fit includes reclining rear-seat headrests.
The gas mileage of the Honda Fit is very good.