The women in Baghdad are too afraid and ashamed to show their faces or have their real names used.
The women in Baghdad have been driven to sell their bodies to put food on the table for their children.
The women in Baghdad sell their bodies for as little as $8 a day.
Suha is 37 years old.
Suha is a mother of three children.
Suha's husband thinks Suha is cleaning houses when Suha leaves home.
Suha believes people shouldn't criticize women or talk badly about them.
Suha adjusts the light colored scarf she wears to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves.
People say women in Baghdad have lost their way.
People never ask why women in Baghdad had to take this path.
Suha wears light makeup.
Suha wears a gold pendant of Iraq around her neck.
Suha has an unexpected air of elegance about her.
Suha does not have money to take her child to the doctor.
Suha has to do anything that she can to preserve her child.
Suha explains that she prostitutes herself to preserve her child.
Anger and frustration rise in Suha's voice as she speaks.
Suha states that no matter what else she may be, she is a mother.
Suha's hands clench and unclench nervously.
Suha's husband thinks that Suha is cleaning houses when Suha goes away.
Karima's family thinks that Karima is cleaning homes.
Karima was cleaning homes at the start.
Karima was not making much money while cleaning homes.
No matter how hard Karima worked, it just wasn't enough.
Karima's husband died of lung cancer nine months ago.
Karima's husband left her with nothing.
Karima has five children.
Karima's children are ages 8 to 17.
Karima's eldest son could work.
Karima is too afraid for her eldest son's life to let him go into the streets.
Karima prefers to sacrifice herself than risk her child.
Karima was solicited for the first time when she was cleaning an office.
People took advantage of Karima.
Karima initially rejected prostitution.
Karima realized she has to engage in prostitution.
Both Suha and Karima have clients that call them a couple of times a week.
Other women resort to trips to the market to find potential clients.
Other women flag down vehicles to find potential clients.
Prostitution is a choice that more and more Iraqi women are making to survive.
Suha states that the number of women engaging in prostitution is increasing.
Suha found prostitution through her friend.
Suha has another friend in the same predicament as hers.
Suha's friend is forced to engage in prostitution because of the circumstances.
Violence, increased cost of living, and lack of government aid leave women like Suha and Karima with few options.
Yanar Mohammed is the head and founder of the Organization for Women's Freedom in Iraq.
Yanar Mohammed states that there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies to keep their children alive.
Yanar Mohammed states that the issue of women selling their bodies is a taboo that no one is speaking about.
Yanar Mohammed states that there is a huge population of women who were victims of war.
Victims of war have had to sell their bodies and souls.
Victims of war have lost it all.
Yanar Mohammed's team works on the issue of women selling their bodies.
Yanar Mohammed's team started their team of women activists to address the issue.
Yanar Mohammed's team pounds the streets of Baghdad looking for victims.
Many victims are too humiliated to come forward.
Most of the women that Basma Rahim finds at hospitals have tried to commit suicide.
Most of the women that Basma Rahim finds at hospitals have been involved in prostitution.
Basma Rahim's team aims to compile information on specific cases.
Basma Rahim's team aims to present information to Iraq's political parties.
Basma Rahim wants Iraq's political parties to tell them what they are going to do about the issue.
Rahim tells the story of one woman who lives in a room with three of her children.
The woman has sex while her three children are in the room.
The woman makes her three children stand in separate corners while she has sex.
Rahim and Mohammed state that most of the women they encounter are driven to prostitution by a desperate desire for survival.
The circumstances in Iraq are dangerously violent and unforgiving.
The women who engage in prostitution took this path but are not pleased.
Karima is able to convince herself that it is worth it when she sees her children with food on the table.
Karima states that everything is for the children.
Karima states that her children are the beauty in life.
Karima states that without her children, she cannot live.
Karima would never allow her daughter to engage in prostitution.
Karima would rather marry her daughter off at 13 than have her go through prostitution.
Karima's last happy memory is of her late husband.
Karima's last happy memory is of when they were a family.
Karima's last happy memory is of when they were able to shoulder the hardships of life together.
Suha dreamed of being a doctor as a young girl.
Suha's mother boasted about Suha's potential in a medical career.
Life has taken Suha further from her dream of being a doctor.
Suha states that it is not like women were born into prostitution.
Suha states that prostitution was never in her blood.
What Suha does for her family to survive now eats away at her.
Suha lays on her pillow and her brain is spinning.
Suha's thoughts come back to her past as if she is watching a movie.