An 18-year-old shooter shot eight people inside his high school in southern Finland.
The shooter turned the gun on himself.
The shooter has died.
Police confirmed the dead numbered two girls.
Police confirmed the dead numbered five boys.
Police confirmed the dead numbered the school's headmistress at Jokela High in Tuusula.
Ten other people were taken to a hospital with minor injuries.
The shooter was identified as Pekka Eric Auvinen.
Pekka Eric Auvinen died at Toolo Hospital.
Police said Pekka Eric Auvinen took his own life.
The shooting was the first school shooting in Finland since 1989.
A 14-year-old student shot and killed two others in the coastal town of Rauma in 1989.
Police said Pekka Eric Auvinen acted alone.
Pekka Eric Auvinen had no previous criminal record.
Pekka Eric Auvinen had never threatened anyone from the school before.
Pekka Eric Auvinen published a manifesto online.
Pekka Eric Auvinen demanded war on the "weak-minded masses."
Pekka Eric Auvinen pledged to die for his cause.
YouTube removed 89 videos linked to Pekka Eric Auvinen's account.
Many of the removed videos featured Nazi imagery.
Someone posted a message two weeks ago on the website.
The message warned of a bloodbath at the school.
A video was posted earlier on Wednesday by "Sturmgeist89."
The video was titled "Jokela High School Massacre - 11/7/2007."
"Sturmgeist89" identified himself as Pekka Eric Auvinen.
"Sturmgeist89" chose the name "Sturmgeist" because it means "storm spirit" in German.
The video showed a picture of Jokela High School.
The picture disintegrated to reveal two images of Pekka Eric Auvinen against a red background.
Pekka Eric Auvinen was pointing a gun at the screen.
The clip was accompanied by the song "Stray Bullet" from the rock band KMFDM.
Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold were the students behind the 1999 Columbine High School massacre.
Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold cited KMFDM's lyrics.
Another short video clip was called "Just Testing My Gun."
The video showed Pekka Eric Auvinen loading and cocking a handgun.
Pekka Eric Auvinen fired and hit several pieces of fruit in a wooded area.
The camera showed a close-up of the destroyed fruit.
The camera then showed a full-screen shot of Pekka Eric Auvinen again.
Pekka Eric Auvinen waved at the camera.
Pekka Eric Auvinen then walked out of view.
The site indicated that Pekka Eric Auvinen appeared to be fascinated with killing.
The site included video footage of the Columbine school shootings.
The site included clips of the 1993 Waco siege in the United States.
The site included clips of the 1995 sarin gas attack in Tokyo.
The site included clips of bombs falling on Baghdad during the 2003 invasion.
Many clips showed victims being wheeled away.
Many clips showed people running for their lives.
The single word "DIE" constantly flashed across the screen.
Other video clips included Nazi-war-criminal footage.
In the rambling text posted on the site, Pekka Eric Auvinen said that he is "a cynical existentialist, anti-human humanist, anti-social social-Darwinist, realistic idealist and god-like atheist."
Pekka Eric Auvinen wrote, "I am prepared to fight and die for my cause."
Pekka Eric Auvinen wrote, "I, as a natural selector, will eliminate all who I see unfit, disgraces of human race and failures of natural selection."
The police said they had been fired at when they arrived at the school at 11:45 p.m. local time.
The police arrived at the school at 11:45 p.m. local time.
The police described the scene as chaotic.
Some of the 460 students were breaking windows in an attempt to escape.
The students ranged in age from 12 to 18.
When the police's special SWAT unit entered the high school, they found the gunman unconscious.
The gunman was in critical condition in the lower lobby of the building.
The gunman had a gunshot wound to his head.
Police assume the gunman tried to take his own life.
No officers fired at the gunman.
Several bodies were found in the same location.
The shooting is believed to have begun in the same location.
Police could not confirm comments by some students that Pekka Eric Auvinen was firing through doors.
Police said the gun Pekka Eric Auvinen used was fully licensed.
The gun had been purchased less than a month ago on October 19.
The legal age limit to own a gun in Finland is 18.
Pekka Eric Auvinen passed the legal age limit in June of this year.
Pekka Eric Auvinen had a recommendation from a shooting club when he obtained the gun.
Pekka Eric Auvinen practiced sharp-shooting as a hobby at a shooting range.
Finland has a high proportion of gun ownership.
Two million firearms are owned in Finland.
Finland has a population of only five million.
Kim Kiuru is one of the school's teachers.
Kim Kiuru made comments on radio station YLE.
Kim Kiuru described how the headmistress used the public address system around noon.
The headmistress told pupils to stay in classrooms.
Kim Kiuru locked his classroom door.
Kim Kiuru waited in the corridor for more news.
Kim Kiuru saw the gunman running with what appeared to be a small-caliber handgun in his hand.
The gunman was running through the doors towards Kim Kiuru.
Kim Kiuru escaped to the corridor downstairs.
Kim Kiuru ran in the opposite direction.
Kim Kiuru saw a woman's body as he fled the school.
Kim Kiuru told his pupils to leave the building through the windows.