Two Pakistani television networks, GEO-TV and ARY Digital, were ordered off the air on Friday. The order was made at the request of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf. Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has been under pressure to lift a state of emergency. GEO-TV and ARY Digital offer a variety of programming, including news, entertainment, sports, and music. GEO-TV and ARY Digital had been banned from Pakistan's cable television system since November 3. Other networks, including CNN and BBC, were also banned from Pakistan's cable television system. The latest action prevents GEO-TV and ARY Digital from broadcasting worldwide via satellite. GEO-TV President Imran Aslan stated that the action was their "window to the world." GEO-TV President Imran Aslan said that GEO-TV and ARY Digital have been shut down in Pakistan since November 3. The action was surprising to GEO-TV President Imran Aslan. GEO-TV President Imran Aslan said that they uplink from Dubai. GEO-TV President Imran Aslan stated that they never had a license to uplink from Pakistan. Dubai is described as a media city. Dubai is described as a haven and a sanctuary for media. Network officials have been in discussions with Pakistani government officials. It seemed obvious to GEO-TV President Imran Aslan that the government was going to take action against the networks. GEO-TV President Imran Aslan said that they were ready for the government's action to a certain extent. The government has made numerous demands of GEO-TV and ARY Digital. None of the demands from the government have been official. The demands from the government have been communicated through intermediaries. The demands include dulling down the content of programming. The demands include not having certain anchors on programs and talk shows. Musharraf's emergency order put several restrictions on the media. Journalists are prevented from expressing opinions prejudicial to the ideology or integrity of Pakistan. Journalists are restricted from covering suicide bombings and militant activity. Journalists could face three-year jail terms if they ridicule members of the government or armed forces. Almost a dozen journalists have been arrested. Musharraf has denied that his restrictions bar criticism. Musharraf stated that the restrictions only ask for responsibility in reporting. Pakistan expelled three print journalists last week. The three print journalists were expelled for using language in an editorial that was offensive to Musharraf. The editorial criticized Musharraf and the United States and Britain for continuing to support him. Many Pakistani journalists have protested the restrictions. Some smaller television channels have complied with the government's restrictions. GEO-TV and ARY Digital have refused to comply with the government's restrictions. GEO-TV President Imran Aslan stated that most other channels have kowtowed to the government in order to survive. Musharraf has stated that the emergency order improves stability. Musharraf has stated that the emergency order will foster peaceful parliamentary elections. Musharraf has expressed a desire for parliamentary elections to take place before January 9. The exact date for the elections will be set by Pakistan's Election Commission. Opposition leaders have accused Musharraf of declaring emergency rule to maintain his hold on power. Opposition leaders have accused Musharraf of declaring emergency rule to avoid an expected court ruling. The expected court ruling would have nullified Musharraf's election victory in October.