Former detainees of Immigration and Customs Enforcement accuse the agency in a lawsuit of forcibly injecting them with psychotropic drugs during their deportation.
Raymond Soeoth says he was injected with drugs by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents against his will.
One of the drugs in question is the potent anti-psychotic drug Haldol.
Haldol is often used to treat schizophrenia or other mental illnesses.
Doctors are required to see patients in person before such drugs are administered.
Raymond Soeoth of Indonesia told CNN he was injected with the drugs against his will.
Amadou Diouf of Senegal in West Africa told CNN he was injected with the drugs against his will.
Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf are plaintiffs in a class-action lawsuit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union against the government.
Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf are seeking an end to the alleged practice.
Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf are seeking unspecified damages.
Dr. Paul Appelbaum reviewed both Raymond Soeoth's and Amadou Diouf's medical records.
Dr. Paul Appelbaum was stunned by what he discovered in the medical records.
Dr. Paul Appelbaum is a professor of psychiatry, law, and ethics at Columbia University.
Dr. Paul Appelbaum serves as a member of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law.
Dr. Paul Appelbaum stated that the government has been using physicians and using potent medications inappropriately.
Dr. Paul Appelbaum stated that the actions of the government would be subject to a malpractice claim in the civilian world.
Senator Joe Lieberman raised allegations of ICE forcibly drugging deportees during the re-nomination hearing of ICE chief Julie Myers.
Senator Joe Lieberman's spokeswoman Leslie Phillips stated that the information received from ICE regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling.
Senator Joe Lieberman's spokeswoman stated that it appears ICE may have violated its own detention standards.
Senator Joe Lieberman intends to follow up with ICE to ensure that detainees are not drugged unless there is a medical reason to do so.
ACLU attorney Ahilan Arulanantham stated that it would be torture to give a powerful anti-psychotic drug to someone who isn't mentally ill.
Ahilan Arulanantham stated that the drugging is happening on U.S. soil to an immigrant the government is trying to deport.
Julie Myers stated that 1,073 immigration detainees had "medical escorts" for deportation since 2003.
Julie Myers stated that 56 immigration detainees received psychotropic medications during the removal process from October last year to the end of April this year.
Julie Myers stated that 33 detainees received medication because of combative behavior with the imminent risk of danger to others and/or self.
Julie Myers expressed awareness and deep concern about reports that past practices may not have conformed to ICE detention standards.
Julie Myers stated that no detainee should be involuntarily medicated without a court order, except in emergency situations.
Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf state that they had not exhibited any combative behavior.
Raymond Soeoth is a Christian minister from Indonesia.
Raymond Soeoth spent 27 months in detention awaiting deportation after his bid for political asylum was rejected.
Hours before Raymond Soeoth was to be sent back home on December 7, 2004, guards injected him with a mystery drug.
Raymond Soeoth states that the mystery drug made him groggy for two days.
Raymond Soeoth states that he was taken to Los Angeles International Airport while in a drug-induced stupor.
Two hours before takeoff, airline security refused to transport Raymond Soeoth.
ICE agents returned Raymond Soeoth to his cell at Terminal Island near Los Angeles.
Terminal Island is a crowded facility along the ocean where hundreds of illegal immigrants await deportation.
Raymond Soeoth's medical records indicate he was injected with Cogentin and Haldol.
Raymond Soeoth's medical records show he has no history of mental illness.
The government states that Raymond Soeoth was injected with the drug after he said he would kill himself if deported.
Raymond Soeoth denies ever making the remark about killing himself if deported.
ICE stated in a written statement that it couldn't respond to specific allegations due to pending litigation.
The ICE statement said that Department of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel may not and do not prescribe or administer medication to detainees.
Only trained and qualified medical professionals, including officers of the U.S. Public Health Service, may prescribe or administer medication.
Amadou Diouf states that he was injected on the plane right before he was to be deported.
Amadou Diouf states that he had a federal stay of his deportation and the paperwork to prove it.
Amadou Diouf states that his U.S. government escorts wouldn't let him show the paperwork to the pilot of the plane.
Amadou Diouf states that he was wrestled to the ground and injected through his clothes.
A government report states that Amadou Diouf was medicated because he did not follow orders.
Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf remain in the United States pending a decision in their case.
If Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf lose their case, they may land back in the hands of ICE.
If Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf lose their case, they may once again face deportation.
Raymond Soeoth states that he is traumatized by what happened.
Raymond Soeoth states that what was done to him was very, very bad.
Raymond Soeoth states that he knows this country is very generous to immigrants.