President George W. Bush criticized the Democratic-controlled Congress on Tuesday.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress has "the worst record in 20 years."
President George W. Bush claimed that Congress is not getting its work done.
President George W. Bush was flanked by members of the Republican House leadership.
The House of Representatives has wasted valuable time on a constant stream of investigations.
The Senate has wasted valuable time on an endless series of failed votes to pull troops out of Iraq.
President George W. Bush criticized Congress for not being able to send a single appropriations bill to him.
Congress has not seen a bill that it could not solve without including a tax hike.
Jim Manley is a senior aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid.
Jim Manley stated that taking advice from President George W. Bush about fiscal responsibility is not a good idea.
Jim Manley compared taking advice from President George W. Bush to taking hunting lessons from Dick Cheney.
Representative Rahm Emanuel, a Democrat from Illinois, issued a statement.
Representative Rahm Emanuel stated that President George W. Bush's rally reminds us that congressional Republicans are ready and willing to rubber-stamp the Bush agenda.
Congressional Republicans have said no to children's health care.
Congressional Republicans have said no to a new direction in Iraq.
Congressional Republicans have said no to investing in America's future.
The White House and congressional Republicans want to continue the status quo.
President George W. Bush stated that the Senate is wasting valuable time by taking up the children's health insurance bill.
President George W. Bush had previously vetoed the children's health insurance bill.
House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer, a Democrat from Maryland, issued a statement.
Steny Hoyer called President George W. Bush "the biggest obstacle" to extending health coverage to 10 million low-income, working-class American children.
Steny Hoyer stated that GOP House leaders need to stop posing for pictures.
Steny Hoyer stated that GOP House leaders need to sit down with Democrats and Republicans in Congress who are working together to extend coverage to children.
The State Children's Health Insurance Program measure passed in the House last week.
The State Children's Health Insurance Program measure would expand the program by nearly $35 billion over five years.
The measure that passed in the House is the same as the measure President George W. Bush vetoed on October 3.
President George W. Bush proposed adding $5 billion to the State Children's Health Insurance Program.
President George W. Bush stated that the version he vetoed would have encouraged families to leave the private insurance market.
Democratic leaders stated that the new version addresses Republican objections.
The new version tightens restrictions on illegal immigrants receiving State Children's Health Insurance Program benefits.
The new version caps the income levels of families that qualify for the State Children's Health Insurance Program.
The new version prevents adults from receiving benefits.
The State Children's Health Insurance Program currently covers about 6 million children.
The 6 million children covered by the State Children's Health Insurance Program have parents who earn too much to qualify for Medicaid.
The 6 million children covered by the State Children's Health Insurance Program have parents who cannot afford private insurance.
Democrats want to extend the State Children's Health Insurance Program to another 4 million children.
Democrats want to pay for the extension with a 61-cent-per-pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress knows the current version of the children's health bill does not have a chance to get enough votes to override another veto.
Steny Hoyer accused President George W. Bush of breaking a promise he made in 2004.
Steny Hoyer stated that Congress must do what President George W. Bush said he would do.
The Senate could vote on the bill as early as Tuesday.
President George W. Bush threatened to veto a "three-bill pileup."
There are reports that congressional leaders may be considering combining the Veterans and Department of Defense appropriations bills.
Congressional leaders may add a bloated labor, health, and education spending bill to the combined appropriations bills.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress should pass each bill one at a time.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress should pass each bill in a fiscally responsible manner.
President George W. Bush urged Congress to send him a clean defense appropriations bill.
President George W. Bush urged Congress to send him a war supplemental bill.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress ought to get him a bill that funds bullets and body armor.
President George W. Bush criticized Congress for trying to hold hostage funding for troops.
President George W. Bush stated that it would be irresponsible to not give troops the resources they need.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress was unable to get its job done.
Steny Hoyer's release stated that President George W. Bush's comments on appropriations bills and fiscal responsibility ring hollow.
Steny Hoyer stated that the current administration has pursued the most fiscally irresponsible policies in American history.
The current administration has turned record surpluses into record deficits.
The current administration has added more than $3 trillion to the national debt.
Democrats believe that they are the party of fiscal responsibility today.
Democrats believe that the government must pay for the things it purchases.
Democrats believe that the government should not force children to pay the bills.
The fight over 2008 appropriations bills is not a fight over spending.
The fight over 2008 appropriations bills is a fight over priorities.