Lipstick is making a major comeback.
Lipstick outsold gloss by $76 million last year.
Beauty companies are racing to launch new formulas that are more wearable than ever.
Sheer, subdued shades are recommended for morning application.
Deep, bold colors require more time and precision for night application.
A balm that contains sunscreen is recommended for conditioning and protecting lips.
Softlips Raspberry with Green Tea SPF 20 is an example of a recommended balm.
Dabbing balm on immediately after getting out of the shower is suggested for better application.
Smoother lips result in a more perfect lipstick application.
A soft shade such as rose or nude can be applied straight from the tube.
A hydrating formula ensures a smooth coat of color.
Neutrogena Moistureshine Soothing Lipsheers in Fresh Rose is an example of a recommended hydrating formula.
Blotting, reapplying, and blotting again removes excess oils and creates a stain.
Using lint-free blotting papers is recommended instead of tissues.
Sally Hansen Gentle Peel for Rough Lips uses fruit enzymes to remove dry patches.
Exfoliating before applying a bold hue like red or burgundy is recommended.
A gel-based primer helps lipstick go on more smoothly.
Olay Regenerist lip treatment is an example of a recommended gel-based primer.
Defining the borders of the mouth with a pencil prevents color from bleeding.
Using a shade that's lighter than lipstick is recommended to avoid an unnaturally dark outline.
Revlon Colorstay lip liner in Plum is an example of a recommended lip liner.
Brushing on color provides more control during application.
Shu Uemura Kolinsky Portable Extra lipbrush is an example of a recommended lipbrush.
Isadora Perfect Moisture lipstick in Bordeaux Red is an example of a recommended lipstick.
Carmindy's neutral picks for day enhance natural lip color.
Carmindy recommends dark berry or true red for night for all skin tones.
Heidi Klum is one of Carmindy's clients.
Jamie-Lynn Sigler is one of Carmindy's clients.
Benefit Silky Finish in Candy Store is a recommended daytime shade.
Givenchy Rouge Interdit in Secret Pink is a recommended daytime shade.
Nars in Scarlet Empress is a recommended nighttime color.
Revlon Super Lustrous in Love That Red is a recommended nighttime color.
AJ Crimson likes a subtle pink or sheer beige for all skin tones during the day.
AJ Crimson recommends bright red for fair complexions at night.
AJ Crimson recommends deep purple for darker complexions at night.
Missy Elliot is one of AJ Crimson's clients.
Amerie is one of AJ Crimson's clients.
Chanel Rouge Hydrabase in Pink Sugar is a recommended daytime shade.
Laura Mercier in Candy Pink is a recommended daytime shade.
Maybelline Moisture Extreme in Royal Red is a recommended nighttime color.
MAC in Cyber is a recommended nighttime color.
Melissa Silver uses fuchsia on cool skin tones during the day.
Melissa Silver uses peachy nude on warm skin tones during the day.
Melissa Silver says anyone can wear plum or sheer red at night.
Renée Zellweger is one of Melissa Silver's clients.
Cindy Crawford is one of Melissa Silver's clients.
Clinique Colour Surge Butter Shine in Fresh Watermelon is a recommended daytime shade.
Lancôme Le Rouge Absolu in Nectariche is a recommended daytime shade.
MAC in Spice It Up! is a recommended nighttime color.
Sonia Kashuk in Sheer Cherry Blossom is a recommended nighttime color.
InStyle offers a free trial issue.
Copyright © 2007 Time Inc. All rights reserved.