Roberto Donadoni has left Cristiano Lucarelli in his squad for next Saturday's crucial Euro 2008 qualifier in Scotland.
Cristiano Lucarelli keeps his place in the Italian squad after scoring twice against South Africa.
Cristiano Lucarelli is in fine form.
Cristiano Lucarelli has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month's friendly against South Africa.
Cristiano Lucarelli scored twice in the world champions' victory against South Africa.
Roberto Donadoni has left out veteran forward Filippo Inzaghi.
Roberto Donadoni has left out veteran forward Alessandro Del Piero.
Roberto Donadoni has handed Juventus striker Raffaele Palladino his first call-up to the senior squad.
Fabio Cannavaro has returned from suspension.
Fabio Cannavaro is the captain of the Italian national team.
Italy is third in Group B.
Italy is two points behind leaders France.
Italy is one point below Scotland.
Italy will end their qualifying campaign by taking on bottom side the Faroe Islands in Modena on November 21.
Marco Amelia plays as a goalkeeper for Italy and is from Livorno.
Gianluigi Buffon plays as a goalkeeper for Italy and is from Juventus.
Gianluca Curci plays as a goalkeeper for Italy and is from Roma.
Andrea Barzagli plays as a defender for Italy and is from Palermo.
Daniele Bonera plays as a defender for Italy and is from AC Milan.
Fabio Cannavaro plays as a defender for Italy and is from Real Madrid.
Giorgio Chiellini plays as a defender for Italy and is from Juventus.
Fabio Grosso plays as a defender for Italy and is from Lyon.
Massimo Oddo plays as a defender for Italy and is from AC Milan.
Christian Panucci plays as a defender for Italy and is from Roma.
Gianluca Zambrotta plays as a defender for Italy and is from Barcelona.
Massimo Ambrosini plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from AC Milan.
Mauro Camoranesi plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from Juventus.
Daniele De Rossi plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from Roma.
Gennaro Gattuso plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from AC Milan.
Simone Perrotta plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from Roma.
Andrea Pirlo plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from AC Milan.
Antonio Di Natale plays as a striker for Italy and is from Udinese.
Alberto Gilardino plays as a striker for Italy and is from AC Milan.
Vincenzo Iaquinta plays as a striker for Italy and is from Juventus.
Cristiano Lucarelli plays as a striker for Italy and is from Shakhtar Donetsk.
Raffaele Palladino plays as a striker for Italy and is from Juventus.
Fabio Quagliarella plays as a striker for Italy and is from Udinese.
Luca Toni plays as a striker for Italy and is from Bayern Munich.