Capital punishment dropped this year to a 13-year low.
Forty-two people have been put to death this year.
The figure of executions this year is down 57 percent from what it was in 1999.
Ninety-eight inmates were executed in 1999.
Next year's figures are expected to drop further.
The Supreme Court will hold oral arguments on January 7 about the constitutionality of lethal injection protocols.
The Supreme Court will hold oral arguments on January 7 about whether lethal injection protocols in 36 of the 37 states with the death penalty are constitutional.
The justices placed a moratorium on executions in late September.
The moratorium was placed when the justices decided to review a Kentucky case.
The Kentucky case is about whether the three-drug lethal "cocktail" of chemicals represents "cruel and unusual punishment."
The three-drug lethal "cocktail" may cause excruciating pain to inmates unable to express discomfort.
Stays of executions have been issued in several states.
Stays of executions are issued until the larger constitutional issues are addressed.
If the Supreme Court finds the procedures unconstitutional, it could take years before death-penalty states would meet legal standards necessary to resume lethal injection.
Even if the method is declared acceptable, it would be months before new execution dates could be set.
Ten states carried out executions this year.
Arizona, South Dakota, Indiana, and Ohio together subjected six men to lethal injection.
Texas continues to lead the nation with 62 percent of executions nationwide this year.
Eighty-six percent of executions this year were in the South.
No more executions are scheduled this year.
Richard Dieter is the executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center (DPIC).
Richard Dieter stated that the death penalty has been in a period of decline for many years.
Richard Dieter stated that 2007 will be known as the year executions came to a temporary halt.
Richard Dieter stated that 2007 will be known as the year of concrete legislation reconsidering the death penalty.
Death penalty supporters acknowledge that states outside the South have been reluctant to impose the punishment.
Death penalty supporters acknowledge that states have been reluctant to impose the punishment even in the face of rising big-city crime rates.
Kent Scheidegger is associated with the Sacramento-based Criminal Justice Legal Foundation.
Kent Scheidegger believes that the main problem is that the death penalty is not being imposed often enough in urban jurisdictions.
Kent Scheidegger believes that people in cities are not getting the quality of justice that people elsewhere receive.
Kent Scheidegger believes that support for the death penalty needs to be built.
Kent Scheidegger believes that the death penalty needs to be imposed more regularly where it is warranted.
New Jersey's legislature voted last week to outlaw the death penalty.
New Jersey is the first state to outlaw the death penalty in 42 years.
Governor Jon Corzine signed the measure into law on Monday.
Governor Jon Corzine commuted the sentences of the eight men on New Jersey's death row.
The move to commute the sentences was largely symbolic.
No executions have occurred in New Jersey since 1963.
Similar bills in Nebraska, New Mexico, and Montana failed this year in the legislature.
State lawmakers in Maryland, Colorado, North Carolina, Tennessee, and California are considering abolishing the death penalty.
No bills have been introduced to abolish the death penalty in Maryland, Colorado, North Carolina, Tennessee, and California.
The Supreme Court will decide on January 4 whether to review an appeal from Louisiana inmate Patrick Kennedy.
Patrick Kennedy was sentenced to death in 2003 for raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter.
The state's high court upheld the punishment as appropriate.
The justices banned capital punishment for rape in 1976.
Nineteen years later, Louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12.
State lawmakers distinguished the earlier high court case as pertaining only to "adult women."