Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa is charged with boosting growth in the Kingdom of Bahrain.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa is concerned that the nuclear dispute with Iran is deterring potential investors.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa is the chief executive of the Economic Development Board.
One of Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa's main tasks is to ensure Bahrain stays ahead of its competitors.
The government of Bahrain is pushing ahead with economic reforms to reduce the Kingdom's dependence on oil.
Crude prices are near $100 a barrel.
John Defterios asked whether the appetite for change had diminished.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that the reforms are being done for aspirational reasons rather than necessity.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that Bahrain is trying to enter the post-oil area because Bahrain wants to.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that the aspirational aspect is trying to get to a goal rather than being pushed somewhere unwanted.
John Defterios asked how to redefine Bahrain's role in financial services.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that the rising tide lifts many places.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that financial services are growing throughout the region.
Bahrain's strengths have been and will continue to be its human capital.
Bahrain's strengths have been and will continue to be the people that have led the financial sector.
Bahrain's strengths have been and will continue to be the long-standing regulations that have been established in Bahrain.
John Defterios asked about the Crown Prince's declaration regarding Iran's nuclear policy.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that the distraction caused by the Iranian nuclear issue is holding investment back in the region as a whole.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that the Iranian nuclear issue is increasing the security threat of the region.
Nobody is debating the right to peaceful nuclear power.
All parties have the need for a peaceful resolution to the Iranian nuclear issue.
John Defterios asked about moving forward with historical claims against Bahrain by Iran.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that Bahrain has resolved its historical issue with Iran.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that Bahrain is well beyond its historical issue with Iran.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that the Iranian nuclear issue is important and affects security worldwide.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that all powers need to be involved in addressing the Iranian nuclear issue.
John Defterios asked if the Gulf Cooperation Council can become tighter as an organization.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that the Gulf Cooperation Council is speaking with a unified voice.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia proposed providing nuclear fuel from an independent authority.
The proposal from the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia was completely backed by the Gulf Cooperation Council.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that all parties are moving forward.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa stated that all parties are willing to play a beneficial role to resolve the Iranian nuclear issue.
The Economic Development Board is responsible for stimulating and supporting growth of the Bahraini economy.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa was appointed chief executive in June 2005.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa worked directly for His Highness Sheikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa for 10 years.
His Highness Sheikh Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa is the Crown Prince, Commander-in-Chief of the Bahrain Defense Force, and Chairman of the Economic Development Board.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa was director of the Crown Prince's office from 1995 to 1999.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa was appointed head of the court in 1999.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa was also deputy head of the Crown Prince's International Scholarship Program.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa was heavily involved with the Crown Prince's initiatives to liberalize the telecommunications sector.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa was heavily involved with labor market and economic reforms.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa is a keen motor sports enthusiast.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa was deputy board chairman of the Bahrain International Circuit.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa is a former vice president of the Bahrain Motor Club.
The Bahrain Motor Club is now known as the Bahrain Motor Federation.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa is married.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa has two sons.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa has one daughter.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa was born on April 14, 1969.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa received a bachelor's degree in economic theory from the American University in Washington, DC in 1992.
Sheikh Mohammed bin Isa Al Khalifa received a post-graduate diploma in business studies from the London School of Economics two years after receiving his bachelor's degree.