Four people were killed after an explosion at a chemical plant in Jacksonville, Florida.
Several people were injured after an explosion at a chemical plant in Jacksonville, Florida.
A thick plume of smoke rose from a chemical plant in Jacksonville, Florida.
Tom Francis is a Fire Department spokesman.
Tom Francis described the explosion as a "hellish inferno."
Fourteen people were hospitalized after the blast at the T2 Lab on Faye Road.
The T2 Lab is located in an industrial area on the waterfront in north Jacksonville.
Officials initially ordered an evacuation of nearby businesses.
The evacuation order was lifted by 4 p.m.
Tests of the air found no toxicity.
Firefighters were still battling hot spots after the explosion.
The firefighting effort will be going on for quite some time.
Six of the injured people were transported to Shands Hospital in Jacksonville.
Kelly Brockmeier is a hospital spokeswoman for Shands Hospital.
The hospital incident command system had been activated at Shands Hospital.
The activation of the hospital incident command system is done to put the staff in high alert in anticipation of trauma patients.
A woman answered the T2 Lab's 24-hour facility emergency phone.
The T2 Lab manufactures ecotane.
Ecotane is a gasoline additive that reduces tailpipe emissions.
The billowing black smoke could be seen from downtown Jacksonville.
Bridget Murphy is a reporter for the Florida Times-Union.
Bridget Murphy talked to several workers as they walked out of the area.
The workers were shaken to the core.
The workers described a hissing noise and then a sound wave.
Antonio Padrigan was trying to get in touch with his son.
Antonio Padrigan's son works in a plant in the area.
Antonio Padrigan was having no luck reaching his son on his cell phone.
Antonio Padrigan's son was shook up when he called Antonio Padrigan.
Antonio Padrigan could not get through to his son anymore.
Antonio Padrigan did not know if his son was in the hospital.
Jonathan Payne and his son Calvin shot pictures of the explosion.
Jonathan Payne and Calvin felt the blast shake their home.
Jonathan Payne and Calvin live about 15 minutes away from the explosion site.
Carlton Higginbotham was working at home on Townsend Boulevard in Jacksonville.
A loud boom shook Carlton Higginbotham's house.
Carlton Higginbotham described the explosion as a gunshot-type explosion.
Carlton Higginbotham said the explosion was not a rumble.
Carlton Higginbotham and his neighbor ran outside after the explosion.
Carlton Higginbotham and his neighbor noticed thick smoke billowing from the other side of the St. Johns River.
The St. Johns River separates Carlton Higginbotham's neighborhood from the site of the blast.
The cloud that came out of the explosion was white.
Some people would say the cloud was mushroom-shaped.
The white cloud was followed by dark smoke.