David Nalbandian defeated Roger Federer with a score of 1-6, 6-3, 6-3 in the final of the Madrid Masters.
David Nalbandian celebrated after defeating Roger Federer in the Madrid Masters final.
David Nalbandian is ranked 25th in the world.
David Nalbandian previously upset Roger Federer in the 2005 season-ending Masters Cup.
Roger Federer is the defending champion of the Madrid Masters.
Roger Federer played in his first tournament since winning the U.S. Open six weeks prior to the Madrid Masters final.
Roger Federer made 38 unforced errors during the match.
David Nalbandian became only the third player to beat the world's top-three players en route to winning a title.
Novak Djokovic was the second player to beat the world's top-three players in 2023.
Boris Becker was the first player to beat the world's top-three players 13 years ago.
David Nalbandian ousted Rafael Nadal, who is ranked second, in the quarterfinals of the Madrid Masters.
David Nalbandian defeated Novak Djokovic in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters.
David Nalbandian is 25 years old.
David Nalbandian lost in the Madrid final in 2004.
David Nalbandian claimed his first victory on the ATP Tour since May 2006.
David Nalbandian's victory in May 2006 was on clay in Portugal.
David Nalbandian spent a year without a coach.
David Nalbandian has revived his career since teaming up with Hernan Gumy.
David Nalbandian expressed that he is extremely contented to beat the world number one.
David Nalbandian stated that he and Roger Federer have a long history.
David Nalbandian believes that his history with Roger Federer influenced the match.
David Nalbandian described the first set as extremely hard.
David Nalbandian tightened his teeth and began to play more strongly during the match.
David Nalbandian stated that things came out fine and he played incredibly.
Roger Federer stated that David Nalbandian served well.
Roger Federer was surprised by how well David Nalbandian served.
Roger Federer acknowledged that David Nalbandian came back strong and played well in the end.
Roger Federer stated that David Nalbandian was a better player overall.
Roger Federer struggled to play aggressively after the first set for some reason.
Roger Federer noted that David Nalbandian played tough and did not miss any more shots.
Roger Federer expressed that he could not play the way he wanted to during the match.
Roger Federer described it as a pity that he could not play the way he wanted.
Roger Federer stated that David Nalbandian played a great tournament.