Firefighters in Southern California are facing wind-whipped walls of flame from 15 wildfires.
The wildfires have scorched more than 400,000 acres.
The wildfires have forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes.
The wildfires have killed one person.
The wildfires have injured at least 70 more people.
Firefighters were aided by resources from Mexico.
Firefighters were aided by resources from the state government.
Firefighters were aided by resources from the federal government.
Firefighters were aided by inmates from California's prisons.
San Diego Fire Department Battalion Chief Bruce Cartelli described scenes of "utter devastation."
Hundreds of homes have been lost due to the wildfires.
"Many hundreds" of homes have been damaged due to the wildfires.
Bruce Cartelli has 36 years of experience as a firefighter.
Bruce Cartelli believes that the wildfires will not end until they reach the ocean or the winds turn around.
Meteorologists suggested that Santa Ana winds could die down Wednesday afternoon.
Santa Ana winds have fueled the wildfires with some gusts approaching 100 mph.
Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff stated that the weather has made it very difficult for air assets to fight the fires.
Michael Chertoff believes that if the weather cooperates, the tide may turn tomorrow.
Nearly 350,000 homes have been evacuated in San Diego County.
As many as 950,000 people could be affected by the fires, based on U.S. Census Bureau numbers from the 2000 census.
At least half a million residents in San Diego County had been ordered to find refuge in shelters, schools, and stadiums.
More than 4,000 military personnel from several bases in the area are among the evacuees.
The fires spread quickly due to the winds pushing them across the area.
Johnny Villanueva fled with his wife and daughter to Qualcomm Stadium.
Qualcomm Stadium is serving as a shelter for more than 12,000 evacuees.
Elizabeth Villanueva saw a mountain on fire and expressed concern for her family.
Animals are allowed in Qualcomm Stadium.
Animals are allowed in a nearby field.
Animals are allowed at Del Mar Fairgrounds and Racetrack.
President George W. Bush is scheduled to visit the area on Thursday.
Michael Chertoff arrived in San Diego Tuesday afternoon for a "first-hand look" at the devastation.
Michael Chertoff wanted to see the shelter situation in San Diego.
Michael Chertoff wanted to see what the fires look like up close.
Michael Chertoff stated that the federal response to the wildfires is "phenomenally better" than the response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
Michael Chertoff believes that the federal response is better because of preparation, planning, and training over the last 2 ½ years.
Thirty-four firefighters have been injured.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger expressed that he was "heartbroken" after touring the Lake Arrowhead area.
The Grass Valley and Slide fires have burned 5,000 acres.
The Grass Valley and Slide fires have destroyed more than 200 homes.
Arnold Schwarzenegger described the situation in California as a tragedy.
The combination of dry terrain, searing heat, and hammering winds created "the perfect storm for fire."
About 7,000 firefighters are battling the blazes.
2,300 inmates from California's Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation are among the firefighters battling the blazes.
San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders stated that the mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, sent four fire engines and their crews to help.
The governor of Baja California offered help.
Michael Chertoff stated that cots, blankets, water, and other supplies have been moved where they are needed.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency delivered 25,000 cots to Qualcomm Stadium early Tuesday.
At least 150 National Guard members are assigned to provide security at Qualcomm Stadium.
The Witch fire in northern San Diego County has grown to 200,000 acres.
The Witch fire is the priority due to its significant threat to structures.
The Harris fire had burned more than 70,000 acres by mid-morning.
The Ranch, Buckweed, and Magic fires have charred more than 93,000 acres in northern Los Angeles County.
Fire officials fear that the Ranch, Buckweed, and Magic fires could merge.
The Ranch fire is 54,500 acres in size.
The Ranch fire is only two miles away from the 1,200-acre Magic fire.
The blazes are straddling the L.A.-Ventura County line.
Captain Barry Parker stated that they truly do not have enough resources to fight the fires.
Captain Barry Parker stated that they are using a limited amount of resources to fight the fires.
Captain Barry Parker stated that they have about 600 people on the Ranch fire.
Captain Barry Parker stated that they normally would have about 1,500 people on the Ranch fire.
Captain Barry Parker stated that they have to be absolutely surgical in how they plan and use fire equipment.
California does not have enough fire engines to battle the blazes.
A utility spokesman stated that a 500,000-volt transmission line was damaged when the Harris fire expanded.
The damaged transmission line will be out of service until at least Wednesday.
Other transmission lines have been destroyed.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger stated that Mexico's Federal Electrical Commission is providing power to the area's grid.
California received extensive offers of manpower and equipment from the military.
A total of 550 Marines are ready for deployment from Camp Pendleton.
67 Defense Department employees are already engaged in firefighting efforts.
12 firefighting teams from the Defense Department are already engaged.
Eleven Defense Department helicopters equipped with water buckets are available.
More than 17,000 National Guardsmen are available.
Six C-130 aircraft are able to drop water and flame retardant on the flames.
Aerial attacks on the fires have been limited by the fierce Santa Ana winds.
The Red Cross has set up 11 shelters in the area.
The Red Cross housed 3,000 people Monday night.
More people were expected to be housed by the Red Cross on Tuesday.
A firefighter at Rancho Bernardo in San Diego County expressed distress.
The firefighter stated that every firefighter feels like the homes are their own.
The firefighter stated that it is devastating to see so much destruction all at once.