Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still grappling with shame.
Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still grappling with guilt.
Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still grappling with remorse.
Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still grappling with his own healing.
Lee Boyd Malvo expressed doubt that his healing will ever be possible.
A social worker who has worked extensively with Lee Boyd Malvo said he draws self-portraits.
Many of Lee Boyd Malvo's drawings show him with a tear running down his cheek.
Lee Boyd Malvo, 22, spends 23 hours a day inside his cell at Virginia's toughest prison.
Virginia's toughest prison is a maximum-security compound called Red Onion.
Red Onion is not far from the Kentucky border.
Lee Boyd Malvo is serving a life sentence.
Carmeta Albarus-Lindo is a social worker who has worked extensively with Lee Boyd Malvo.
Carmeta Albarus-Lindo said Lee Boyd Malvo is a changed person since he and John Allen Muhammad terrorized the Washington area.
Lee Boyd Malvo and John Allen Muhammad terrorized the Washington area five years ago.
The attacks by Lee Boyd Malvo and John Allen Muhammad left 10 dead over a 23-day period.
Carmeta Albarus-Lindo said that her greatest fear is that another parental figure would abandon Lee Boyd Malvo.
Carmeta Albarus-Lindo has spent hundreds of hours with Lee Boyd Malvo since his arrest.
One of the parental figures in Lee Boyd Malvo's life was John Allen Muhammad.
John Allen Muhammad met Lee Boyd Malvo in the Caribbean nearly two years before the deadly shooting spree began.
John Allen Muhammad became Lee Boyd Malvo's surrogate father.
John Allen Muhammad convinced Lee Boyd Malvo that violence was the only way to correct perceived injustices to African-Americans.
John Allen Muhammad ordered Lee Boyd Malvo to go to bed each night.
John Allen Muhammad ordered Lee Boyd Malvo to memorize passages from "The Art of War."
Carmeta Albarus-Lindo said that Lee Boyd Malvo was brainwashed into aiding John Allen Muhammad in the murders.
Prosecutors have said that Lee Boyd Malvo, even at 17, knew what he was doing.
Paul Ebert is the commonwealth attorney for Prince William County, Virginia.
Paul Ebert said that he thought Lee Boyd Malvo was coldblooded.
Paul Ebert said that Lee Boyd Malvo was a person who had chosen a life of crime.
Some investigators said they were horrified when a Virginia jury spared Lee Boyd Malvo's life.
April Carroll of the Bureau of Alcohol, Firearms and Tobacco said that the day the jury spared Lee Boyd Malvo's life was the hardest day of her career.
April Carroll felt that day that they had failed when Lee Boyd Malvo was not sentenced to death.
Some of the victims' families said they are content that Lee Boyd Malvo did not receive the death penalty.
Vicki Buchanan Snyder is the sister of James "Sonny" Buchanan.
James "Sonny" Buchanan was shot in the back while mowing a patch of lawn at a Maryland auto dealership.
Vicki Buchanan Snyder said she was satisfied with the jury's verdict regarding Lee Boyd Malvo.
Carmeta Albarus-Lindo said that Lee Boyd Malvo will never forgive himself for what has happened.
When Carmeta Albarus-Lindo first began seeing Lee Boyd Malvo, he still called John Allen Muhammad "Dad."
It took months for Lee Boyd Malvo to stop calling John Allen Muhammad "Dad."
During the interim, Lee Boyd Malvo took college correspondence courses.
During the interim, Lee Boyd Malvo began to draw.
John Allen Muhammad is at a Virginia prison called Sussex One.
John Allen Muhammad said in a DVD made last year that he is still fighting on death row.
John Allen Muhammad wants to correct some inaccurate statements made by the news media about his relationship with Lee Boyd Malvo.
John Allen Muhammad was not specific about what he meant regarding the inaccurate statements.
Mildred Muhammad is John Allen Muhammad's ex-wife.
Mildred Muhammad said she believed that she was the real target of the snipers from the beginning.
Mildred Muhammad and her children live in suburban Washington.
Mildred Muhammad runs a website called Afterthetrauma.org.
Afterthetrauma.org is devoted to the victims of domestic abuse.
Mildred Muhammad said she feels that John Allen Muhammad wanted to kill her as revenge.
Mildred Muhammad said she gained custody of their three children.
Mildred Muhammad is convinced that John Allen Muhammad brainwashed Lee Boyd Malvo.
Mildred Muhammad said that Lee Boyd Malvo was a victim before he even knew it.
Mildred Muhammad said that Lee Boyd Malvo's life was over when he said, "Hi."