Soledad O'Brien takes users inside a jail where many of the inmates are mentally ill.
An inmate is housed on the "forgotten floor" in Miami before trial.
The ninth floor of the Miami-Dade pretrial detention facility is dubbed the "forgotten floor."
Inmates with the most severe mental illnesses are incarcerated on the ninth floor until they are ready to appear in court.
Most often, inmates on the ninth floor face drug charges or charges of assaulting an officer.
Judge Steven Leifman says the charges faced by inmates on the ninth floor are usually "avoidable felonies."
Judge Steven Leifman says the arrests of mentally ill people often result from confrontations with police.
Mentally ill people often do not do what police tell them when police arrive on the scene.
Confrontation seems to exacerbate the illness of mentally ill people.
Mentally ill people become more paranoid, delusional, and less likely to follow directions during confrontations.
Mentally ill inmates end up on the ninth floor severely mentally disturbed.
Mentally ill inmates do not get any real help because they are in jail.
Leifman is well known in Miami as an advocate for justice and the mentally ill.
The guards do not exactly welcome Soledad O'Brien and her team with open arms.
Soledad O'Brien and her team are given permission to shoot videotape and tour the ninth floor.
The prisoners on the ninth floor are wearing sleeveless robes.
The robes are designed to keep mentally ill patients from injuring themselves.
The prisoners on the ninth floor have no shoes, laces, or mattresses.
Judge Steven Leifman says about one-third of all people in Miami-Dade county jails are mentally ill.
The sheer volume of mentally ill inmates is overwhelming the system.
The result of the overwhelming system is what is seen on the ninth floor.
The jail is not supposed to be warm and comforting.
The lights glare in the jail.
The cells in the jail are tiny.
The jail is loud.
Two men, sometimes three men, are seen lying or sitting in their cells.
One man shouts, "I am the son of the president. You need to get me out of here!"
The man is absolutely serious.
The man is convinced that help is on the way if only he could reach the White House.
Judge Steven Leifman tells Soledad O'Brien that these prisoner-patients will often circulate through the system.
Prisoner-patients occasionally stabilize in a mental hospital.
Prisoner-patients return to jail to face their charges.
Judge Steven Leifman believes the situation is brutally unjust.
Judge Steven Leifman has become a strong advocate for changing things in Miami.
Judge Steven Leifman says 200 years ago people were considered "lunatics."
People who were considered "lunatics" were locked up in jails even if they had no charges against them.
People who were considered "lunatics" were considered unfit to be in society.
There was some public outcry over the years regarding the treatment of mentally ill people.
The mentally ill were moved out of jails and into hospitals.
Judge Steven Leifman says many of these mental hospitals were so horrible that they were shut down.
The patients who were in shut down mental hospitals went nowhere.
Many patients became homeless.
Many homeless patients never got treatment.
Judge Steven Leifman says in 1955 there were more than half a million people in state mental hospitals.
The number of people in state mental hospitals has been reduced 90 percent since 1955.
Today, 40,000 to 50,000 people are in mental hospitals.
Judge Steven Leifman is working to change the situation for mentally ill inmates.
Starting in 2008, many inmates who would otherwise have been brought to the "forgotten floor" will instead be sent to a new mental health facility.
The new mental health facility is the first step on a journey toward long-term treatment for inmates.
The new mental health facility is not just for punishment.
Judge Steven Leifman says the new mental health facility is not the complete answer.
Judge Steven Leifman says the new mental health facility is a start.
Judge Steven Leifman says the best part of the new mental health facility is that it is a win-win solution.
The patients win with the new mental health facility.
The families of the patients are relieved with the new mental health facility.
The state saves money by not cycling these prisoners through the system again and again.
For Judge Steven Leifman, justice is served with the new mental health facility.