Police and FBI agents are investigating the discovery of an empty rocket launcher tube on the front lawn of a Jersey City, New Jersey, home.
FBI spokesman Sean Quinn said that Niranjan Desai discovered the 20-year-old AT4 anti-tank rocket launcher tube.
Niranjan Desai discovered the rocket launcher tube lying on her lawn Friday morning.
The launcher has been turned over to U.S. Army officials at the 754th Ordnance Company.
The 754th Ordnance Company is an explosive ordnance disposal unit.
The 754th Ordnance Company is located at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey.
Army officials said the launcher is no longer operable.
Army officials said the launcher is not considered to be a hazard to public safety.
Police said there was no indication the launcher had been fired recently.
Army officials said they could not determine if the launcher had been fired.
Army officials indicated they should know once they find out where the launcher came from.
The nearest military base, Fort Dix, is more than 70 miles from Jersey City.
The Joint Terrorism Task Force division of the FBI is investigating the origin of the rocket launcher.
The Jersey City police are investigating the origin of the rocket launcher.
The Joint Terrorism Task Force division of the FBI is investigating the circumstance that led to the appearance of the rocket launcher on residential property.
Paul Cruickshank of New York University Law School's Center on Law and Security said that Al Qaeda doesn't leave a rocket launcher on the lawn of middle-aged ladies.
A neighbor, Joe Quinn, said the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn looked military.
Joe Quinn said the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn was brown.
Joe Quinn said the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn had a handle and strap.
Joe Quinn said both ends of the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn were open.
Joe Quinn said the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn looked like it could shoot something.
Joe Quinn said the device had a picture of a soldier on it.
Joe Quinn said the device was 3 to 4 feet long.
An Army official said the device is basically a shoulder-fired, direct-fire weapon used against ground targets.
An Army official said the device is a modern-day bazooka.
An Army official said the device is not wire-guided.
According to the Web site Globalsecurity.org, a loaded M136 AT4 anti-tank weapon has a 40-inch-long fiberglass-wrapped tube.
According to the Web site Globalsecurity.org, a loaded M136 AT4 anti-tank weapon weighs just 4 pounds.
According to the Web site Globalsecurity.org, the 84 millimeter shaped-charge missile can penetrate 14 inches of armor from a maximum of 985 feet.
According to the Web site Globalsecurity.org, the M136 AT4 anti-tank weapon is used once and discarded.