Chris Benoit idolized the Dynamite Kid.
The Dynamite Kid was half of a professional wrestling team famous in the 1980s for spectacular high-flying, acrobatic moves.
Chris Benoit strangled his wife.
Chris Benoit suffocated his son.
Chris Benoit hanged himself in June.
The Dynamite Kid and his partner, Davey Boy Smith, were known as the British Bulldogs.
The British Bulldogs were quick, agile, and muscular.
The British Bulldogs won the World Wrestling Federation tag team championship in 1986.
Young Chris Benoit dreamed of wrestling like the Dynamite Kid.
The real name of the Dynamite Kid is Tom Billington.
At the beginning of his career, Chris Benoit adopted the Dynamite nickname.
Chris Benoit copied the Dynamite Kid's signature moves.
In June, Chris Benoit murdered his wife and young son.
Chris Benoit hanged himself.
Investigators found testosterone in Chris Benoit's body.
Investigators found painkillers in Chris Benoit's body.
Investigators found anti-anxiety drugs in Chris Benoit's body.
Georgia's chief medical examiner reported the findings a month later.
Billington told CNN that steroids can make a person aggressive.
Billington personally would not kill a child or a wife.
Billington now lives in a public housing apartment outside Manchester, England.
Billington has lost the use of his legs.
A pin sticks out from one of Billington's toes.
Billington blames his wrestling life for his condition.
Billington ignored doctors who told him to stop the punishment to his body.
Billington attributed his condition to steroids.
Billington told CNN that the steroids came from doctors.
Billington told CNN that the steroids came from friends.
Billington told CNN that the steroids came from steroids meant for horses.
Billington took all the steroids.
Billington took a terrible pounding in the ring.
Billington began taking extensive amounts of painkillers.
Chris Benoit's death has refocused a media spotlight on World Wrestling Entertainment.
World Wrestling Entertainment is the organization for which Chris Benoit wrestled.
Vince McMahon is the Chairman of the Board of World Wrestling Entertainment.
Vince McMahon appeared with Linda McMahon, his wife and WWE CEO.
Vince McMahon told CNN that nothing from the WWE had anything to do with Chris Benoit murdering his family.
Vince McMahon questioned how the WWE could know Chris Benoit would turn into a monster.
Vince McMahon defended the organization.
Vince McMahon stated that the WWE's drug-testing policy was not just for show.
Vince McMahon claimed that the WWE's policy stacks up just as well as anyone else's in sport.
Vince McMahon emphasized that the WWE is entertainment.
Vince McMahon stated that no one in entertainment has this kind of wellness policy.
Critics say Vince McMahon pushes his stars and non-stars.
Critics say Vince McMahon works his stars and non-stars too many nights per year.
Critics say Vince McMahon has encouraged the large physiques prevalent in modern wrestling.
Critics say Vince McMahon only looks at his employees as commodities.
Critics say Vince McMahon views his employees as pawns in a huge business.
Vince McMahon's businesses are quite successful.
About 16 million people a week tune into WWE TV shows.
Two of WWE's cable programs are "Raw" and "Friday Night Smackdown."
"Raw" and "Friday Night Smackdown" are weekly ratings giants.
Pay-per-view specials generate an average of $100 million per year.
Vince McMahon stated that each person in the WWE bears responsibility for their own lives.
Vince McMahon stated that this responsibility is especially true outside the arena.
Vince McMahon said that if someone passes through the WWE, it is not the WWE's responsibility for that person's personal activities.
Vince McMahon claimed that there isn't any organization in the world that can claim to be totally drug-free.
The McMahons stated that the WWE is taking steps toward improving its oversight of its athletes.
Since February 2006, more than 30 of the WWE's wrestlers have been suspended.
Two wrestlers have been suspended since CNN's interview with the McMahons.
David Black helped the NFL develop its drug program.
David Black now runs tests for the WWE.
David Black stated that twice that number of wrestlers have tested positive and been given a warning.
Dr. Gary Wadler is a world-renowned expert in the study of drugs and athletes.
Dr. Gary Wadler stated that the WWE is not doing enough regarding drug testing.
Dr. Gary Wadler said that the WWE falls far short of where it needs to be.
Dr. Gary Wadler referred to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
U.S. athletes training for the Olympics are randomly tested.
If U.S. athletes are caught just once, they face a two-year suspension from competition.
If U.S. athletes are caught a second time, they can be banned for life.
David Black's programs test wrestlers four times a year.
The first test is a "baseline" test according to the WWE.
David Black tests for "nonmedical" uses.
If an athlete has a prescription, he is cleared.
Travis Tygart stated that the loophole guts the entire program.
Vince McMahon denies that his wrestlers are pushed to use steroids.
Vince McMahon claims that the average wrestler is lighter than in recent years.
Vince McMahon stated that an expression in wrestling is that a wrestler's face is where they make their money.
Vince McMahon stated that a wrestler's personality is important in wrestling.
Vince McMahon stated that a wrestler's delivery and elocution are important in wrestling.
Vince McMahon stated that storylines are important in wrestling.
Vince McMahon stated that theatrical elements are important in wrestling.