Favorable weather and firefighter reinforcements helped ease the fire danger in parts of Southern California on Thursday. Four bodies were found in a canyon in the path of the blaze on Thursday. The number of deaths attributed directly to the fires grew to seven on Thursday. Four people believed to be illegal immigrants were found dead in a canyon east of San Diego. Seven other deaths are labeled as fire-related. Three elderly people died during evacuations. Four other people died after being evacuated. Improving conditions allowed more people to return home on Thursday. New evacuations were ordered in areas where the flames continued. Residents who returned home often found ash and rubble in place of their homes. Louela Binlac stood in front of what remained of her Rancho Bernardo home. Louela Binlac stated that the most important thing is that her family is still together and everybody is safe. Louela Binlac expressed a belief that they will eventually rebuild again. Louela Binlac stated that those things can be replaced. Louela Binlac expressed gratitude that everybody is safe. Marilyn Wood stated that it was really scary to return to the pile of ashes that she once called home. Marilyn Wood vowed to rebuild her home. Marilyn Wood recounted that she and her husband, Gordon Wood, fled early Monday with only minutes to spare. Marilyn Wood stated that her house was burning as they were leaving. President George W. Bush got a firsthand look at the aftermath of the devastating fires on Thursday. Ten fires were still burning across seven counties. President George W. Bush promised federal help for those affected by the fires. President George W. Bush stated that they are not going to forget the affected individuals in Washington, D.C. President George W. Bush toured the area by air and visited Rancho Bernardo with California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger. President George W. Bush signed a federal disaster declaration on Wednesday. The federal disaster declaration freed money to help residents rent temporary homes. The federal disaster declaration freed money to help residents repair damaged homes and businesses. The federal disaster declaration freed money to help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response. The cost of homes destroyed by the wildfires is likely to top $1 billion in San Diego County alone. People left homeless by the fires can apply online for federal help at FEMA.gov. Almost 9,000 firefighters battled the blazes. Firefighter reinforcements arrived from dozens of states across the country. Twenty-three fires have scorched 472,478 acres. The area burned is roughly three-quarters of the size of Rhode Island. The flames have destroyed roughly one-third of San Diego County's lucrative avocado crop. The flames have destroyed other croplands, greenhouses, and nurseries. A change in the winds occurred from a ferocious 100 mph on Sunday to an almost manageable 10 mph on Thursday. The change in winds brought welcome relief. The change in winds allowed a full-bore aerial assault on the fires. Reinforcements from across the country arrived to aid the exhausted firefighters. The fires still threatened some 25,000 homes. The burn rate in the region was significantly lower on Thursday. The burn rate is a measure made up of factors like wind speed, humidity, and available fuel. Residents of several communities, including the city of San Diego, were allowed to return home on Wednesday and Thursday. More evacuations were ordered, covering the communities of Lake Henshaw, Mesa Grande, and the La Jolla Indian Reservation in San Diego County. Some shelters closed as others opened closer to danger. San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders announced that Qualcomm Stadium would close to evacuees. Qualcomm Stadium held 11,000 evacuees at the height of the fires. Qualcomm Stadium dropped to 750 evacuees on Wednesday night. Qualcomm Stadium would close as an emergency shelter at noon on Friday. Arson investigations were underway in Orange and Riverside counties in connection with some of the wildfires. The Orange County Sheriff's Department announced a $250,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of those responsible for the 23,000-acre Santiago fire. Orange County Battalion Chief Kris Concepcion stated that it is absolutely unconscionable for someone to think about starting a fire that would grow rapidly. The FBI and the ATF are assisting Orange County authorities with the investigation. The California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection considers the Rosa fire in Riverside County an arson case. The Rosa fire burned more than 400 acres before being fully contained. Two men have been arrested in San Bernardino County in connection with arson investigations. One man has been arrested in San Fernando in connection with arson investigations. An adult and a juvenile have been arrested in San Diego County in connection with arson investigations. None of the arrested individuals are believed to be connected with the major fires burning in the area.