U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice stated that State Department officials should serve where they are needed.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that people need to serve where they are needed.
Condoleezza Rice responded to foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of directed assignments in Iraq.
The issue of directed assignments has caused an uproar in the State Department.
The uproar in the State Department resulted in a contentious town hall-style meeting on Wednesday.
New directives would be needed if enough qualified foreign service officers do not step forward to fill open positions at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad.
If the State Department enforces directed assignments, it will be the first time since the Vietnam War era.
One official called the order to serve in Iraq a potential death sentence during the town meeting.
The State Department has begun notifying about 200 people considered prime candidates.
Those chosen will be given 10 days to respond.
Those who decline could face dismissal unless they have a valid medical reason to refuse.
Wednesday's heated meeting was replayed on an internal State Department television channel in Washington several times.
The heated meeting was talked about widely.
Some attendees at the hourlong meeting questioned why they were not informed of the policy change directly.
Some attendees learned about the policy change from news organizations last week.
Foreign service officer Jack Croddy expressed a lack of respect for the process.
Jack Croddy stated that the process demonstrated a lack of respect for colleagues.
Harry Thomas Jr., director general of the foreign service, responded to Jack Croddy's comment.
Harry Thomas Jr. stated that Jack Croddy's comment was full of inaccuracies.
Others pointed out the risks of assignments in a war zone.
Others mentioned the lack of security in a war zone.
Others noted the regular rocket attacks on U.S. personnel in a war zone.
Condoleezza Rice did not attend the meeting.
Condoleezza Rice tried to calm things down by underscoring the State Department's attempts to protect diplomats.
Condoleezza Rice stated that protecting diplomats is one of the highest priority tasks of the United States.
Condoleezza Rice stated that the United States will meet its obligations.
Condoleezza Rice expressed uncertainty about whether there will be direct assignments.
Condoleezza Rice stated that people need to serve where they are needed.
Condoleezza Rice sent out a cable to State Department employees worldwide encouraging them to serve in Iraq.
U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker identified the need for additional positions to accomplish the mission in Iraq.
Condoleezza Rice decided to go forward with the identification of officers to serve in Iraq.
Condoleezza Rice stated that the identification of officers should prove necessary to direct assignments.
Condoleezza Rice stated that if others step forward, the new jobs will be filled with volunteers.
Condoleezza Rice stated that regardless of how the jobs may be filled, they must be filled.
Condoleezza Rice earlier stated that reports of difficulty in coaxing foreign service employees into Iraq could not be further from the truth.
The assignments in Iraq are new positions.
Fifteen people have stepped forward to volunteer for Iraq service since the new policy was announced on October 26.
Department spokesman Sean McCormack stated that the State Department has been successful in filling jobs in Iraq with volunteers until now.
Since 2003, more than 1,500 personnel have volunteered to go to Iraq.
With the expansion of the staff in Iraq this year, 58 spots were left open.
Sean McCormack stated that personnel are serving in dangerous and challenging places.
Sean McCormack stated that there are a lot of brave people stepping up to the plate in Anbar, Basra, Baghdad, Kabul, and other places.
State Department employees have been killed in Iraq.
Sean McCormack could not say how many State Department employees have been killed in Iraq.