Reuters is a global information company.
Reuters provides material tailored for professionals in the financial services market.
Reuters provides material tailored for professionals in the media market.
Reuters provides material tailored for professionals in the corporate market.
Reuters' information is trusted.
Reuters' information drives decision making across the globe.
In October 1851, Paul Julius Reuter opened an office in the City of London.
Paul Julius Reuter was a German-born immigrant.
Paul Julius Reuter's office transmitted stock market quotations between London and Paris.
Paul Julius Reuter transmitted stock market quotations via the new Calais-Dover cable.
Eighteen months before October 1851, Paul Julius Reuter used pigeons to fly stock prices between Aachen and Brussels.
The service using pigeons operated for a year.
The service using pigeons ended when the gap in the telegraph link was closed.
Reuters eventually extended its service to other European countries.
Reuters expanded its content to include general news from around the world.
Reuters expanded its content to include economic news from around the world.
In 1865, Reuters was first in Europe with news of President Lincoln's assassination.
President Lincoln was assassinated in the United States.
As overland telegraph and undersea cable facilities developed, Reuters expanded its business beyond Europe.
Reuters included the Far East in its business in 1872.
Reuters included South America in its business in 1874.
In 1883, Reuters began to use a "column printer" to transmit messages electrically.
Reuters transmitted messages electrically to London newspapers in 1883.
In 1923, Reuters pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally.
In 1927, Reuters brought in the teleprinter to distribute news to London newspapers.
Today, Reuters has over 16,900 staff.
Today, Reuters operates in over 94 countries.
Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency.
Reuters has 196 bureaux.
Reuters serves approximately 131 countries.
In 2006, Reuters filed over two and a half million news items.
In 2006, Reuters filed 656,500 alerts.
In 2006, Reuters filed news items from 209 countries.
In 2006, Reuters published news items in 18 languages.
More than 90% of Reuters' revenue derives from its financial services business.
Some 370,000 financial market professionals use Reuters products.
The financial market professionals work in the equities market.
The financial market professionals work in the fixed income market.
The financial market professionals work in the foreign exchange market.
The financial market professionals work in the money market.
The financial market professionals work in the commodities market.
The financial market professionals work in the energy market.
Reuters supplies news to media organizations across the globe.
Reuters supplies text to media organizations.
Reuters supplies graphics to media organizations.
Reuters supplies video to media organizations.
Reuters supplies pictures to media organizations.
Reuters provides news to businesses outside the financial services sector.
Reuters provides news directly to consumers.