India has elected its first female president.
The official results show that Pratibha Patil is India's first elected female president.
Pratibha Patil is 72 years old.
Pratibha Patil is the ruling coalition's nominee for the mainly ceremonial post.
Pratibha Patil easily beat Bhairon Singh Shekhawat in the election.
Bhairon Singh Shekhawat is the opposition-backed challenger and vice president.
The election was conducted by the national parliament and state politicians.
Pratibha Patil stated, "This is a victory of the people."
Pratibha Patil expressed gratitude to the people of India.
Pratibha Patil stated that her victory is for the principles upheld by the Indian people.
Pratibha Patil won about two thirds of the electoral college votes.
There had never been any doubt that Pratibha Patil would win the election.
Pratibha Patil received support from the ruling coalition.
Pratibha Patil is the governor of the northwestern desert state of Rajasthan.
Pratibha Patil emerged on the national stage when the Congress-led coalition and its communist allies failed to agree on a joint candidate.
Sonia Gandhi is the Congress party leader.
Sonia Gandhi is India's most powerful politician.
Sonia Gandhi stated that this is a very special moment for women and men in India.
Sonia Gandhi stated that this is the first time a woman has been elected president of India.
Supporters hoped that Pratibha Patil's candidacy would bring issues that plague women in India into the public spotlight.
A woman is murdered, raped, or abused every three minutes on average in India.
Pratibha Patil's presidency reflects the growing power of some women in India.
An increasing number of women in India are taking part in the workforce.
An increasing number of women in India are attending schools.
An increasing number of women in India hold senior positions in corporations.
After the election results, Pratibha Patil's supporters took to the streets.
Pratibha Patil's supporters sang and danced in the streets.
Others lit firecrackers and beat large brass drums after the election results.
India has had a number of female icons in the past.
Indira Gandhi was one of the world's first female prime ministers in 1966.
Sonia Gandhi's mother-in-law is Indira Gandhi.
The hope that Pratibha Patil's presidency would spark only positive talk about women's influence in India evaporated.
The bank for women that Pratibha Patil helped establish was closed in 2003.
The bank for women was closed because of bad debts.
The bank for women was closed amid accusations of financial irregularities.
The employees' union has taken Pratibha Patil and others to court.
The employees' union claims that loans meant for poor women were given to Pratibha Patil's brother and other relatives.
The loans given to Pratibha Patil's brother and other relatives were not returned.
Pratibha Patil was accused of trying to shield her brother in a murder inquiry.
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh dismissed accusations against Pratibha Patil as "mud-slinging."
Manmohan Singh stated that Pratibha Patil's victory was "a vote against the politics of divisiveness."
Pratibha Patil stated, "All the allegations against me are motivated and have already been answered."
Pratibha Patil's campaign was marked by other mishaps.
Pratibha Patil managed to offend many minority Muslims.
Pratibha Patil angered some historians by saying Indian women first veiled their heads as protection against 16th century Muslim invaders.
Pratibha Patil claimed she experienced a "divine premonition" about her destiny for higher office.
Pratibha Patil claimed that a long dead spiritual guru communicated this premonition to her.
Critics dug up a comment made by Pratibha Patil as Maharashtra's health minister in 1975.
Pratibha Patil's comment suggested that people with hereditary diseases should be sterilized.