Some Democrats appear to be wavering on a House resolution labeling Turkey's treatment of Armenians in World War I as genocide.
A KC-135 tanker lands at Incirlik Air Base in southern Turkey in 2003.
Turkey is a longtime U.S. ally and NATO partner.
Turkey was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks genocide.
Turkey threatened to block access to Incirlik Air Base after the resolution passed a House committee vote.
The base is located in southern Turkey near Syria.
Incirlik Air Base is a major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq and elsewhere in the Mideast and Asia.
The Pentagon is preparing to set up new supply routes for troops in Iraq.
The Pentagon is preparing for the possibility that Turkey cuts off U.S. access to Incirlik Air Base.
Military officials said this on Tuesday.
Ankara acknowledges the killings of Armenians during World War I.
Ankara vehemently objects to the "genocide" label.
The House Foreign Affairs Committee adopted the nonbinding resolution last week.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she would bring the measure to a vote of the full House sometime next month.
The Bush administration urged Congress to drop the issue.
Some leading Democrats urged Nancy Pelosi not to bring the resolution to the floor.
Majority Leader Steny Hoyer signaled on Tuesday that the vote might be put off.
Steny Hoyer said he thought the House would bring the resolution up prior to leaving.
Steny Hoyer has not changed his position on that.
Steny Hoyer said there are a number of people who are revisiting their own positions.
The House will have to determine where everybody is.
Democratic Rep. Ike Skelton announced his opposition to the resolution last week.
Democratic Rep. Alcee Hastings urged Nancy Pelosi to reconsider the resolution in a letter released on Tuesday.
Democratic Rep. John Tanner urged Nancy Pelosi to reconsider the resolution in a letter released on Tuesday.
More than half of the cargo flown into Iraq and Afghanistan comes through Incirlik Air Base.
Incirlik Air Base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of U.S. troops in the future.
Lt. Gen. Carter Ham said Pentagon planners are looking at a broad range of options to keep food, fuel, and ammunition flowing to U.S. troops in Iraq.
Lt. Gen. Carter Ham said this is if Turkey blocks access to Incirlik Air Base.
Lt. Gen. Carter Ham said the Pentagon is confident that it will find ways to keep supplies flowing.
Lt. Gen. Carter Ham told reporters at the Pentagon.
There is likely to be some increased cost and some other implications if Turkey blocks access to Incirlik Air Base.
The Pentagon would prefer to maintain the access that it has to Incirlik Air Base.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates echoed lawmakers' concerns last week.
About 70 percent of all air cargo going into Iraq goes through Turkey.
About a third of the fuel that U.S. troops consume goes through Turkey or comes from Turkey.
Defense Secretary Robert Gates said that 95 percent of the Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protective vehicles being deployed in Iraq are flown through Turkey.
The Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protective vehicles are built to withstand roadside bombs.
The U.S. military issued a warning order a few days ago.
The warning order was issued to ensure that alternative air crews, planes, fuel, and routes are lined up.
This is if Turkey stops or restricts U.S. access to Incirlik Air Base.
A source said this.
Jordan and Kuwait are among the alternatives the United States is considering.
Some fear that pursuit of the resolution would embolden the Turks to attack Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq.
This could further complicate Iraqi stability.
U.S. officials said this.
Incirlik offers 10,000-foot and 9,000-foot runways.
Incirlik has 57 hardened aircraft shelters.
Globalsecurity.org is a source of background information about military issues.
Globalsecurity said Incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to Iraq.
Incirlik took over for Rhein-Main Air Base in Germany.
Incirlik is closer to Iraq than Rhein-Main Air Base.
This reduces the strain on troops and aircraft.