Yuvraj Singh smashed six sixes in one over.
England crashed out of cricket's World Twenty20 tournament in South Africa on Wednesday.
Yuvraj Singh smashed his sixth successive six off England fast bowler Stuart Broad.
Paul Collingwood's side were eliminated at the Super Eights stage.
South Africa beat New Zealand by six wickets in Durban.
England lost by 18 runs to the Singh-inspired Indians.
The Indians kept their semifinal hopes alive ahead of Thursday's must-win clash with South Africa.
Yuvraj Singh reached the fastest 50 in Twenty20 history.
Yuvraj Singh needed just 12 deliveries to reach his fastest 50.
India made a score of 218-4.
Yuvraj Singh hit six consecutive sixes in the 19th over bowled by Stuart Broad.
Yuvraj Singh became the first player to hit six consecutive sixes in Twenty20 matches.
Yuvraj Singh became just the fourth player in all senior cricket to hit six consecutive sixes.
Herschelle Gibbs performed the feat of six consecutive sixes at the 50-over World Cup in the West Indies earlier this year.
Sir Garfield Sobers achieved six consecutive sixes in first-class matches.
Ravi Shastri achieved six consecutive sixes in first-class matches.
Yuvraj Singh's innings ended on 58 runs.
Yuvraj Singh scored 58 runs from 16 balls.
Yuvraj Singh hit a full-toss from Andrew Flintoff to captain Paul Collingwood at long-on.
Yuvraj Singh cleared the boundary ropes once in the final over.
Virender Sehwag top-scored for India with 68 runs off 52 balls.
Virender Sehwag put on 136 runs for the first wicket with Gautam Gambhir.
Gautam Gambhir scored 58 runs off 41 deliveries.
Stuart Broad ended with bowling figures of 0-60 off four overs.
Chris Tremlett took 2 wickets for 45 runs.
England posted a score of 200-6 in their 20 overs.
Opener Vikram Solanki top-scored for England with 43 runs off 31 balls.
Kevin Pietersen hit 39 runs off 23 deliveries.
No player from England could match the fireworks provided by Yuvraj Singh.
Irfan Pathan claimed bowling figures of 3-37 off four overs.
Rudra Pratap Singh took 2 wickets for 28 runs.
If India beats South Africa, it would create a three-way tie.
Net run-rates would decide the two teams going through if there is a three-way tie.
South Africa has two wins from two Group E outings.
South Africa beat New Zealand, who completed their Super Eights fixtures with two victories and one defeat.
South Africa restricted New Zealand to a score of 153-8 from their 20 overs on Wednesday.
South Africa reached the target against New Zealand with five deliveries to spare.
Justin Kemp made an unbeaten score of 89 runs.
Justin Kemp was named man of the match.
Justin Kemp smashed a six off Mark Gillespie for the winning runs.
Justin Kemp hit six sixes and six fours in his 56-ball innings.
Justin Kemp came to the crease in the fourth over.
South Africa was reeling at a score of 17-2 when Justin Kemp came to the crease.
Justin Kemp added 28 runs in four overs with Herschelle Gibbs.
Herschelle Gibbs scored 19 runs.
Justin Kemp put on another 65 runs in eight overs with Mark Boucher.
Mark Boucher departed for 23 runs.
Mark Boucher was caught by wicketkeeper Brendon McCullum off Mark Gillespie.
Mark Gillespie ended with bowling figures of 2-11 off 3.1 overs.
Shaun Pollock joined Justin Kemp.
Shaun Pollock struck one six in his unbeaten score of 16 runs off 11 deliveries.
Shaun Pollock helped guide South Africa to their second victory.
Craig McMillan top-scored for New Zealand with an unbeaten score of 48 runs off only 25 balls.
Craig McMillan followed up his blistering score of 57 runs in Tuesday's five-run win against England.
Brendon McCullum put on 68 runs for the first wicket with Lou Vincent.
Brendon McCullum scored 38 runs before becoming the first of Morne Morkel's four victims.
Morne Morkel ended with bowling figures of 4-17 off four overs.
Morne Morkel removed Ross Taylor, who scored 1 run.
Morne Morkel bowled Jacob Oram for a quickfire score of 15 runs.
Morne Morkel had Shane Bond caught by Mark Boucher.
Morne Morkel almost became the first Twenty20 bowler to claim five wickets.
Morne Morkel's penultimate delivery clean bowled Mark Gillespie.
Morne Morkel's penultimate delivery was declared a no-ball by umpire Billy Doctrove.