Filmmaker Michael Moore has a new documentary titled "Sicko" that addresses America's health care system.
Michael Moore faced off with CNN chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta on Tuesday.
Michael Moore and Dr. Sanjay Gupta argued about Gupta's report on Moore's film "Sicko."
Michael Moore criticized a report that Dr. Sanjay Gupta did on CNN Monday regarding "Sicko."
Dr. Sanjay Gupta claimed that the facts in "Sicko" were fudged.
Michael Moore stated that Dr. Sanjay Gupta's claim is a lie.
Michael Moore asserted that none of the facts in "Sicko" are fudged.
Michael Moore and Dr. Sanjay Gupta shouted and argued over the data used by both individuals.
Michael Moore said that his staffers provided the film's facts to Dr. Sanjay Gupta before the report aired.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta aired his report knowing that his facts were wrong, according to Michael Moore.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta disputed Michael Moore's claim that he aired the report knowing his facts were wrong.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta said that he tries to look for the best sources possible.
Michael Moore has a lot of different numbers in "Sicko," according to Dr. Sanjay Gupta.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta accused Michael Moore of cherry-picking data from different reports.
Both Michael Moore and Dr. Sanjay Gupta agreed that problems exist in America's health-care system.
Michael Moore and Dr. Sanjay Gupta agreed that the problems in America's health-care system need to be fixed.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta thought "Sicko" was a good movie and wanted to express that.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta believes that America's health-care system is broken.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta praised Michael Moore for raising awareness of health-care issues.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta expressed concern that "Sicko" suggests that health care in countries like France and Canada is free.
Patients in countries with universal health care may not pay for services at the doctor's office.
Patients in countries with universal health care pay high taxes to fund the system.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta is concerned that "Sicko" audiences might not realize that patients pay high taxes for health care in other countries.
Michael Moore stated that Americans pay more in copays, deductibles, and insurance premiums.
Michael Moore claimed that America has a health care system built on profit.
Michael Moore asked Dr. Sanjay Gupta if the current system is cumbersome for him.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta described the current health care system as shameful, especially when dealing with his patients.
Dr. Sanjay Gupta questioned Michael Moore's apparent solution of putting health care in the hands of the Bush administration.
Michael Moore has fiercely criticized the Bush administration in the past.
Michael Moore particularly criticized the Bush administration in his film "Fahrenheit 9/11."
Michael Moore stated that the government used to do things right.
Michael Moore believes that the problem lies in who is put in power.
Michael Moore has adamantly opposed the war in Iraq.
Michael Moore believes that the government should reprioritize.
Michael Moore took the position that the government should reprioritize many years before skepticism of the war's success became widespread in Washington.
Michael Moore expressed regret for spending time correcting Dr. Sanjay Gupta's facts instead of discussing the real issue.
Michael Moore identified the real issue as the ailing health care system.