More than 100 homes in an upscale San Diego community were evacuated after a landslide.
The landslide was about 60 yards wide.
The landslide pulled the earth from beneath a three-lane road.
The landslide pulled the earth from beneath some multimillion-dollar homes.
Gina Yarbrough sent a picture of the road that collapsed in the landslide.
Mayor Jerry Sanders declared a state of emergency.
Mayor Jerry Sanders asked California to help the La Jolla community recover from the landslide.
Mayor Jerry Sanders asked the federal government to help the La Jolla community recover from the landslide.
As of Thursday morning, Mayor Jerry Sanders had received offers of aid from legislators.
As of Thursday morning, Mayor Jerry Sanders had received offers of aid from the governor's office.
As of Thursday morning, Mayor Jerry Sanders had received offers of aid from the White House.
Officials warned for at least two weeks that the ground was shifting beneath the hillside community.
The hillside community is along Soledad Mountain Road.
Holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the cause of the shift.
Holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the magnitude of the shift.
The shift earlier ruptured a water line.
Some media reports stated that the shift began cracking Soledad Mountain Road in July.
On Wednesday, a 20-foot-deep chasm opened beneath the road.
On Wednesday, a 20-foot-deep chasm opened beneath some homes.
Holli Weld was walking her son to preschool when the street collapsed.
Holli Weld stated that the street was sinking before her eyes.
Authorities told KGTV that most residents were at work when the landslide occurred.
Only seven people were in their homes when the landslide occurred.
Evacuated homeowner Russell Moore remembers hearing the earth "groan."
Russell Moore called the sound a "slow avalanche."
Russell Moore stated that the asphalt that should be under his feet was 8 feet in the air.
Russell Moore watched trees snapping and cracking during the landslide.
Russell Moore witnessed more boulders come down to his feet during the landslide.
At least 111 homes were evacuated.
Mayor Jerry Sanders stated that residents would be allowed to return to 75 of those houses by early Thursday morning.
Several homes were damaged in the landslide.
At least one home was destroyed in the landslide.
Nine homes are "red tagged," meaning no one is allowed to enter them.
Twenty-seven homes are "yellow tagged," which means residents can return for necessities.
Residents cannot stay in the yellow tagged homes.
The landslide downed power lines.
The landslide caused a minor gas leak.
More than 2,400 customers were briefly left without electricity.
Most residents had their power restored by Thursday.
The Red Cross opened a shelter at La Jolla High School.
Deputy city engineer Robert Hawk stated that the hillside has slowly been slipping for years.
The soil in the hillside is unstable.
Landslide incidents in the neighborhood date back to the 1960s.
Pat Abbott is a retired geological sciences professor at San Diego State University.
Pat Abbott stated that Mount Soledad is made up of weak layers of rock.
Pat Abbott stated that the culprit in the landslide is nature.
Pat Abbott stated that gravity is pulling down masses of earth on the incline.
Pat Abbott stated that those masses of earth have houses on top of them.
Pat Abbott stated that it is a geologically bad site.
Pat Abbott stated that the site should not have been built on to begin with.