UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match European ban.
Augustin Binya committed a horror tackle on Celtic's Scott Brown last week.
Augustin Binya lunged towards Celtic midfielder Scott Brown during Benfica's 1-0 defeat in Glasgow.
Augustin Binya was sent off for the challenge in Benfica's 1-0 defeat in the Champions League match in Glasgow last Wednesday.
Scotland international Scott Brown avoided injury.
Scott Brown claimed Augustin Binya had tried to break his leg with the tackle in the 85th minute.
Scott Brown demanded that UEFA take further action.
Augustin Binya, who is 24 years old, apologized for the challenge.
The officiating referee Martin Hansson of Sweden described the challenge as one of the worst he had ever seen.
UEFA's control and disciplinary body announced their sanction on Friday morning.
UEFA deliberated on the case on Thursday.
Binya's challenge was described as one which "seriously endangered the physical health of the opposing player" in a statement on uefa.com.
Benfica can appeal against the ban.
The ban rules Augustin Binya out of Benfica's remaining Group D matches against AC Milan and Shakhtar Donetsk.
If the appeal is unsuccessful, Augustin Binya will also miss any matches in the knockout stages of the Champions League or UEFA Cup.
The suspension will carry over to future seasons if Benfica finishes bottom of Group D.
It seems likely that Benfica will finish bottom of Group D and bow out of Europe for this campaign.
Scott Brown has been passed fit for Scotland's Euro 2008 qualifier against Italy.
Scott Brown said straight after the Benfica match that Augustin Binya obviously tried to do him as hard as possible.
It is the second time that UEFA has had to intervene following an incident involving Celtic this season.
AC Milan keeper Dida was handed a two-match ban.
Dida's two-match ban was subsequently reduced to one on appeal.
A fan of the Scottish club invaded the pitch and lightly slapped Dida in the face.
Celtic were fined $50,000.
Celtic barred the supporter for life.