Genarlow Wilson was freed from a Georgia prison last week.
Genarlow Wilson is glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors.
The plea deal would have sprung Genarlow Wilson from prison months earlier.
Genarlow Wilson will be more conservative in the future.
Genarlow Wilson will be more alert in the future.
Genarlow Wilson served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation.
Genarlow Wilson was convicted of aggravated child molestation for having oral sex with a 15-year-old girl.
The incident occurred at a 2003 New Year's Eve party.
Genarlow Wilson was 17 years old at the time of the party.
The conviction carried a 10-year mandatory prison sentence.
The conviction carried a sex offender designation.
Prosecutors in Douglas County, Georgia, offered Genarlow Wilson a plea deal.
The plea deal would have reduced Genarlow Wilson's sentence possibly to time served.
The plea deal would have eventually removed the conviction from Genarlow Wilson's record.
The plea deal would have eventually removed the sex offender status from Genarlow Wilson's record.
Genarlow Wilson rejected the plea deal because he didn't want to plead guilty to a felony.
The felony would have carried a 15-year sentence.
The state Legislature amended the law under which Genarlow Wilson was convicted last year.
The amendment made such sexual encounters misdemeanors.
The Legislature did not make the law retroactive.
The amendment had no effect on Genarlow Wilson's sentence.
Genarlow Wilson was released on Friday.
The state Supreme Court ruled 4-3 that Genarlow Wilson's sentence constitutes cruel and unusual punishment.
Genarlow Wilson feels no negative energy toward District Attorney David McDade.
District Attorney David McDade fought efforts to have Genarlow Wilson's sentence reduced.
Genarlow Wilson is focused on the future.
Genarlow Wilson hopes to soon immerse himself in his college studies.
Genarlow Wilson wants to major in sociology.
Genarlow Wilson feels like he has been living his major.
Genarlow Wilson will be more appreciative of the blessings bestowed upon him.
Genarlow Wilson does not want to ever feel like he is without again.
Genarlow Wilson does not ever want to see the inside of a prison.
Genarlow Wilson called his sentence absurd.
Genarlow Wilson understands that prosecutors were doing their job.
Genarlow Wilson understands that prosecutors felt they were carrying out the law.
Genarlow Wilson knows what he did was foolish.
Genarlow Wilson was young when he did foolish things.
Genarlow Wilson did some idiotic things in his teen years.
Every average teen does idiotic things.
Genarlow Wilson does not think any of his peers made very wise decisions.
Genarlow Wilson does not think any of his peers can go back and change what happened.