President Vladimir Putin said on Friday that security threats had forced Russia to revive the Soviet-era practice of sending bomber aircraft on regular patrols beyond its borders.
A Russian strategic bomber flies over an airfield outside Moscow during an air show.
Putin said 14 strategic bombers had taken off simultaneously from airfields across Russia in the early hours of Friday on long-range missions.
Putin stated that Russia has decided to restore flights by Russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis.
Putin spoke to reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with China and four Central Asian states in Russia's Ural mountains.
On August 17 at 00:00 hours, 14 strategic bombers took to the air from seven airfields across Russia.
Support and refueling aircraft accompanied the 14 strategic bombers.
From today, such patrols will be carried out on a regular basis.
Putin hopes that Russia's partners will treat this with understanding.
White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said he did not believe the flights posed a threat to the United States.
Gordon Johndroe stated that militaries around the world engage in a variety of activities.
Gordon Johndroe said that the flights are not entirely surprising.
The sorties are likely to add to Western concern about Russia's growing assertiveness.
Some U.S. policymakers have drawn parallels with the Cold War due to this trend.
Putin caused a stir this year by saying that Russian missiles would once again be aimed at targets in Europe if Washington persisted with plans to build a missile defense shield in eastern Europe.
Russian diplomats have clashed with the United States and European governments on issues such as Kosovo, energy, and Moscow's treatment of its ex-Soviet neighbors.
Western military leaders have said this year that Russian flights near their airspace are becoming more frequent after a long quiet period.
One Western defense official called the flights "a little bit of chest-pounding, trying to let people know Russia is back in the game."
Putin said that when Russia cut its flights in 1992, other military powers did not reciprocate.
Flights by other countries' strategic aircraft continue.
The continuation of flights by other countries' strategic aircraft creates certain problems for ensuring the security of the Russian Federation.
Putin's statement appeared to be a swipe at the U.S. and NATO.
U.S. and NATO strategic bombers have continued to fly long-range missions.
As Putin spoke to reporters and television cameras, four Russian military helicopters appeared and hovered in the background.
Russian tanks trundled behind Putin while he spoke.
The military exercises had ended long before Putin spoke.
During the Cold War, Russian long-range bombers played elaborate games of cat-and-mouse with Western air forces.
Earlier this month, Russian air force generals said bomber crews had flown near the Pacific island of Guam.
The U.S. military has a base on the Pacific island of Guam.
Russian bomber crews "exchanged smiles" with U.S. pilots scrambled to track them.
The Pentagon said the Russian aircraft had not come close enough to U.S. ships to prompt American aircraft to react.
In July, two Russian Tu-95 "Bear" bombers made unusually long sorties over the North Sea.
Norway and Britain scrambled fighter jets to follow the two Russian Tu-95 "Bear" bombers.
Russia's air force said later that the flight was a routine flight.