Shoes are called "pumps."
Pointed-toe shoes were favored by Polish nobles.
Polish nobles introduced pointed-toe shoes to England on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s.
The shoes favored by Polish nobles were dubbed "crackowes" or "poulaines."
The term "crackowes" or "poulaines" is derived from Kraków, Poland.
The pointed shoes were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required.
In 1363, the English attempted to regulate the length of shoes by law.
The law assigned shoe spans to social classes in England.
Commoners could wear footwear with toes of up to six inches in length.
Those in the royal ranks were allowed shoes with a full length of two feet.
Lisa Lindahl was a University of Vermont student in 1977.
Lisa Lindahl was running 30 miles a week in 1977.
Lisa Lindahl's bra was not holding up in 1977.
Lisa Lindahl sewed together two jock straps.
The sports bra was invented by Lisa Lindahl and her classmates.
Lisa Lindahl and her classmates founded the company Jogbra a year after inventing the sports bra.
Almost 40,000 sports bras are sold annually.
Mary Jane shoes are named after a character in "Buster Brown."
"Buster Brown" is a children's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s.
Mary Jane was either Buster Brown's sweetheart or sister.
Gabardine is a water-repellent fabric invented by Burberry.
The word "gabardine" was first mentioned by Shakespeare.
Shakespeare used the word "gabardine" in The Merchant of Venice.
Shakespeare referred to a coarse cloak worn as protection from storms.
During World War I, British officers on the front lines wore a uniform coat made of gabardine.
The original Burberry trench coat was made of gabardine.
Evidence exists that Sumerian women wore pierced earrings as early as 2500 B.C.
Sumerian women wore gold half-moon hoops as earrings.
Men have been wearing earrings since ancient Egypt.
Earrings were introduced to men in ancient Egypt around 1500 B.C.
Lilly Pulitzer opened a juice stand in 1959.
Lilly Pulitzer was a bored Palm Beach socialite.
Lilly Pulitzer found that citrus concoctions discolored her clothes.
Lilly Pulitzer instructed her dressmaker to create a uniform to camouflage bright stains.
The "Lilly" design consists of sleeveless cotton shifts in vibrant prints.
The "Lilly" design was an instant hit with customers.
Customers began placing more orders for dresses than juice.
The term "pump" first appeared in England in 1550.
Male servants in England sported the style of shoes called pumps.
The noise made by male servants wearing loose-fitting shoes resembled the sound of a water pump.
The word "sneaker" entered the English language in the 1870s.
Rubber soles made sneakers quiet.
The modern usage of the word "stiletto" debuted in 1953.
The word "stiletto" is a Renaissance-era Italian word for an assassin's narrow-bladed knife.
The pointy heels of stilettos were difficult to walk on wooden floors.
Umbrellas were used exclusively to shade the heads of dignitaries for thousands of years.
Umbrellas were used in Egypt, China, Japan, Mesopotamia, and India.
Umbrellas were not employed in inclement weather until the late 17th and early 18th centuries.
Advances in manufacturing made umbrellas lightweight and portable after another hundred years.
Bikinis were named after the nuclear-testing site Bikini Atoll.
Bikinis first appeared in 1946.
American women thought bikinis were immodest when they first appeared.
Bikinis were accepted in American culture in the 1960s.
The hit song "Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini" possibly helped the acceptance of bikinis.
French cuffs were said to be designed to be used as handkerchiefs in combat.
French royalty invented the style of French cuffs in the 1500s.
Flowing sleeves were the rage among French royalty in the 1500s.
Nobles tied their sleeves back with fasteners in the 1500s.
The English refer to French cuffs as "double cuffs."
Ladies once stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing.
The little waist sack was an early ancestor of the fanny pack.
Ladies accessed the little waist sack through slits in their skirts.
Around 1800, thinner, silkier fabrics and slimmer cuts became fashionable for women.
Women could no longer hide bulging sacks around their midsections around 1800.
Women began carrying their belongings in small pocketbooks instead of waist sacks.
In the 16th century, "drawers" became a common term for both men's and women's underpants.
Drawers were made of linen.
The items referred to as drawers looked more or less interchangeable in the 16th century.
Decorative lace trim started appearing on undergarments in the middle of the 19th century.
Underwear earned the nickname "drawers" because it describes the way people put them on.
People draw up and over their lower body when putting on underwear.