None of the 1,000-plus Iraqi detainees freed in recent weeks have broken a pledge not to return to the insurgency.
The Marine general who oversees the U.S. detention centers in Iraq is Maj. Gen. Doug Stone.
A U.S. military panel reviews a detainee's case at Camp Cropper near Baghdad.
Maj. Gen. Doug Stone reassured Iraqis about how the 25,000 detainees are treated after being taken into custody on suspicion of involvement in the insurgency.
The majority of the 25,000 detainees are Sunnis.
Maj. Gen. Doug Stone described the detention system as "open and transparent." The detention system makes the detainees better citizens.
The detention system helps break the cycle of violence and poverty in Iraq.
Detainees receive free medical care equal to what Maj. Gen. Doug Stone receives as a general.
Detainees receive food and water made to Islamic standards.
Detainees receive educational opportunities.
Detainees receive job skills.
Detainees have contact with their families.
The U.S. detention centers are located at Camp Bucca near the southern port city of Basra and at Camp Cropper near Baghdad.
The U.S. detention centers are political sore points for Sunnis.
Sunnis make up 83 percent of the detainees held.
The main Sunni political coalition is the Iraqi Accord Front.
The Iraqi Accord Front cited the detention centers as one reason for quitting the government during the summer.
Last month, the U.S.-led coalition launched Operation Lion's Paw.
Between 50 and 70 detainees would be released daily during the Islamic holy month of Ramadan after taking a pledge not to rejoin the insurgency against the Shiite-led government.
The pledge is an Iraqi pledge.
The pledge is made before an Iraqi judge.
A family member is frequently present when the pledge is made.
Maj. Gen. Doug Stone stated that in the more than 1,000 detainees who have gone through this program and taken the pledge, not one has returned to threaten Iraqi or coalition forces.
The releases will continue at the same pace beyond Ramadan.
Maj. Gen. Doug Stone's description of the detention system seems a far cry from the Abu Ghraib prison operated by the U.S. military in the first years after the invasion.
The Abu Ghraib prison was closed down and razed in the wake of an international scandal over prisoner abuse.
There are no secrets that go on in detention.
The facilities are open to inspection by any agency that the federal government believes is credible.
These agencies are welcomed because they are windows for the world.
By the time of their release, detainees grow in terms of working in an inter-sectarian environment.
Each detainee has a chance to take classes up to a sixth-grade level.
High school classes are being planned for detainees.
About one-third of the detainees, or 8,000 detainees, are in school.
Seven thousand detainees have passed the fifth-grade level.
The 860 detainees who are 17 years old or younger are all in school.
The average stay for a detainee is 300 days.
Some detainees have been detained for two years or longer.
A review board interviews detainees to decide if they are a threat to security.
If detainees are deemed not to be a threat to security, they are offered freedom in exchange for taking the pledge.
Only 280 detainees are foreigners.
The foreign detainees are mostly from Syria, Egypt, Iran, Sudan, and Saudi Arabia.