A girl who was shown on a videotape being sexually assaulted in Las Vegas has been found.
The girl is safe.
Officials in Nye County, Nevada, said the girl was found on Friday.
Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, is being sought as a suspect.
Police say Chester Arthur Stiles is a suspect.
Nye County Sheriff Tony De Meo said the detectives say the girl is in good condition.
The girl is now 7 years old.
The girl was shown in a sex video made four years ago.
Detective David Boruchowitz said the girl was shown in a sex video made four years ago.
The girl was found with family in Las Vegas.
Thousands of tips poured in to help find the girl.
An appeal by police to the news media helped show the girl's picture.
CNN and other news organizations showed the girl's picture until the child was found.
De Meo asked news organizations to stop showing the picture after the child was found.
The mother has cooperated with police.
De Meo believes that the mother was not aware of anything that went on with the young girl.
It was very sad for the mother to find this out.
Chester Arthur Stiles is a former Las Vegas animal trainer.
Chester Arthur Stiles is a resident of Pahrump, Nevada.
Pahrump is about 60 miles west of Las Vegas.
Chester Arthur Stiles was a distant friend of the girl's family.
Someone close to Chester Arthur Stiles has told investigators that Chester Arthur Stiles is a "survivalist type."
Chester Arthur Stiles always carries a weapon.
Nye County District Attorney Bob Beckett said someone close to Chester Arthur Stiles has told investigators that Chester Arthur Stiles always carries a weapon.
De Meo addressed Chester Arthur Stiles directly.
De Meo said Chester Arthur Stiles should turn himself in to his local law enforcement agency.
De Meo said law enforcement has a long arm and a long memory.
De Meo said Chester Arthur Stiles will not be forgotten by members of this agency or any other law enforcement agency.
The FBI is seeking Chester Arthur Stiles on state charges of sexual assault.
The FBI is seeking Chester Arthur Stiles on state charges of lewdness with a minor under the age of 14.
De Meo said the FBI is seeking Chester Arthur Stiles on state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14 in a separate matter.
Police began calling Chester Arthur Stiles a suspect late Friday.
Police had called Chester Arthur Stiles a person of interest.
There appeared to be physical similarities between Chester Arthur Stiles and the man in the videotape.
De Meo said there appeared to be physical similarities between Chester Arthur Stiles and the man in the videotape.
De Meo said nothing he has seen in his career comes close to what the girl has gone through.
De Meo said whoever this person is is a predator.
De Meo believes the predator belongs in custody.
De Meo believes the predator should be in jail for as long as the law allows if successfully prosecuted.
Detectives said the child showed little emotion during the rapes.
Detectives indicated the child may have been brutalized before.
Nevadan Darren Tuck recently gave police the videotape.
Darren Tuck said he found the videotape in the desert.
De Meo said Darren Tuck recently gave police the videotape.
Police said the tape was in Darren Tuck's possession at least since May.
Darren Tuck handed the tape over to authorities.
Darren Tuck is being sought on a parole violation for failure to pay child support.
Police want to question Darren Tuck further.
Police have been unable to locate Darren Tuck.
Darren Tuck allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police.
Darren Tuck faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography.
Darren Tuck faces another one to six years for possession of child pornography.
De Meo said Darren Tuck faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography and another one to six years for possession of child pornography.
Harry Kuehn is Darren Tuck's attorney.
Harry Kuehn said this week on CNN's "Nancy Grace" that Darren Tuck was "racked by indecision" about what to do with the tape.
Harry Kuehn said Darren Tuck was "racked by indecision" about what to do with the tape once he realized what it was.
Harry Kuehn said he is not going to share why Darren Tuck was "racked by indecision."
Harry Kuehn said the reason goes to the defense of the matter.
Harry Kuehn said to consider what kind of concerns Darren Tuck had.
Harry Kuehn said Darren Tuck has previously dealt with the sheriff's office in Nye County.
Harry Kuehn said the previous dealings with the sheriff's office in Nye County were unsatisfactory.