Debra Lafave is a former Florida middle school teacher.
Debra Lafave was convicted of having sex with a student.
Debra Lafave violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker.
A Florida judge found that Debra Lafave violated her probation.
Debra Lafave was arrested after talking with a teenager.
Debra Lafave is not allowed to have contact with anyone under 18.
The judge did not send Debra Lafave to jail.
The judge stated that the violation was "not willful and substantial."
The judge scolded Debra Lafave by saying, "Please don't come back."
Debra Lafave was dressed in a tailored, black pantsuit.
Debra Lafave said she had "innocent" physical contact with a female co-worker.
Debra Lafave knew that the female co-worker was under age 18.
Debra Lafave and the 17-year-old hostess worked at Danny Boy's.
Danny Boy's is a small restaurant in the Tampa, Florida, area.
Debra Lafave pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy.
Debra Lafave was sentenced to three years under house arrest.
Debra Lafave was sentenced to seven years of probation.
Debra Lafave was required to register as a sex offender.
Debra Lafave was ordered not to have any contact with minors.
A tracking device that Debra Lafave carries went off in court.
The prosecutor observed, "I think she's accounted for."
Debra Lafave acknowledged that hugs and other forms of physical contact with minors violated terms of her probation.
Debra Lafave acknowledged that conversations about sex with minors violated terms of her probation.
Debra Lafave referred to the sexually explicit conversations at work as just "girl talk."
Debra Lafave denied talking about her sex life with co-workers.
Debra Lafave stated, "I don't speak that way about my personal life."
Debra Lafave added that her co-workers spoke freely about sex in a "small group setting."
Debra Lafave stated that the 17-year-old was not included in social outings with other co-workers.
Debra Lafave explained that she hugged the young co-worker because it was a small restaurant with a casual atmosphere.
Debra Lafave stated that co-workers felt like family.
Debra Lafave claimed that the contact came "out of my good nature."
The contacts that led to Thursday's probation violation hearing first surfaced during two polygraph tests.
The polygraph tests were administered as part of Debra Lafave's court-ordered supervision.
Debra Lafave received a verbal reprimand a year ago.
Debra Lafave's probation officer asked a judge to find her in violation when the behavior continued.
Debra Lafave was ordered to quit her restaurant job.
Debra Lafave now works as a receptionist in her mother's beauty shop.
Debra Lafave has said she suffers from bipolar disorder.
Debra Lafave is receiving treatment for bipolar disorder.