Relatives of the 89 people killed in the plane crash in Phuket continued to arrive in the Thai resort town on Tuesday.
The relatives are trying to identify their loved ones' remains.
A Buddhist monk blesses the wreckage of One-Two-Go airline's MD-82 jet at Phuket airport on Tuesday.
Most of the 89 people killed were foreign nationals.
About 36 of the bodies still have yet to be identified.
All of the unidentified victims were foreign nationals.
The U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said that five Americans were among those killed in the crash.
The One-Two-Go jet crashed in bad weather as it landed at Phuket's airport on Sunday.
U.S. officials had previously confirmed that four Americans died in the crash.
One American survived the crash.
Eight British nationals are believed to have died in the crash.
Foreign Secretary David Miliband said that three British nationals were still in hospital.
One British national is in critical condition.
Thailand's Public Health Minister Mongkol Na Songkhla said that of the 41 survivors who remain hospitalized, 38 were in stable condition.
Three survivors are in critical condition.
Flight 269 was carrying 123 passengers and seven crew members when it left Bangkok for Phuket on Sunday afternoon.
The nationalities of the survivors include British, American, Swedish, Iranian, Austrian, Australian, Thai, German, Irish, Italian, Israeli, and Dutch.
One man arrived in Phuket on Tuesday from Paris.
The man described a frustrating process of trying to communicate with Thai officials.
The man is trying to locate the remains of his brother.
For some families, DNA testing may be the only way to positively identify their relatives.
Buddhist, Christian, and Muslim leaders gathered outside Phuket's airport on Tuesday to remember those killed.
The investigation into what caused the crash continues.
Strong winds and rain are a suspected factor in the crash.
U.S. officials are aiding in the investigation.
The aircraft, a Boeing MD-82, was manufactured in the United States.
One air traffic controller at Phuket airport said pilots were warned of possible wind shear.
Wind shear is dramatic changes in wind speed and direction.
Airport officials said that the wind at the time of the crash was 17 kilometers an hour (11 miles an hour) with stronger gusts.
No planes were delayed or diverted because of the weather conditions.
The decision to land was the pilot's alone.
Phuket's airport manager said that air traffic control would give weather information to the pilot.
The final decision is dependent on the pilot.
One-Two-Go officials would not speculate on what may have happened.
One-Two-Go officials said they will wait for the findings of the investigation.
One-Two-Go officials said their aircraft were regularly checked and maintained.
One-Two-Go officials denied some media reports that questioned whether the discount airline employed more inexperienced pilots for lower salaries.
One-Two-Go is one of about 40 low-cost airlines operating in Asia.
The industry will be watching closely for the results of the investigation into the crash.