Three French journalists are charged in an alleged plot to kidnap African children for adoption in Europe.
The three French journalists arrived in Paris on Sunday.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy held emergency talks in Chad on Sunday.
Fourteen other people remain in custody in Chad.
Some of the fourteen people face serious charges that could send them to jail for up to 20 years.
The three French journalists were among seven Europeans released by a Chadian judge on Sunday.
The seven Europeans include a Spanish flight crew.
Nicolas Sarkozy dropped off the Spanish flight crew in Madrid on his way back from Chad.
All seven Europeans were arrested last week.
Workers from Zoe's Ark are accused of trying to fly 103 children out of Chad.
The operation by Zoe's Ark is described as a kidnapping and adoption operation.
Some of the children may never return to their families.
It is too difficult to determine the backgrounds of some of the children.
Inah Kaloga is a Red Cross spokeswoman.
Six members of the French charity remain under arrest in Chad.
Four Chadians remain under arrest in Chad.
Four members of the flight crew remain under arrest in Chad.
Some of the remaining individuals face kidnapping charges.
Some of the remaining individuals face fraud charges.
Eric Breteau is the leader of Zoe's Ark.
Eric Breteau testified to a court in the Chadian capital on Saturday.
The three journalists and the flight crew of seven Spaniards and a Belgian were not involved in the alleged plot according to court witnesses.
At least some of the flight crew are scheduled to testify before a judge on Monday.
The three journalists initially had been charged with complicity in the alleged kidnapping attempt.
It is not clear if the charges against the three journalists have been dropped.
Nicolas Sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released.
Nicolas Sarkozy stated that "We should respect the sovereignty of Chad."
Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero is the Spanish Prime Minister.
Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero thanked Nicolas Sarkozy for dropping the four Spanish flight crew members off in Spain.
Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero thanked Chadian President Idriss Deby for allowing the four Spanish flight crew members to return.
Nicolas Sarkozy stressed that the scandal would not affect the strong relations between France and Chad.
Nicolas Sarkozy stated that the scandal would not affect the planned deployment of a European force to protect refugees from Sudan's Darfur region.
The United Nations estimates that 200,000 people have been killed in four years of conflict in the Darfur region.
The charity claims that the children were orphans from the Darfur region.
The charity claims that the group was taking the children to host families in France.
Aid agencies stated that most of the children probably are not orphans.
Aid agencies stated that most of the children are not from Sudan.
Aid agencies stated that most of the children come from villages on the Chadian side of the border with Sudan.
The children are staying in an Abeche orphanage.
Aid agencies and government officials are trying to find out where the children came from.
The challenge of finding out where the children came from is hindered by the number of children.
The challenge of finding out where the children came from is hindered by the youth of the children.
The challenge of finding out where the children came from is hindered by the volatile situation in the region.
A father of three of the children allegedly kidnapped told a French newspaper that he put his children into the charity's care.
The father was told that his children would be educated at a school under construction in a nearby town.
The Chadian man gave his name as Arbab.
Arbab told Le Parisien that workers from Zoe's Ark had visited his village three times.
Arbab stated that "They never said they would take away our children."