Youssif is a 5-year-old boy.
Youssif held his sister's hand on Friday.
Youssif is wearing a facial mask often used to help burn victims.
Youssif turns 6 next Friday.
Zainab is Youssif's mother.
Zainab expressed happiness about Youssif's situation.
Zainab did not think the reaction to Youssif's story would be this big.
Youssif's father was on the roof of his house when CNN called him.
Youssif's father received news about the outpouring of support for Youssif.
Youssif's parents want to thank everyone who has come forward.
Youssif's parents knew there was kindness out there.
Youssif's father could not stop smiling.
Youssif's father tried to get help for Youssif in Baghdad.
Youssif's father left no stone unturned on a mission to help Youssif.
Youssif's family made many trips to the Ministry of Health.
Youssif's father put in a request to Iraq's parliament for help.
Youssif was grabbed by masked men outside his home on January 15.
Youssif was doused in gasoline and set on fire.
Youssif's parents put themselves in incredible danger by coming forward.
No one has been arrested or held accountable in Youssif's case.
The Children's Burn Foundation is a nonprofit organization based in Sherman Oaks, California.
The Children's Burn Foundation provides support for burn victims locally, nationally, and internationally.
The Children's Burn Foundation agreed to pay for the transportation for Youssif and his family to come to the United States.
The Children's Burn Foundation agreed to set up a fund for donations for Youssif.
The Children's Burn Foundation will cover all medical costs for Youssif.
The medical costs for Youssif include surgeries, housing costs, and any social rehabilitation that might be needed.
Surgeries for Youssif will be performed by Dr. Peter Grossman.
Dr. Peter Grossman is a plastic surgeon with the affiliated Grossman Burn Center.
Dr. Peter Grossman is donating his services for Youssif's cause.
Officials are trying to get the appropriate visas for Youssif's family's travels.
Barbara Friedman is the executive director of the Children's Burn Foundation.
Barbara Friedman said the foundation is prepared to have Youssif's family come to the United States.
Barbara Friedman said the foundation will set up housing for Youssif's family.
Barbara Friedman said the foundation will provide support for Youssif's family.
Barbara Friedman said treatment for Youssif will last from six months to a year.
Barbara Friedman said Youssif will undergo many surgeries.
Barbara Friedman said Youssif will receive the absolute best care available.
Youssif's parents know the treatment process will be lengthy and difficult.
Youssif's parents believe adjusting to their stay in America may not be easy.
Youssif's parents prioritize getting help for Youssif above all else.
Youssif's father said he will do anything for Youssif.
Youssif's father pulled Youssif closer to him.
Youssif's mother tried to coax Youssif to talk to the reporters.
Youssif did not want to talk to the reporters.
Youssif's mother said Youssif is shy outside of their home.
The biggest obstacle for Youssif's family is getting the visas to leave Iraq.
Youssif's family faces serious security risks every day and hour they remain in Iraq.
Youssif's family has new hope in the world.
Tens of thousands of CNN.com users were moved by Youssif's story.
Tens of thousands of CNN.com users wanted to act after hearing Youssif's story.
CNN Iraqi staff were overwhelmed with the generosity coming from people outside of Iraq.
Many people in Iraq feel abandoned by the rest of the world.
The realization of generosity from outside Iraq was refreshing.