Lindsay Lohan is facing legal troubles this week.
Lindsay Lohan may still get work after her legal problems are settled.
The cost of Lindsay Lohan getting work after her legal problems are settled will be high.
Whether companies insure Lindsay Lohan's future movies may determine whether Lindsay Lohan will quickly fall off Hollywood's A-list.
No actor is uninsurable according to underwriting experts.
Some producers may balk at conditions for hiring problematic stars.
Unless an actor is serving time in prison, even the most volatile actors can be covered.
Insurance can be obtained for a price.
An insurance carrier can make conditions so unpalatable that filmmakers may not be interested.
Lindsay Lohan was arrested this week in Los Angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession.
Hollywood is wondering if Lindsay Lohan is too risky to cast in a film.
It remains to be seen whether Lindsay Lohan's latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in "Poor Things."
"Poor Things" is a film produced by and starring Oscar-winner Shirley MacLaine.
A statement on whether "Poor Things" will proceed with or without Lindsay Lohan was expected early next week.
The film "Poor Things" was already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by Lindsay Lohan.
The industry has long dealt with situations similar to Lindsay Lohan's.
Situations similar to Lindsay Lohan's may seem more frequent with recent heavy media scrutiny of Lindsay Lohan, Paris Hilton, and Britney Spears.
Wendy Diaz does not think a problematic artist is any more of an issue than in previous years.
Wendy Diaz stated that the terms for covering Lindsay Lohan would likely be serious at this point.
Fireman's Fund would likely put in higher deductibles for covering Lindsay Lohan.
Fireman's Fund may ask Lindsay Lohan to put her salary into escrow to pay for any losses if production is disrupted.
A producer on Lindsay Lohan's last film, "Georgia Rule," publicly scolded Lindsay Lohan for repeatedly showing up late on the set.
Lindsay Lohan's lateness on the set of "Georgia Rule" cost the movie's makers hundreds of thousands of dollars.
Covering situations like Lindsay Lohan's requires a lot of calculation and risk management.
Insurance rates for errant actors can range from 1 percent to 3 percent of a movie's production budget.
A movie's production budget can range from $5 million to $100 million or more.
Filmmakers fall in love with certain actors for certain roles.
Actors are always required to undergo a medical exam before getting insurance.
In certain circumstances, drug screening is conducted for actors.
Actors are required to provide blood and urine samples in certain circumstances.
In cases of known drug abuse, "minders" are sometimes required on set to keep an eye on the actor.
Kingman has helped craft policies for actors at risk of incarceration.
Kingman has been successful in finding and creating incarceration coverage for certain actors on probation.
Incarceration coverage can be revoked if actors break certain rules.
Robert Downey Jr. is a high-profile star with a history of legal, drug, and alcohol problems.