Scottish Premier League leaders Celtic suffered a setback after being held 1-1 by managerless Hibernian on Saturday.
David Murphy's goals have earned Hibernian four points against Celtic this season.
Gordon Strachan's team heads the table by three points from Glasgow rivals Rangers.
Rangers have three games in hand ahead of Sunday's trip to Aberdeen.
Hibernian's manager John Collins resigned on Thursday citing a lack of financial backing from Hibernian's board.
Hibernian took the lead in the 20th minute through left-back David Murphy.
David Murphy played a one-two with Abdessalam Benjelloun.
David Murphy crashed a shot from the edge of the box past goalkeeper Mark Brown.
David Murphy's shot went in off the crossbar.
David Murphy's only other goal this season came in Hibernian's 1-0 win at Rangers on October 6.
Mark Brown kept out Merouane Zemmama's shot from just inside the Celtic half.
Mark Brown tipped over Brian Kerr's looping header three minutes after half-time.
Substitute Jiri Jarosik rescued Celtic from a first home SPL defeat this season in the 78th minute.
Jiri Jarosik was teed up by Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink.
Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink headed against the post with two minutes to play.
Hibernian held on despite having to play the final few minutes with 10 men.
Benjelloun was stretchered off with Hibernian's three substitutes already used.
The victory lifted Hibernian up into fifth place.
Celtic have taken just six points from the last five games.
Gordon Strachan confirmed he is hoping to sign Brazilian defender Coelho next month.
Gordon Strachan said Celtic needs to cut out silly mistakes.
Gordon Strachan stated that some of the goals Celtic has let in away from home this season are silly mistakes.
Gordon Strachan believes Celtic could have done something with every one of the goals conceded.
Gordon Strachan is happy with the number of chances Celtic has made in the last few weeks.
Gordon Strachan is unhappy with individual mistakes made by Celtic players.
Gordon Strachan stated that it has not been great to look at Celtic's performance.
Gordon Strachan said Celtic needs to cut out individual mistakes.
Gordon Strachan mentioned that there have been a lot of things going right for Celtic.
Gordon Strachan noted that one or two things have gone wrong for Celtic.
Gordon Strachan stated that Celtic has to deal with the mistakes.
Third-placed Motherwell missed the chance to move above Rangers after being beaten 3-0 at home by Falkirk.
Falkirk climbed to ninth place with two goals in the second half.
Michael Higdon scored one of Falkirk's goals in the second half.
Patrick Clegg scored another goal for Falkirk on 65 minutes.
Fourth-placed Dundee United lost 2-1 at home to bottom club Gretna.
Gretna's only two wins this season have come against Dundee United.
Kenny Deuchar put Gretna ahead in the 12th minute.
Striker Noel Hunt leveled for Dundee United on 29 minutes.
Nicky Deverdics scored the eventual winner for Gretna three minutes before half-time.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle won at Hearts by a scoreline of 3-2.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle led through Russell Duncan after 22 minutes.
John Rankin made it 2-0 for Inverness Caledonian Thistle with a 53rd-minute penalty.
Christophe Berra pulled one back for Hearts on 62 minutes.
Andrius Velicka leveled for Hearts from the spot in the 90th minute.
Graham Bayne scored a dramatic injury-time winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle lifted into the top six after the victory.
St Mirren drew 0-0 at home to Kilmarnock.
St Mirren is left seven points ahead of Gretna.