A man named John Lewis is a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Philadelphia police officer.
John Lewis was captured at a shelter in Miami, Florida, on Tuesday.
Philadelphia Police Commissioner Sylvester Johnson announced the capture at a news conference.
Miami Police Chief John Timoney was alerted by Philadelphia police about John Lewis.
John Lewis took a Miami-bound bus from Philadelphia.
Miami Police Chief John Timoney acted on information from Miami Rescue Mission.
Officers went to a homeless shelter to find John Lewis.
John Lewis is 6 feet tall and weighs 270 pounds.
John Lewis was apprehended unarmed and without incident.
It did not appear that anyone in Miami was helping John Lewis.
Miami Police Officer Gil Gonzalez said John Lewis had a Bible.
John Lewis was praying when Miami Police Officer Gil Gonzalez went to get him.
John Lewis had a look of guilt.
John Lewis had a look of shock.
Philadelphia Mayor John F. Street said people at the shelter recognized John Lewis from televised photos.
John Lewis is suspected in the October 31 shooting of Philadelphia Police Officer Chuck Cassidy.
Chuck Cassidy was shot in the head.
Chuck Cassidy inadvertently walked into a robbery in progress at a Dunkin' Donuts.
Chuck Cassidy died the next day.
Investigators told WPVI that John Lewis was spotted on security video boarding a bus to Miami on Saturday night.
Chuck Cassidy was one of three Philadelphia police officers shot in a four-day period last week.
Mariano Santiago was shot in the shoulder late last Tuesday.
Mariano Santiago is in fair condition.
Officer Sandra VanHinkle was shot early last Sunday.
Officer Sandra VanHinkle is out of the hospital and doing well.
Former co-workers of John Lewis spoke to WPVI.
Former co-workers of John Lewis were surprised by the allegations against him.
Kiani Clark told WPVI that John Lewis was so nice.
Kiani Clark told WPVI that John Lewis was really nice.
Kiani Clark told WPVI that John Lewis did not seem like the type that would hurt a fly.
The Associated Press reported that John Lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges.
The drug charges against John Lewis were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program.
John Lewis was arrested again in June on drug charges.
The case against John Lewis from June is still pending.