The acrimony from the Republican campaign trail carried over quickly into the CNN/YouTube GOP presidential debate on Wednesday. The CNN/YouTube GOP presidential debate marked the first time the Republican candidates faced off on the same stage in over a month. There are five weeks to go until the first contest of the 2008 nominating season. The Republican candidates engaged in a free-for-all during the debate. The Republican candidates tried to differentiate their views on immigration. The Republican candidates tried to differentiate their views on the Iraq war. The Republican candidates tried to differentiate their views on abortion. The Republican candidates tried to differentiate their views on gun control. The Republican candidates even discussed whether they believed every word in the Bible was true. Unlike previous debates, the candidates focused most of their attacks on each other during this debate. Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney traded jabs over illegal immigration. Giuliani and Romney have been arguing about illegal immigration on the campaign trail for the past month. Romney attacked Giuliani's record on illegal immigration. Giuliani promoted illegal immigration as mayor of New York City. Giuliani accused Romney of having a "sanctuary mansion" at his own home. Giuliani claimed there were six sanctuary cities during Romney's tenure. Giuliani claimed Romney did nothing about the six sanctuary cities. Giuliani claimed illegal immigrants were employed at Romney's home. Romney denied Giuliani's allegation. Romney and Giuliani raised their voices as they tried to talk over each other. Romney appealed to the hard-line immigration wing of the Republican Party. Romney turned some of his fire on the same topic toward former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee. Huckabee has been rising in the polls. Rep. Tom Tancredo anchored his candidacy on securing the borders. Tancredo expressed delight with the give and take during the debate. Tancredo said the other candidates were trying to "out-Tancredo" him. Huckabee drew one of the largest cheers of the night when he said he would abolish the Internal Revenue Service to control federal spending. Huckabee claimed most people in the country are more afraid of an audit than they are of a mugging. Sen. John McCain is the most hawkish of the candidates. Rep. Ron Paul is the most anti-war of the candidates. McCain and Paul tangled on two occasions over the Iraq war. Paul claimed bringing the troops home from Iraq would save "a trillion dollars." McCain claimed isolationism caused World War II. McCain's statement drew some hoots from the crowd. Paul questioned why he receives the most money from active duty officers and military personnel. A retired brigadier general, Keith Kerr, is gay. Kerr asked the candidates if they thought U.S. military personnel were professional enough to work with gay and lesbian troops. CNN learned that a June media release from the campaign of Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton listed Kerr as a member of its steering committee for gay and lesbian supporters. David Bohrman, CNN senior vice president and executive producer of the debate, said CNN regrets the incident. CNN would not have used Kerr's question had they known he was connected to any presidential candidate. Kerr told CNN after the debate that he has not worked for the Clinton campaign. Kerr said he was representing no one other than himself. Kerr is a member of the Log Cabin Republicans. The Log Cabin Republicans is a national gay and lesbian Republican grass-roots organization. CNN verified Kerr's military background prior to the debate. Kerr had not contributed money to any presidential candidate. Three of the GOP presidential hopefuls do not own guns: McCain, Giuliani, and Romney. Former Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson owns a couple of guns. Thompson will not disclose what guns he owns or where they are located. A viewer holding the Bible asked the candidates if they believe every word of the Bible. Huckabee said he believes the Bible is exactly what it is. Giuliani believes the Bible, but not "literally true in every respect." Romney stammered when asked if he believed every word of the Bible. Romney said the Bible is the word of God. Romney might interpret the word differently than others. Romney reads the Bible and believes it is the word of God. Romney said he was wrong in favoring a woman's right to choose. Romney's position when he was elected governor of Massachusetts was in favor of a woman's right to choose. Romney said if people are looking for someone who has never made a mistake on a policy issue, they will have to find somebody else. Romney admitted he was wrong on abortion. Romney's remarks came in response to a 30-second video produced for the debate by Thompson's campaign. The video included a clip of Romney expressing support for Roe vs. Wade during a 1994 debate against Sen. Ted Kennedy. Paul said the issue of what women and doctors should be charged with if abortion becomes illegal is not an issue for the president or the federal government. Paul said there is no need for a federal abortion police. Paul said the issue should be left to the states and courts. Thompson said he has never met a tax he liked. Thompson has a tax-cut bill on the table. Thompson does not do pledges to anyone but the American people. Thompson's response was met with a "Go, Fred, go!" from a member of the audience. Rep. Duncan Hunter said China is cheating on trade. Hunter said it is in the interest of the United States to stop China's cheating. Hunter suggested buying American this Christmas season might keep neighbors from losing their jobs. The candidates fielded video questions submitted by the public via the YouTube website. The debate was the first time the GOP candidates faced off on the same stage in over a month. CNN's political team viewed nearly 5,000 videos for the GOP debate. CNN's political team viewed about 2,000 more videos for the GOP debate than they saw for the Democrats' debate.