Attacks are down 75 percent in recent months in a perilous stretch of neighborhoods in northeastern Baghdad.
A U.S. military officer proclaimed that security in northeastern Baghdad is "dramatically improving."
Concerned citizens have helped U.S. troops improve security in parts of Baghdad.
People line the streets in northeastern Baghdad.
Cars congest the streets in northeastern Baghdad.
Trash collectors have returned to work in northeastern Baghdad.
Other city workers have returned to work in northeastern Baghdad.
Local leaders are holding community meetings again in northeastern Baghdad.
Markets have come back "like gangbusters" in northeastern Baghdad.
Army Col. Don Farris is the commander of the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division.
The largely Sunni al Qaeda in Iraq presence has been "crushed" since the beginning of May.
There are still dangers in northeastern Baghdad.
The threats posed by Iranian-backed Shiite militants are notable dangers in northeastern Baghdad.
Army Col. Don Farris spoke to Pentagon reporters via video link from Baghdad.
Army Col. Don Farris cited several factors that contributed to the improving security situation.
The "surge" is one factor that contributed to the improving security situation.
The additional U.S. troops deployed earlier this year is part of the "surge."
The cease-fire by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's Mehdi Army is helping improve the security situation.
A program that employs "concerned local citizens" to assist U.S. and Iraqi forces is helping improve the security situation.
Some of the concerned local citizens are members of local Sunni "awakening councils."
Local Sunni "awakening councils" are comprised of former militants.
Former militants in local Sunni "awakening councils" are often armed.
Local Sunni "awakening councils" create neighborhood watch groups to root out insurgent elements in an area.
Civic and religious leaders have seen outsiders operating in the area in the last six weeks.
Troops have made arrests in the area.
Two Iranian operatives were among those arrested in the area.
Army Col. Don Farris said that improving security in the area is working from his perspective.
Army Col. Don Farris can only speak to what he sees in his sector.
Army Col. Don Farris is encouraged by the improving security in his sector.
Army Col. Don Farris' sector includes the Sunni-dominated district of Adhamiya.
Army Col. Don Farris' sector includes Sadr City, the Shiite slum.
Militants have demonstrated a strong presence in Sadr City.
Many communities in Army Col. Don Farris' area have been wracked with sectarian warfare.
Many communities in Army Col. Don Farris' area have been terrorized by insurgents.
Many communities in Army Col. Don Farris' area have been terrorized by death squads.
Despite improvements in the security situation, Army Col. Don Farris warned that there is still a lot of work to do.
There does not appear to be any sign that Shiite extremists with links to Iran are halting their activities.
Troops are still finding explosively formed penetrators in Army Col. Don Farris' sector.
Explosively formed penetrators are often delivered or manufactured by Iran.
Nine explosively formed penetrators were found in late October.
There are intelligence reports indicating that weapons are still flowing into Sadr City.
There are intelligence reports indicating that money is still flowing into Sadr City.
There are problems returning refugees to their homes in the area.
There are problems returning displaced people to their homes in the area.
Essential services like water and electricity are not yet up to snuff in the area.
A "trickle" of families has returned home in the area.
Many families are asking when they can return home in the area.
Army Col. Don Farris believes that residents will return en masse only when basic services are in better shape.
Paul Folmsbee is a State Department provincial reconstruction team leader.
Paul Folmsbee said that his personnel is handling development issues involving law, governance, economic development, and essential services.
Army Col. Don Farris' remarks echo a string of similar assertions made by U.S. and Iraqi military officials.
U.S. and Iraqi military officials say they are seeing signs of Sunni-Shiite reconciliation.
Brig. Gen. Ed Cardon is the deputy commander for support of Multi-National Division-Center.
Brig. Gen. Ed Cardon discussed a "definite period of progress" in his region on the southern Baghdad outskirts.