A young girl was raped while in the care of a babysitter hired by the girl's mother. Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, of Nevada is being sought as a suspect in the videotaped rape of the young girl. The girl's mother did not know her daughter had ever been victimized. The girl's mother was oblivious to efforts to find her until last Friday. A family friend called the girl's mother and said, "My God, you need to turn on the TV. I believe that is your daughter." The girl's mother recognized the suspect, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, a former animal trainer. The abuse most likely occurred while the girl's mother was at work. The girl's mother is a single woman working six days a week. The attorney knows who the babysitter is but will not release that information because of the ongoing investigation. The girl is now 7 years old. The girl was 3 years old at the time the video was made. The attorney stated that the abuse occurred before the girl was 3 years old. The girl's mother asked that the news media leave the family alone. The girl's mother requested the press to respect her family's privacy. The girl's mother requested the press to not attempt to contact her daughter or herself. The girl's mother is cooperating with investigators. The girl's mother stated that her daughter "is safe and healthy." The girl's videotaped rape set off a nationwide search last week. The girl was found Friday with family in Las Vegas, Nevada, after thousands of tips poured in. Professionals have evaluated the girl, and she appears to be "healthy and fine and happy." The lawyer stated that neither he nor the girl's mother has watched the videotape. The girl's mother is not thankful to the news media for having published the girl's picture. The lawyer hopes the man in the tape is brought to justice. The lawyer referred to a desired outcome as "Wild-West justice." The intense manhunt for Chester Arthur Stiles continued Tuesday. Tina Allen, Stiles' former girlfriend, thinks she is the reason Stiles came in contact with the girl. Tina Allen is "mortified" by the allegations against Stiles. Tina Allen and Chester Arthur Stiles were in an on-again, off-again relationship for 10 years until recently. Tina Allen called off the relationship with Chester Arthur Stiles. Chester Arthur Stiles claimed he had been in the Navy. Tina Allen was looking for a strong guy to represent to her sons what she thought they needed to be. Tina Allen took Chester Arthur Stiles to a crowded apartment where her son and daughter lived. A family friend and her daughter, who allegedly was victimized by Chester Arthur Stiles, also lived in the apartment. Tina Allen is disgusted by the alleged rape. Tina Allen feels ashamed, embarrassed, and mortified by the alleged rape. Tina Allen regrets every step she ever took regarding Chester Arthur Stiles. Tina Allen feels bad for the baby. The FBI is seeking Chester Arthur Stiles in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14. Pahrump, Nevada, is about 60 miles west of Las Vegas. A man found the tape in the desert and held it for at least five months before handing it over to authorities. The man turned himself in Sunday to Nye County officials. Darren Tuck is a Nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police. Darren Tuck faces charges of exhibiting pornography and possession of child pornography.