Democratic Senator Barack Obama kicked off a series of local outreach gospel concerts on Friday in Charleston, South Carolina.
The gospel concerts unexpectedly came back to bite Barack Obama's campaign.
Barack Obama is competing for the black vote with Hillary Clinton.
The concerts were meant to boost black voters' support for Barack Obama's presidential nominee bid.
The events would normally fly under the national radar.
The ensuing controversy highlighted that Barack Obama's desire to unite disparate voting blocs is not without serious pitfalls.
The campaign announced the lineups for the three-city "Embrace the Change!" gospel tour last week.
One name stood out to gay bloggers: Donnie McClurkin.
Donnie McClurkin is a Grammy-award winning singer.
Donnie McClurkin is on record as saying that homosexuality is a choice.
Donnie McClurkin stated that he was "once involved with those desires and those thoughts" but was able to get past them through prayer.
Neither of Donnie McClurkin's arguments is very popular in the gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender community.
John Aravosis is a prominent gay blogger and co-founder of the Web site AmericaBlog.
John Aravosis led the charge against the Obama campaign.
John Aravosis wrote that Barack Obama was "sucking up to anti-gay bigots" and "giving them a stage."
The story bubbled up into the mainstream media.
The story took the Obama campaign by surprise.
Barack Obama's efforts in South Carolina have overwhelmingly targeted African-American churchgoers.
Barack Obama is trying to win over black voters in South Carolina from rival Senator Hillary Clinton.
The campaign has vigorously promoted Barack Obama's faith.
The campaign launched "40 Days of Faith and Family" in September.
"40 Days of Faith and Family" used Bible study groups to tap into the black electorate.
Campaigners have run three radio ads.
One of the radio ads called Barack Obama a "Christian family man."
The radio ads aired on gospel stations across South Carolina.
Earlier this month, Barack Obama spoke at an evangelical church in Greenville.
Barack Obama demonstrated a casual familiarity with Christian vocabulary during his speech.
Barack Obama told the crowd that "I am confident that we can create a kingdom right here on Earth."
The crowd applauded Barack Obama's statement.
After that appearance, the Obama campaign told CNN that Republicans no longer had a choke hold on issues of faith and values.
Barack Obama stated that "what you're seeing is a breaking down of the sharp divisions that existed maybe during the '90s."
Barack Obama said that the perception was that the Democrats were fearful of talking about faith.
Barack Obama stated that Republicans had a particular brand of faith that oftentimes seemed intolerant or pushed people away.
Barack Obama was forced to confront the uncomfortable truth that some Christians and gays are a little more than just strange bedfellows.
Barack Obama issued a statement saying that "I strongly disagree with Reverend [Donnie] McClurkin's views."
Barack Obama will continue to fight for these rights as president of the United States.
Barack Obama argued that it is important to confront homophobia among religious African Americans.
A September poll of African Americans in South Carolina by Winthrop University and ETV showed that 62 percent of those surveyed said that "sex between two adults of the same sex" is "strongly unacceptable."
Barack Obama held a conference call on Wednesday with Joe Solomonese.
Joe Solomonese is the president of the Human Rights Campaign.
Barack Obama announced that Reverend Andy Sidden will appear at the same event as Donnie McClurkin on Sunday in Columbia.
Reverend Andy Sidden is an openly gay South Carolina pastor.
Joe Solomonese was not completely assuaged by Barack Obama's announcement.
Joe Solomonese stated that he spoke with Senator Barack Obama and expressed the community's disappointment for his decision to remain associated with Reverend Donnie McClurkin.
Reverend Donnie McClurkin is an anti-gay preacher.
Reverend Donnie McClurkin states the need to "break the curse of homosexuality."
There is no gospel in Donnie McClurkin's message for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people and their allies.
Donnie McClurkin's message does not belong on any presidential candidate's stage.
The State newspaper in Columbia reported that Barack Obama organized a conference call on Thursday night with gay and lesbian leaders.
After the call, the South Carolina Gay and Lesbian Pride Movement announced it will hold a protest vigil outside Sunday's concert in Columbia.
Obama aides believe that Barack Obama is a candidate of real, transformational change.
Obama aides believe that uproars like the McClurkin controversy are necessary speed bumps on the road to bringing people with opposing viewpoints together.
Barack Obama's refusal to kick Donnie McClurkin off the concert bill might hurt him.
The impact of the controversy depends on how much it resonates with voters in crucial early states.
The crucial early states include Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina.
In South Carolina, African Americans make up about half of Democratic primary-goers.
Voters in South Carolina might not have a problem with Donnie McClurkin at all.