Conditions that created what California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger dubbed "the perfect storm for fire" eased on Wednesday.
Firefighters gained ground against devastating Southern California wildfires on Wednesday.
A plane dropped fire retardant on the fourth day of a wildfire pushed by winds through Pauma Valley, California.
Winds that gusted as much as 101 mph on Sunday dropped to about 30 mph on Wednesday evening.
The dry Santa Ana winds changed direction and began blowing inland from the Pacific Ocean.
The change in wind direction increased the humidity.
The change in wind direction eased the burden on almost 8,900 firefighters in the area.
The destruction from the wildfires was taking its toll on the men and women on the front lines of the fires.
Firefighter Andy Menshek stated that it hurts firefighters to have homes lost.
Firefighter Andy Menshek stated that it hurts firefighters to have injuries.
Firefighter Andy Menshek stated that it is frustrating for firefighters to watch the community be devastated by the fires.
Officials allowed people to return to communities that had been off-limits because of intense flames and dense smoke.
Mark Davis's two-story Rancho Bernardo house burned to the ground.
Mark Davis stated that his house was home.
Mark Davis stated that he had been in his house for 28 years.
Mark Davis stated that his house had a lot of his flavor.
The change in the weather allowed firefighting aircraft to finally fly.
California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection Capt. Scott McLean called the droning sound of aircraft the "sound of joy."
Capt. Scott McLean stated that the drops from aircraft are hitting their mark because the wind is not there.
The rate of burning had slowed significantly by Wednesday.
The fire damage increased to 434,543 acres by Wednesday.
The increase in fire damage amounted to 679 square miles.
The increase in fire damage is about 10 times the size of Washington, D.C.
By Wednesday evening, the largest fire, the Witch in northern San Diego County, was 10 percent contained.
The Witch fire burned about 196,000 acres before combining with the smaller Poomacha blaze.
Seven fires among the 22 counted on Wednesday were contained.
The Buckweed Fire in Los Angeles County was as much as 94 percent contained.
One large fire was a suspected arson.
The FBI and the Orange County Fire Authority are investigating the Santiago fire.
The Santiago fire has burned more than 19,000 acres.
All three points of origin of the Santiago fire have been declared crime scenes.
Jim Amornino is a spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff's Department.
A $70,000 reward is being offered for any information leading to the arrest of those responsible for setting the Santiago fire.
The Santiago fire was about 50 percent contained after destroying 17 structures.
The smaller Rosa fire in Riverside County was 70 percent contained at just over 400 acres.
The Rosa fire was also probably arson, according to state officials.
Residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding San Diego as the fire danger eased.
The neighborhoods surrounding San Diego include Del Mar Highlands, Encinitas, Solana Beach, Carmel Valley, Chula Vista, and Otay Mesa.
Helicopters were back in the air over the Lake Arrowhead, California, area after all air activity had been suspended because of extremely smoky skies.
CNN's Ted Rowlands stood in the midst of charred, smoldering rubble in Running Springs.
The rubble in Running Springs was strewn with potentially deadly power lines.
Ted Rowlands stated that it will be a while before people will come back to Running Springs.
Ted Rowlands stated that when people do come back, they will have charred rubble to look at.
About 500 homes were lost in the mountainous region in San Bernardino County east of Los Angeles.
The fires have already destroyed 1,664 structures.
The fires have already destroyed 1,436 homes.
The fires still threaten 25,000 more structures, according to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The blazes have killed three people.
The blazes have left 40 people hurt, according to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.
The governor will fly over the area on Thursday with President Bush.
President Bush signed a major disaster declaration on Wednesday.
The major disaster declaration will speed federal dollars to people whose property losses are not covered by insurance.
The major disaster declaration will help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response.
The cost of homes destroyed by the wildfires is likely to top $1 billion in San Diego County alone, according to an emergency official.
Federal help keeps arriving.
Officials promise a response based on lessons learned from Hurricane Katrina.
People left homeless by the fires can go online to apply for federal help at FEMA.gov.
There were 76,000 people staying in the 42 shelters opened in San Diego County on Wednesday morning.
San Diego emergency spokeswoman Lynda Pfieffer provided the number of people staying in shelters.
Qualcomm Stadium housed 11,000 evacuees at the peak of the disaster.
The number of evacuees at Qualcomm Stadium dropped to 5,000 on Wednesday morning.