Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf declared a state of emergency on Saturday.
Pervez Musharraf ordered troops to take a television station's equipment.
Pervez Musharraf put popular opposition leader Javed Hashmi under house arrest.
Pervez Musharraf explained his actions in a televised address on Saturday.
Pervez Musharraf suspended the constitution.
Pervez Musharraf dismissed the Pakistan Supreme Court's chief justice for the second time.
Police arrested Javed Hashmi, the acting president of ex-Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's opposition party.
Ten aides of Javed Hashmi were arrested.
Javed Hashmi was arrested when he stepped outside his house in Multan.
The country is at a critical and dangerous juncture.
Rising tensions and spreading terrorism threaten Pakistan.
Pervez Musharraf stated his actions were "for the good of Pakistan."
The Supreme Court declared the state of emergency illegal.
Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry claimed Pervez Musharraf had no power to suspend the constitution.
Government troops came to Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry's office.
Government troops told Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry that Pervez Musharraf had dismissed him from his job.
Justice Abdul Hameed Dogar was appointed to replace Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry.
This was the second time Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry was removed from his post.
Pervez Musharraf complained that the media have not been supportive.
Pervez Musharraf stated the media have reported "negative" news.
Two dozen policemen raided the offices of AAJ-TV in Islamabad.
The policemen said they had orders to take AAJ-TV's equipment.
The government issued a directive warning the media against criticism of the president or prime minister.
Criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $70,000.
Talat Hussain is the director of news and current affairs for AAJ.
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice stated that the United States does not support any extra-constitutional measures taken by Pervez Musharraf.
Condoleezza Rice said the situation in Pakistan is just unfolding.
Condoleezza Rice stated that anything that takes Pakistan off the democratic path is a step backward.
A senior Pakistani official said the emergency declaration will be "short-lived."
The emergency declaration will be followed by an interim government.
Martial law is only a way to restore law and order, according to a senior Pakistani official.
Mahmud Ali Durrani is Pakistan's ambassador to the United States.
Mahmud Ali Durrani assured that Pervez Musharraf will move on the part of democracy that is promised.
Pervez Musharraf was re-elected president in October.
The election is not yet legally official.
The Supreme Court is hearing constitutional challenges to Pervez Musharraf's eligibility filed by the opposition.
Under the constitution, Pervez Musharraf could not run for another term while serving as both president and military leader.
The court allowed the election to go ahead.
The court stated it would decide the issue later.
Some speculated that the declaration of emergency is tied to rumors the court was planning to rule against Pervez Musharraf.
Pervez Musharraf has said repeatedly he will step down as military leader before the next term begins on November 15.
Pervez Musharraf has promised to hold parliamentary elections by January 15.
Popular opposition leader Imran Khan stated that police surrounded his house in Lahore.
Police barged into Imran Khan's house and told him he was under house arrest.
Pervez Musharraf had Imran Khan placed under house arrest during a government crackdown in March 2006.
Imran Khan stated that he and others are going to oppose Pervez Musharraf's actions in every way.
Imran Khan does not accept the situation regarding the emergency.
Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto described a "wave of disappointment" at Pervez Musharraf's actions.
Benazir Bhutto arrived in Karachi on Saturday from Dubai.
Benazir Bhutto had gone to Dubai to visit her family.
Benazir Bhutto wants to lift her Pakistan People's Party to victory in January's parliamentary election.
Benazir Bhutto hopes to have a third term as prime minister.
The political atmosphere in Pakistan has been tense for months.
Pakistani leaders considered a state of emergency in August.
Pakistani leaders considered a state of emergency because of growing security threats in the country's lawless tribal regions.
Pervez Musharraf held off on declaring a state of emergency, influenced in part by Condoleezza Rice.
Pervez Musharraf led the 1999 coup as Pakistan's army chief.
Pervez Musharraf has seen his power erode since the failed effort to oust Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry.
Pervez Musharraf's administration is struggling to contain a surge in Islamic militancy.