China has suspended exports of the Aqua Dots toys contaminated with a chemical. The chemical can convert to a powerful "date rape" drug. The state-run Xinhua news agency reported the suspension on Saturday. The Aqua Dots toys have caused some children to vomit. The Aqua Dots toys have caused some children to lose consciousness. China suspended exports of the Aqua Dots toys that contain a chemical that converts into a "date rape" drug. The General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection, and Quarantine (AQSIQ) has ordered an investigation by quality control agencies. The AQSIQ will release investigation results as soon as they are available. The AQSIQ did not reveal the name of the toys' producer. U.S. safety officials voluntarily recalled about 4.2 million of the Chinese-made toys on Wednesday. Scientists have found that the Aqua Dots toys contain a chemical that converts into the toxic "date rape" drug GHB (gamma-hydroxy butyrate). Scott Wolfson is a spokesman with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC). The CPSC warned that children who swallow the beads can become comatose. The CPSC warned that children who swallow the beads can develop respiratory depression. The CPSC warned that children who swallow the beads can have seizures. The arts-and-craft beads have been selling since April at major U.S. retail stores under the name "Aqua Dots." The Aqua Dots toys have also been distributed in Australia under the name "Bindeez Beads." The Bindeez toys were recalled on Tuesday by Melbourne-based Moose Enterprise Pty. Ltd. Three children in Australia swallowed large quantities of the Bindeez beads. Three children in Australia were hospitalized after swallowing large quantities of the Bindeez beads. Heather Lehane is the mother of a 10-year-old daughter named Charlotte. Charlotte was hospitalized in Australia after ingesting some of the beads. The Washington-based safety commission has received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads. The Aqua Dots beads are part of a craft kit aimed at kids 4 years and older. A boy nearly 2 years old swallowed several dozen Aqua Dots beads. The boy became dizzy after swallowing the beads. The boy vomited several times after swallowing the beads. The boy slipped into a comatose state for a period of time. The toddler was hospitalized after swallowing the beads. The toddler has since fully recovered. The second incident involved a child who vomited after swallowing the beads. The second incident involved a child who fell into a coma after swallowing the beads. The second incident involved a child who was hospitalized for five days. It was not immediately clear whether the second child had made a full recovery. Toronto-based toy distributor Spin Master Ltd. stopped shipping the Aqua Dots toys. Spin Master Ltd. asked retailers to pull the Aqua Dots toys off their shelves. The Aqua Dots toys were previously sold for $17 to $30. Anyone with Aqua Dots at home should return the product to the company. Julie Vallese is a CPSC spokeswoman. The Aqua Dots toy had been named toy of the year in Australia. The Aqua Dots toy recently crested Wal-Mart's list of top 12 Christmas toys. Wal-Mart listed the Aqua Dots toys on its Web site as "out of stock online." Wal-Mart removed the Aqua Dots toys from their top toy list. This latest recall is part of a larger batch of recalls of Chinese-made toys. Last month, U.S. government safety officials and retailers voluntarily recalled at least 69,000 Chinese-made toys. The recalls were due to concerns of excessive amounts of lead paint. Excessive amounts of lead paint can cause hazardous lead poisoning.