President George W. Bush vetoed a $600 billion spending bill on Tuesday.
President George W. Bush accused Democratic leaders of wasting money.
President George W. Bush accused Democratic leaders of plotting tax increases.
President George W. Bush took his budget fight with Congress on the road.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress should cut spending.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress should send him a responsible measure that he can sign into law.
President George W. Bush said that the majority was elected on a pledge of fiscal responsibility.
President George W. Bush said that Congress is acting like a teenager with a new credit card.
The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush was laden with $10 billion in "pork."
The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush would have funded the departments of Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services.
The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush would have funded a prison museum.
The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush would have funded a sailing school.
The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush would have funded a program to teach Portuguese.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress needs to cut out the pork.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress needs to reduce spending.
Polls show that President George W. Bush's popularity remains at near-record lows.
Congress ranks lower than President George W. Bush as a whole.
President George W. Bush has taken numerous opportunities to mock the spending habits of the Democratic leadership.
President George W. Bush has taken numerous opportunities to force confrontations over the appropriations bills needed to fund the government for the 2008 budget year.
The 2008 budget year began on October 1.
The bill vetoed by President George W. Bush includes about $150 billion to run the departments of Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services.
The bill vetoed by President George W. Bush includes more than $450 billion in mandatory spending on Medicare and Medicaid.
Medicare and Medicaid are federal health care programs for the elderly and poor.
Rep. David Obey is the chairman of the House Appropriations Committee.
Rep. David Obey called President George W. Bush's veto "not responsible and not credible."
Rep. David Obey stated that the bill is a bipartisan bill supported by over 50 Republicans.
Rep. David Obey stated that there has been virtually no criticism of the contents of the bill.
Rep. David Obey stated that the only reason President George W. Bush vetoed the bill is pure politics.
President George W. Bush stated that Democrats are supporting $22 billion in additional spending beyond his budget proposals this year.
President George W. Bush stated that Democrats are supporting $205 billion in additional spending over five years.
President George W. Bush stated that the additional spending would ultimately be raised by tax increases.
President George W. Bush stated that when the bill for all that spending comes due, Congress is going to turn to the working people.
President George W. Bush stated that when the bill for all that spending comes due, Congress is going to turn to small-business owners.
President George W. Bush stated that when the bill for all that spending comes due, Congress is going to turn to entrepreneurs.
Tuesday's veto is the fifth veto cast by President George W. Bush since Democrats took control of Congress in 2006.
Congress has overridden one of President George W. Bush's vetoes.
Congress voted last week to authorize $23 billion in water projects nationwide over President George W. Bush's objections.
Democrats will schedule another override vote this week.
An aide to House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer stated that Democrats will schedule another override vote this week.
Antonia Ferrier is the spokeswoman for House Republican Whip Roy Blunt.
Antonia Ferrier stated that President George W. Bush's GOP allies are confident they will be able to sustain the veto.
President George W. Bush signed a $470 billion Pentagon spending bill.
The Pentagon spending bill covers the Defense Department's normal operations.
Democrats split $50 billion in spending for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan off into a "bridge fund."
Democrats plan to attach demands for President George W. Bush to withdraw U.S. combat troops to the "bridge fund."
The measure sets up another confrontation with the White House.
President George W. Bush demanded that Congress reform the alternative minimum tax.
The alternative minimum tax was originally aimed at preventing the wealthy from evading taxes.
The alternative minimum tax increasingly affects middle-class earners.
President George W. Bush stated that a plan proposed by Rep. Charles Rangel to eliminate the alternative minimum tax was unacceptable.
President George W. Bush stated that preventing a tax increase in one area should not be an excuse for raising taxes in other areas.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress should eliminate the tax increases in the bill.
President George W. Bush stated that Congress should send the alternative minimum tax relief to his desk as soon as possible.
The elimination of the alternative minimum tax would cause an estimated $800 billion to be lost over 10 years.
Rep. Charles Rangel's bill would add a 4 percent surtax on individual incomes over $100,000 after deductions.
Rep. Charles Rangel's bill would close corporate tax loopholes.
Rep. Charles Rangel's bill would cut rates for many individual and corporate taxpayers.
Republicans have already started calling Rep. Charles Rangel's bill "the mother of all tax increases."
President George W. Bush stated that raising taxes is one of the most unwise things Congress could possibly do.
President George W. Bush acknowledged the difficulties Americans face from high fuel prices.
President George W. Bush acknowledged the difficulties Americans face from a challenged housing market.
President George W. Bush acknowledged the difficulties Americans face from uncertainty in financial markets stemming from the collapse of the subprime mortgage market.
President George W. Bush stated that the economy is resilient.
President George W. Bush stated that it is important for the American people to understand that the economy is resilient.