Authorities in Azerbaijan uncovered a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. Embassy in the capital, Baku.
The U.S. Embassy in Baku closed its doors to the public on Monday.
Azerbaijan officials told CNN about the closure of the U.S. Embassy.
U.S. officials told CNN about the closure of the U.S. Embassy.
Britain shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday.
Britain's Foreign Office stated that the closure was due to security concerns nearby.
The terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside Baku.
The weekend raid netted several suspected members of the radical group.
Two U.S. officials asked not to be identified.
A spokesman for Azerbaijan's National Security Ministry told CNN about the raid.
U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack stressed that the details are still unfolding.
Sean McCormack stated that the threat may or may not be linked to the Saturday raid.
There was specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy.
Militants planned to do harm to individuals in and around the U.S. Embassy in Baku.
No specific individuals were targeted in the threat.
An Azerbaijani army officer seized four assault rifles from his military unit.
An Azerbaijani army officer seized a machine gun from his military unit.
An Azerbaijani army officer seized 20 hand grenades from his military unit.
The Azerbaijani army officer hid the weapons in the outskirts of Baku.
Government security forces tracked down the group.
Government security forces arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday.
The sweep occurred in the village of Mastaga.
Mastaga is about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Baku.
One suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest.
One suspected member of the militant group was killed in the sweep.
Several other suspected members of the militant group are still at large.
The terror plot also targeted Azerbaijani government buildings.
The U.S. Embassy in Baku issued a warden message warning Americans in Azerbaijan.
The warden message encouraged Americans to take precautions.
There is no information at this time that other American or Western interests in Azerbaijan are being targeted.
The U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance.
The U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security.
Azerbaijan is a former Soviet republic.
Azerbaijan borders the Caspian Sea.
Azerbaijan lies just north of Iran.
Sean McCormack stated that U.S. authorities are working closely with their counterparts in Baku.
U.S. authorities will determine when normal embassy operations will resume.
Sean McCormack expects the embassy to limit its operations on Tuesday.