Ann Curley is the assignment manager for the CNN Medical News unit.
Ann Curley has been a type I diabetic for 40 years.
Ann Curley uses a pump attached to a catheter in her body to monitor glucose levels.
Ann Curley uses a pump attached to a catheter in her body to administer insulin.
Ann Curley was 7 years old when her mother took her to the doctor.
Ann Curley lost a lot of weight despite having a voracious appetite.
Ann Curley's family moved from the San Francisco Bay Area to Pasadena, California.
Ann Curley visited the doctor's office for the first time when she was 7 years old.
Dr. Robert Deputy diagnosed Ann Curley with diabetes.
Dr. Robert Deputy was Ann Curley's pediatrician.
Dr. Robert Deputy spoke directly to Ann Curley during the visit.
Dr. Robert Deputy asked Ann Curley if she felt thirsty.
Dr. Robert Deputy asked Ann Curley if she needed to urinate during the night.
Ann Curley answered yes to both questions asked by Dr. Robert Deputy.
Dr. Robert Deputy asked for a urine sample from Ann Curley.
The result of Ann Curley's urine sample was immediate.
Dr. Robert Deputy told Ann Curley and her mother that Ann Curley's body wasn't processing sugar properly.
Ann Curley had diabetes.
Ann Curley was checked into a hospital to learn how to test her urine for sugar.
Ann Curley was checked into a hospital to learn how to give herself injections of insulin.
Ann Curley was checked into a hospital to learn how to follow a diabetic diet.
Ann Curley was checked into a hospital to learn how to control her diabetes.
Ann Curley spent several days in the hospital learning how to manage her disease.
Ann Curley was sent home after spending several days in the hospital.
Dr. Robert Deputy called Ann Curley's house each afternoon to check on her.
Dr. Robert Deputy wanted Ann Curley to be self-sufficient.
Dr. Robert Deputy wanted Ann Curley to be responsible for monitoring herself.
Ann Curley refused to let her parents give her injections.
Ann Curley refused to let her parents test her urine.
Ann Curley's demand for self-sufficiency turned out to be one of her best life lessons.
Some diabetics may feel their disease is a burden.
Ann Curley feels that being diagnosed with diabetes was a blessing in disguise.
Being diagnosed with diabetes forced Ann Curley's family to eat healthily.
Being diagnosed with diabetes taught Ann Curley about good nutrition.
Ann Curley practices good nutrition every day.
Ann Curley knows carbohydrate counts in most foods.
Ann Curley understands dietary concepts that most people do not care about.
Being active is a way to burn off high blood sugar.
When Ann Curley's urine tested positive for glucose, her older sister Robin was in charge of exercising her.
Ann Curley and her three sisters had countless jump-rope contests.
Ann Curley and her three sisters had bike rides.
Ann Curley and her three sisters had roller-skating excursions.
Ann Curley felt like a little mad scientist using a test tube with drops of water, urine, and fizzy tablets.
Ann Curley used a test tube to see if there was sugar in her urine.
Test strips were developed that could be dipped in urine to reveal whether sugar was present.
Testing urine for sugar was a primitive method.
By the time sugar gets into the urine, it is a signal that the body doesn't have enough insulin to process sugar.
The urine test did not give an actual number for the amount of sugar in the urine.
The urine test simply gave a color reading that corresponded with a range of how much sugar was present in the urine.
Inaccurate was really an understatement when talking about urine testing.
Home blood glucose testing kits became available in the early 1980s.
Home blood glucose testing kits were a huge move toward precise control and management of diabetes.
With the blood glucose testing kit, the diabetic uses a device to poke a finger and produce a drop of blood.
The blood is placed on a test strip that fits into a device.
The device produces a reading of the blood glucose within seconds.
Ann Curley initially balked at the idea of pricking her finger several times a day.
Ann Curley cannot imagine not pricking her finger to monitor her blood sugar.
The 1980s saw the advent of the insulin pump.
The insulin pump is the size of a pager.
The insulin pump contains a reservoir filled with insulin.
The reservoir of the insulin pump connects to a tube.
The tube infuses insulin into the body with a tiny plastic shunt.
The insulin pump drips insulin into the body to keep blood sugars constant.
The insulin pump gives extra amounts of insulin with meals.
Ann Curley discovered the continuous glucose monitor in the last year.
The continuous glucose monitor is a small device inserted into the tissue.
The continuous glucose monitor is usually inserted into the abdomen, hip, or leg.
The continuous glucose monitor has a tiny sensor that reads the glucose level of the body's fluids.
The data from the continuous glucose monitor is transmitted to a receiver.
Patients can see a constant reading of their blood sugar levels using the continuous glucose monitor.
Ann Curley participated in clinical trials for three different continuous glucose monitor devices.
Ann Curley found all three continuous glucose monitor devices to be quite accurate.
Some continuous glucose monitor sensors transmit data directly to an insulin pump.
Diabetics can use the reading from continuous glucose monitor sensors to adjust the amount of insulin being pumped into the body.
The patient still has to test their blood sugar to confirm the sensor is properly calibrated.
It is amazing to be able to see constant readings and graphs of blood sugar levels.
Continuous glucose monitor technology is a step toward the ultimate goal of controlling type I diabetes using a closed loop system.
The closed loop system means diabetics will someday be able to wear a pump that gathers data from a sensor.
The sensor in the closed loop system will be so precise that the pump can be programmed to act on its own.
The pump in the closed loop system can make adjustments all by itself.
The current systems are open looped.
In open loop systems, the diabetic controls when the doses are given.
The goal is to eventually create a pump that is more like a robotic delivery system.
All the patient has to do is wear the robotic delivery system.
Once the robotic delivery system technology is perfected, the device would be implanted.
The implanted device would be the next best thing to not having diabetes.
Forty years ago, parents were given a grim prediction for how their child would fare with diabetes.
Dr. Robert Deputy told Ann Curley's parents that she would probably only live to the age of 20 or 30.
Dr. Robert Deputy's prediction for Ann Curley's survival had the whole family freaked out.
Ann Curley spoke with Dr. Robert Deputy, who recently retired from his pediatric practice.
Dr. Robert Deputy seemed to remember Ann Curley.
Dr. Robert Deputy said sadly that the prognosis he gave was what was told to parents back then.
Dr. Robert Deputy stated that everything changes with time.
Dr. Robert Deputy mentioned that diabetes and leukemia have changed with technology.
Ann Curley thinks Dr. Robert Deputy was relieved that his prognosis was wrong.
Ann Curley knows that she is certainly relieved that Dr. Robert Deputy's prognosis was wrong.
Ann Curley hopes to live another 40 years.