Warren Jeffs tried to hang himself earlier this year while Warren Jeffs was in jail awaiting trial.
A Utah judge unsealed court documents on Tuesday.
Warren Jeffs is the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.
The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints has 10,000 members.
Warren Jeffs is awaiting sentencing after being convicted on two counts of being an accomplice to rape.
The documents were released by Fifth District Judge James Shumate at the request of the media.
Warren Jeffs confessed to "immorality" with a "sister" and a daughter more than 30 years ago.
A competency report on Warren Jeffs was completed in April.
Social worker Eric Nielsen wrote that throughout the month of January, Warren Jeffs refused food and drink.
Warren Jeffs developed ulcers on his knees from kneeling in prayer for hours.
On January 28, Warren Jeffs attempted to hang himself in his cell.
In the days following the suicide attempt, Warren Jeffs threw himself against the wall on separate occasions.
Warren Jeffs banged his head on the wall after his suicide attempt.
Warren Jeffs' suicide attempt came three days after a visit with Warren Jeffs' brother, Nephi.
Warren Jeffs told Nephi, "I am not the prophet. I never was the prophet, and I have been deceived by the powers of evil ... I ask for everyone's forgiveness."
Warren Jeffs told Nephi, "Farewell forever."
The day before the visit with Nephi, Warren Jeffs told a follower in a phone conversation that he was "covered with immorality with a sister and a daughter when I was younger."
Members of the FLDS call adult women "sister."
Warren Jeffs' meaning was unclear when he referred to "sister."
Warren Jeffs' defense attorneys argued against the release of the documents.
Warren Jeffs' defense attorneys filed a motion opposing the unsealing of the statements.
Warren Jeffs recanted the statements the following month.
Warren Jeffs' medical condition influenced his state of mind when the statements were made.
Warren Jeffs' defense attorneys presented Judge Shumate with a letter from another attorney.
The letter argued that the statements' release could influence an Arizona jury when Warren Jeffs stands trial in Arizona.
Warren Jeffs was convicted in September of being an accomplice to rape.
Warren Jeffs was accused of using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marriage to her 19-year-old cousin.
Warren Jeffs faces a sentence of up to life in prison when Warren Jeffs is sentenced on November 20.
The FLDS is not affiliated with the mainstream Mormon church.
The FLDS is based in the side-by-side border towns of Hildale, Utah, and Colorado City, Arizona.
Warren Jeffs is a former school headmaster.
Warren Jeffs is the son of the sect's previous president and "prophet," Rulon Jeffs.
Rulon Jeffs died in 2002.
Warren Jeffs was on the FBI's 10 most wanted fugitives list when Warren Jeffs was arrested in August 2006.
Warren Jeffs was arrested outside Las Vegas, Nevada.
Critics say that inside the FLDS, marriages are arranged for girls as young as 13.
Critics claim that competition for brides may be reduced by exiling male teens and young men.
If male followers are excommunicated, critics claim that wives and children can be reassigned.
During Warren Jeffs' trial, defense attorneys claimed that authorities were persecuting Warren Jeffs because of Warren Jeffs' religious beliefs.
Warren Jeffs' religious beliefs include practicing polygamy as the way to heaven.
If Warren Jeffs disavowed being the prophet of the FLDS, it could cause upheaval within the secretive sect.
Two of Warren Jeffs' followers spoke to CNN.
FLDS members usually do not talk to reporters.
One follower, Cathy, said, "He is a perfectly priestly man."
Cathy said, "He is a man of God, and we will always love him."
Cathy said, "Once a prophet, always a prophet."
Cathy's husband, Patrick, told CNN, "It's hogwash."
Patrick said, "I don't believe it ... I will always consider him my prophet."