Kelly Pless would have never described herself as "fit" three years ago.
Kelly Pless weighed 220 pounds at her heaviest.
Kelly Pless lost 95 pounds through diet and exercise.
Kelly Pless has struggled with her weight for most of her adult life.
Kelly Pless is a 31-year-old graduate student from Sunny Isles Beach, Florida.
Kelly Pless started gaining weight as a teenager.
By the time Kelly Pless graduated from high school, she was carrying 215 pounds on her 5' 2" frame.
Kelly Pless describes prom as a nightmare.
Kelly Pless had to go to three different stores to buy a prom dress.
Kelly Pless had to buy the biggest and ugliest prom dress the store had because it was the only one that would fit.
After high school, Kelly Pless lost 50 pounds.
Kelly Pless regained weight back up to 220 pounds because she hadn't lost it in a healthy way.
At 28 years old, Kelly Pless started having trouble breathing.
Doctors told Kelly Pless that her weight was to blame for her trouble breathing.
Kelly Pless reached her breaking point regarding her weight.
Kelly Pless remembers feeling heavy and believing that being fit was not something she could achieve.
Kelly Pless remembers feeling that even if she tried, being fit was not something her body was capable of.
Kelly Pless decided to do something about her weight.
Kelly Pless's manager at the Kennedy Space Center ran marathons.
Kelly Pless's manager at the Kennedy Space Center is the same age as Kelly Pless's father.
Kelly Pless's father has diabetes and is in poor health.
Kelly Pless began walking over the next three to four months.
Kelly Pless did not have any real goal or expectation when she started walking.
Kelly Pless believed that if she focused on eating less and moving more, everything would fall into place.
Kelly Pless found it hard to start exercising because she was worried people would make fun of her.
Kelly Pless told herself that if being made fun of was the worst that could happen, she would get out there and not care.
Kelly Pless eventually started to run or "shuffle."
Kelly Pless adopted an "eat to live" philosophy.
Kelly Pless satisfied her cravings for sweets by eating lots of fruit.
Kelly Pless changed how she felt about food and what it meant to her.
Kelly Pless occasionally indulges in a bite of birthday cake or a piece of chocolate.
Kelly Pless cut out cakes and cookies as one of the first things in her diet.
Cakes and cookies were Kelly Pless's weak spot.
After a few months of cutting out cakes and cookies, Kelly Pless focused more on portion control.
Kelly Pless eats when she is hungry and does not eat when she is not hungry.
Kelly Pless tries to pay attention to when she is hungry.
Kelly Pless makes sure she is not eating out of boredom or at social events.
Kelly Pless tries to make sure she is not overeating just because everyone else is.
Kelly Pless pays close attention to societal pressure.
Kelly Pless believes societal pressure is the reason many people overeat.
Restaurant servings are about three times bigger than a normal portion size, according to Kelly Pless.
Kelly Pless makes sure she does not overeat when dining out simply because the food is available.
Kelly Pless finds it hard to change how she feels about foods that she loves or that are not necessarily good for her.
Kelly Pless believes changing how she looks at food was the hardest part for her.
Kelly Pless asks herself what she really wants to eat or what her body really wants right now.
Kelly Pless has lost 95 pounds and kept it off for 1½ years.
As a result of her weight loss, Kelly Pless says she is healthier and more confident.
Kelly Pless has set a new professional goal to pursue a doctorate in food and exercise psychology.
Kelly Pless wants to help others who are battling obesity and eating disorders.
Kelly Pless believes the negative side of weight loss is that people treat others differently.
Kelly Pless believes being fat was a good filter for how people treated her.
Kelly Pless believes she is automatically treated better by people because she is thinner.
Kelly Pless believes society is hard on people who are overweight or obese.
Kelly Pless believes that now people think she is funnier or smarter.
Kelly Pless runs about 40 miles a week while training for two marathons.
Kelly Pless plans to run her first marathon in November in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Kelly Pless plans to run her second marathon in January in Miami, Florida.
Forty pounds ago, Kelly Pless wanted to have a tummy tuck to remove loose skin.
Kelly Pless cannot imagine taking a break from running to recover from surgery.
Running has become a constant for Kelly Pless.
Running does much more for Kelly Pless than maintain her weight.
Kelly Pless's current weight is about 125 pounds.
If Kelly Pless's past is any indication of her future success, she will cross the finish line.