Survivors of a storm killed more than 3,000 people in Bangladesh.
Villagers grieve in Patargata, around 125 miles south of Dhaka, capital of Bangladesh.
The number of dead killed from Cyclone Sidr is now at 3,114.
The number of dead killed from Cyclone Sidr is expected to rise further.
The Bangladesh Red Crescent fears the death toll could be 5,000.
The Bangladesh Red Crescent fears the death toll could reach as high as 10,000.
Dhalan Mridha was grieving for family members who died in the cyclone.
Dhalan Mridha's family members died in the cyclone after ignoring an alert issued by authorities.
Dhalan Mridha thought nothing was going to happen before the cyclone.
Dhalan Mridha and his family went to bed before the cyclone.
The winds came just before midnight.
The winds came like hundreds of demons.
Dhalan Mridha's small hut was swept away like a piece of paper.
Dhalan Mridha and his family ran for shelter.
Dhalan Mridha lost contact with his wife, mother, and two children on the way to a shelter.
Dhalan Mridha found the bodies of his wife, mother, and two children the next morning.
The Category 4 cyclone raked Bangladesh's southwest coast on Thursday.
The cyclone had maximum sustained winds of 241 km/h (150 mph).
The cyclone destroyed fishermen's hamlets and villages.
Thousands of people are still missing.
An estimated 280,000 people are unable to return to their homes.
The storm wiped out many homes in the region.
Many grieving families are burying loved ones in single graves.
No male members are available to dig graves for the deceased.
Most houses in the region are made of flimsy materials such as bamboo and corrugated iron.
Flimsy houses had no chance of withstanding the storm's powerful winds.
The storm-struck area is criss-crossed by a huge river delta.
The river delta surged as Cyclone Sidr pushed through.
The storm wiped out many villages.
The storm littered the river's shores with debris.
Low-lying Bangladesh is already prone to flooding.
Flooding has wiped out Bangladesh's rice production.
Rice is a major food staple for Bangladesh.
Improved warning systems and shelters have kept the number of deaths lower than in 1970 and 1991.
The death tolls in 1970 and 1991 were in the hundreds of thousands.
Bangladesh President Iajuddin Ahmed visited the devastated region on Sunday.
Iajuddin Ahmed handed out some aid to the crowds of people.
Iajuddin Ahmed's aid distribution was seen largely as a token effort.
Hundreds of people were left empty-handed after Iajuddin Ahmed's aid distribution.
Hundreds of people were furious after Iajuddin Ahmed's aid distribution.
Security officials struggled to hold back the crowd during Iajuddin Ahmed's visit.
Cyclone Sidr has ruined Bangladesh's rice harvest.
The international community is rallying to help Bangladesh.
The international community aims to ensure Bangladesh does not suffer as acutely as in the past.
Nearly a million people died after massive floods wiped out Bangladesh's rice production in 1974.
International aid organizations promised initial packages of $25 million during a meeting with Bangladesh agencies on Monday.
The U.N.'s World Food Program reported the promise of initial aid packages.
The United States has offered more than $2 million as an initial contribution for emergency relief.
The United States sent two U.S. Navy carriers to help in recovery operations.
The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) is airlifting in relief supplies.
An 18-person Department of Defense medical team is in Bangladesh.
The medical team is helping the estimated 15,000 injured by the storm.
Bangladesh's government held an emergency Cabinet meeting on Saturday.
The emergency Cabinet meeting was held to assess the disaster.
The emergency Cabinet meeting was held to discuss recovery issues.
Bangladeshi government spokesman Fahim Munaim told CNN about the emergency Cabinet meeting.
Officials fear the scope of the destruction may be much more extensive.
There are remote areas where conditions cannot yet be determined.
Nearly a third of Bangladesh's 64 districts were affected by the cyclone.
Most affected districts are along the southern coast.
The Bangladeshi military is working to provide shelter for displaced people.
International aid groups are deploying resources to the cyclone-stricken region.
International aid groups have found it nearly impossible to reach remote areas.
Remote areas are difficult to assess conditions.
Roads to remote areas are blocked by massive trees fallen by the storm.
Roads to remote areas are severely damaged.
It is impossible for vehicles to use the damaged roads.
Clearing could take weeks in the remote areas.
Clearing must be done by hand in the remote areas.
There are no chainsaws and modern machinery to speed up the clearing process.
The body of an 8-year-old girl called Rummie was carefully carried away for burial.
Khadija is Rummie's mother.
Khadija was steadied by a relative.
Khadija is overwhelmed with sadness.
Khadija is feeling too much pain in her heart.
Khadija has lost her daughter.
Khadija is a victim of the cyclone as well.