The garbage crisis in Naples encompasses mismanagement, political interference, mafia profiteering, and the ability of those responsible to deflect attention and blame elsewhere.
Naples has had problems in finding sites for municipal dumps.
Workers have stopped collecting trash in Naples.
There is a popular saying in Naples that everybody is competent enough to find a solution.
There is a popular saying in Naples that nobody is responsible for actually carrying out a solution.
In many parts of the world, waste disposal is a business.
In many parts of the world, waste disposal is usually a good business.
Garbage can be transformed into various sources of energy.
Garbage can be sold for a profit.
In Naples, garbage is also good business in the sense that millions, if not billions, of euros have been wasted.
Nobody really knows how the millions, if not billions, of euros have been wasted in Naples.
The problem of garbage in Naples is as old and ugly as rotten trash.
The region's dumps reached full capacity more than a decade ago.
A state of emergency has been declared every year since the dumps reached full capacity.
Eight different commissioners have been appointed to solve the garbage problem in Naples.
All eight different commissioners have failed to solve the garbage problem in Naples.
A state of emergency means government money.
€1.8 billion in emergency funds have been devolved to deal with the garbage problem in Naples.
It is still difficult to find out where or how the €1.8 billion in emergency funds has been spent.
Incinerators that were supposed to be built in Naples were never finished.
The companies in charge of constructing the incinerators could not finish the job.
Magistrates stopped the work on the incinerators pending ongoing criminal investigations into alleged mafia involvement.
One Italian newspaper suggested that a good 20% of the emergency funds went to pay for the salaries of those in charge of coming up with a solution to the garbage problem.
The local mafia, known as the Camorra, is taking advantage of the garbage crisis in Naples.
The profits of the Camorra are estimated now at around €1 billion.
The profits of the Camorra are roughly $1.45 billion.
The Naples prosecutor in charge of environmental crimes says city government officials use the state of emergency to quickly award contracts.
City government officials award contracts which otherwise would have to be checked by complicated anti-racketeering legislation.
Companies linked to the underworld dispose of the waste either in the open or at regular city dumps.
Regular city dumps are overflowing.
The mafia clans have managed to burrow their way deeply into the system.
Every attempt to fix the garbage problem in Naples has proved futile.
The government wants to re-open a previously shut dump to dispose of 3,700 tons of waste.
3,700 tons of waste is laying in the streets of Naples and surrounding areas.
When the dump was closed years ago, locals were promised that a golf course would be built there.
Many residents invested savings to construct apartments and residences in the vicinity of the previously shut dump.
Some residents constructed apartments and residences just a few yards away from the site of the previously shut dump.
Residents are now waking up to a mountain of trash instead of 18 holes of a golf course.
The situation is described as a rotten deal.