A virus found in healthy Australian honey bees may be playing a role in the collapse of honey bee colonies across the United States. Honey bees walk on a moveable comb hive at the Bee Research Laboratory in Beltsville, Maryland. Colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees. Up to 90 percent of colonies in some U.S. beekeeping operations have been affected by colony collapse disorder. Colony collapse disorder is imperiling crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination. Oranges, blueberries, apples, and almonds are crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination. The U.S. Department of Agriculture says honey bees are responsible for pollinating $15 billion worth of crops each year in the United States. More than 90 fruits and vegetables worldwide depend on honey bees for pollination. Signs of colony collapse disorder were first reported in the United States in 2004. American beekeepers started importing bees from Australia in 2004. Colony collapse disorder is marked by hives left with a queen, a few newly hatched adults, and plenty of food. The worker bees responsible for pollination are gone in cases of colony collapse disorder. The virus identified in the healthy Australian bees is Israeli Acute Paralysis Virus (IAPV). IAPV was discovered by Hebrew University researchers. Worker bees in colony collapse disorder vanish. Bees infected with IAPV die close to the hive. Bees infected with IAPV develop shivering wings and paralysis before dying. Australian bees seem to be resistant to IAPV. Australian bees do not come down with symptoms of IAPV. Scientists used genetic analyses of bees collected over the past three years. IAPV was present in bees that had come from colony collapse disorder hives 96 percent of the time. The study released Thursday on the Science Express Web site cautioned that colony collapse disorder is likely caused by several factors. Jeffery S. Pettis of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Bee Research Laboratory is a co-author of the study. Jeffery S. Pettis said that IAPV is likely not acting alone in causing colony collapse disorder. Other stressors on the colony are likely involved in colony collapse disorder. There are no cases of colony collapse disorder in Australia at all. Colony collapse disorder is a Northern Hemisphere phenomenon. Jamie Ellis, a bee ecology expert and University of Florida professor, said that genetic weakness bred into bees over time might be a factor in colony collapse disorder. Pathogens spread by parasites might be a factor in colony collapse disorder. The effects of pesticides and pollutants might be a factor in colony collapse disorder. Varroa mites affect all hives on the U.S. mainland. Varroa mites are not found in Australia. Keith S. Delaplane, a University of Georgia bee researcher, said the study offers a warning and hope. Keith S. Delaplane said there has been a general inability to treat or vaccinate bees against viruses of any kind. Keith S. Delaplane has been trying to breed bees resistant to the varroa mite. There is evidence that some bees carry genetic resistance to IAPV. Some bees carry genetic resistance to the disorder. This is an argument for beekeepers to use honey bee stocks that are genetically disease- and pest-resistant. Bee researchers will now look for stresses that may combine to kill bees. The next step is to ascertain whether IAPV, alone or in concert with other factors, can induce colony collapse disorder in healthy bees. Ian Lipkin is the director of the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health. Besides the Columbia and USDA researchers, others involved in the study released Thursday include researchers from Pennsylvania State University, the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, the University of Arizona, and 454 Life Sciences.