Lucky Dube was killed in an attempted car-jacking.
Lucky Dube was one of South Africa's most famous musicians.
Lucky Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans.
Lucky Dube was 43 years old at the time of his death.
Lucky Dube was killed in Johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time on Thursday.
Someone tried to steal Lucky Dube's car.
Police said Lucky Dube was shot.
Lucky Dube attempted to escape from his attackers.
Lucky Dube died almost instantly from his wounds.
Lucky Dube's death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of South Africa's appearance in the rugby World Cup final with England.
News of Lucky Dube's death was the headline in many Friday newspapers.
Lucky Dube's death knocked the World Cup off the front pages for the first time in days.
Callers to talk radio stations suggested the Springboks wear black armbands in remembrance of Lucky Dube.
Gallo Records called Lucky Dube's death "senseless and random."
It was not clear whether Lucky Dube's attackers knew who he was.
South Africa is one of the most dangerous societies in the world.
From April 2006 to March 2007, more than 19,000 South Africans were murdered.
From April 2006 to March 2007, more than 52,600 people were raped in South Africa.
From April 2006 to March 2007, nearly 13,600 people were carjacked in South Africa.
Mark Sutherland is the London bureau chief for Billboard Magazine.
Mark Sutherland said Lucky Dube was a big loss to the South African music business.
Mark Sutherland said Lucky Dube was one of South Africa's most successful artists.
Mark Sutherland said Lucky Dube was certainly one of South Africa's leading reggae artists.
Mark Sutherland said Lucky Dube was an extremely respected musician.
Lucky Dube toured extensively around the world.
Lucky Dube had just returned from a tour of the United States.
Lucky Dube's tour of the United States stretched from California to New York.
Gallo Records said Lucky Dube leaves "a great void" in the music industry.
Lucky Dube had a 25-year career.
Lucky Dube recorded 22 albums in Zulu, English, and Afrikaans.
Lucky Dube was born outside Johannesburg in 1964.
Lucky Dube was named "Lucky" by his mother.
Lucky Dube was the first child to be born after several failed pregnancies.
Lucky Dube started singing in 1982.
Lucky Dube joined a band playing Mbaqanga, or traditional Zulu music.
Lucky Dube began recording reggae tracks as a solo singer later in his career.
Reggae was to dominate and define the remainder of Lucky Dube's career.
Ivor Haarburger is the chief executive of Gallo Music Group.
Ivor Haarburger said he was deeply saddened by Lucky Dube's loss.
Ivor Haarburger said Lucky Dube was not just an extraordinary artist.
Ivor Haarburger said Lucky Dube was a personal friend.
Ivor Haarburger said it is sad to lose such a great friend and so tragically.
Lucky Dube is survived by his wife, Zanele.
Lucky Dube is survived by his seven children.
Lucky Dube's children are Bongi, Nonkululeko, Thokozani, Laura, Siyanda, Philani, and three-month-old Melokuhle.