Tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps on Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Rebel troops attacked government forces in the area on Tuesday.
The U.N. refugee agency reported the attack on government forces.
Refugees moved along a road on Tuesday in Mugunga, near Goma, in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees stated that it did not appear rebels had targeted the camps.
Some camps were looted after camp residents fled.
Camp residents are classified as internally displaced persons.
Roads to Goma were crowded with refugees and local residents fleeing the fighting.
The UNHCR reported that torrential rain made movement difficult.
The main road toward Sake was crowded with people.
UNHCR field safety adviser Pierre Nazroo had difficulties getting through the main road toward Sake.
Internally displaced people are moving from site to site in the direction of Goma.
UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond stated that internally displaced people have been living in extremely difficult conditions.
Internally displaced people have nothing but what they can carry.
These internally displaced people are in poor health.
Internally displaced people are soaking wet because of the torrential downpours.
Internally displaced people need shelter.
Internally displaced people need water.
Internally displaced people need a lot of assistance.
The UNHCR plans to move quickly to get help to internally displaced people.
A lot of internally displaced people are already in a weakened state.
The Congolese government accused troops under rebel general Laurent Nkunda of staging the attack.
A Nkunda spokesman denied the allegation.
Bwambale Kakolele is a spokesman for Nkunda.
Rwandan Hutu rebels who also operate in the area were behind the attack, according to Bwambale Kakolele.
A spokesman for the U.N. military mission in the Congo stated it was uncertain which group attacked the Congo army outpost near the village of Kishangazi.
The U.N.-affiliated news service reported the uncertainty about the attacking group.
Spokesman Col. Pierre Cherayron stated that it could have been insurgents close to Nkunda who attacked.
Col. Pierre Cherayron cannot rule out the Rwandan rebels as the attackers.
The UNHCR identified the affected camps as Mugunga I, Mugunga II, Lac Vert, and Bulengo.
About 28,000 people abandoned the first three camps.
About 2,000 people left Bulengo.
The UNHCR stated that 375,000 Congolese in North Kivu province have been forced from their homes in the past year.
In the past two months, 160,000 Congolese have fled their homes amid the fighting.
The fighting is between renegade troops and government forces.
North Kivu is in eastern Congo near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda.
Congolese President Joseph Kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under Nkunda.
Fighting continues in the area.
Hard-liners among the rebels have blocked reconciliation efforts.
Hard-liners in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts.
The International Crisis Group is a nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts.