The Senate approved Michael Mukasey's nomination for attorney general by a 53-40 vote.
Waterboarding threatened to derail the approval of President George W. Bush's nominee to lead the Justice Department.
President George W. Bush nominated Michael Mukasey to replace Alberto Gonzales.
Alberto Gonzales resigned in September.
A number of Democratic senators opposed Michael Mukasey because of questions about his views on waterboarding.
A number of Democratic senators opposed Michael Mukasey because of questions about the president's power to order electronic surveillance.
Michael Mukasey told senators he considers waterboarding "repugnant."
Michael Mukasey could not categorically say whether waterboarding amounts to torture.
U.S. law bans torture.
International law bans torture.
Waterboarding involves restraining a suspect and pouring water on him to produce the sensation of drowning.
Michael Mukasey's confirmation was assured when Dianne Feinstein said she would vote in favor of Michael Mukasey.
Michael Mukasey's confirmation was assured when Chuck Schumer said he would vote in favor of Michael Mukasey.
Chuck Schumer said the Department of Justice is adrift and rudderless.
Chuck Schumer said the Department of Justice desperately needs a strong and independent leader.
Chuck Schumer believes Michael Mukasey is a strong and independent leader.
Chuck Schumer said Congress would be within its rights to pass a law that bans waterboarding across all government agencies.
Chuck Schumer said the president would have absolutely no legal authority to ignore a law that bans waterboarding.
Chuck Schumer believes Michael Mukasey would be more likely to find waterboarding illegal than an interim attorney general.
Chuck Schumer said Michael Mukasey's written answers demonstrated more openness to ending practices than previous attorney general nominees.
Patrick Leahy said some sought comfort in Michael Mukasey's personal assurance to enforce a future law against waterboarding.
Patrick Leahy said any prohibition against waterboarding would have to be enacted over the veto of President George W. Bush.
Arlen Specter believes Michael Mukasey would enforce a law banning waterboarding.
Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey could have given more assurances.
Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is intelligent.
Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is really learned in the law.
Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is strong.
Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is ethical.
Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is honest beyond any question.
Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is not an intimate of President George W. Bush.
A majority of Americans consider waterboarding a form of torture.
Some Americans believe it is OK for the U.S. government to use waterboarding.
More than two-thirds of respondents, or 69 percent, said waterboarding is a form of torture.
29 percent of respondents said waterboarding is not a form of torture.
58 percent of respondents said the U.S. government should not be allowed to use waterboarding.
40 percent of respondents said the U.S. government should be allowed to use waterboarding.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. telephone poll surveyed 1,024 American adults.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. telephone poll was carried out over the weekend.
The CNN/Opinion Research Corp. telephone poll had a sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points.