Brendon Pelser saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing.
The engine fell from the wing as the Boeing 737 Flight CE723 took off from Cape Town, South Africa.
Men were sweating profusely.
Women were crying.
There was fear on the faces of the passengers.
Everyone started panicking.
The pilot of Nationwide Airlines' Boeing 737 Flight CE723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel.
The pilot made an emergency landing at Cape Town International Airport.
Including crew, 100 people were on the plane.
The plane departed at 3:50 p.m.
The flight was an hour long to Johannesburg, South Africa.
No one was injured.
The jet had only been in the air about 10 minutes before the engine fell.
A person on the right side said the engine was missing.
The engine had broken clean off.
Pelser described hearing something crash and bang.
The plane was veering left and right.
The flight crew told passengers to prepare for the worst.
The passengers flew in very slowly.
The passengers were all prepared for the worst.
The passengers went into the fetal position, with their heads between their legs.
The plane hit the runway.
Brendon Pelser prayed.
Brendon Pelser did not want to die.
Brendon Pelser was not really ready to die.
An object had been sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground.
Officials are trying to identify the object.
The engine-to-wing supporting structure is designed to release an engine when extreme forces are applied.
The design is intended to prevent structural damage to the wing.
Nationwide Airlines described the incident as a catastrophic engine failure.
As the nose wheel lifted from the ground, the captain heard a loud noise.
The loud noise was immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft to the right.
The yaw of the aircraft is described as sideways slippage.
The flight instruments showed the No. 2 engine on the right side had failed.
Brendon Pelser spent the night in Cape Town.
Brendon Pelser then flew back to Johannesburg.
Brendon Pelser lives in Johannesburg.
Brendon Pelser flew back on the same airline.
Nationwide Airlines stated the engine had undergone a major overhaul in March 2005.
The overhaul took place at an approved Federal Aviation Authority facility in the U.S.A.
The engine had flown only 3,806 hours since the overhaul.
These engines typically achieve 10,000 hours between major overhauls.