Rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the United Nations headquarters in Algiers.
Rescuers hope to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building's facade.
The powerful bomb leveled nearby U.N. offices.
Rescuers and bomb experts search for survivors in the rubble of a destroyed building.
There were two suspected car bombs that struck Algiers within 10 minutes of each other.
The official government count of the death toll is at least 26.
Hospital sources in Algiers told CNN affiliate BFM-TV that 76 people were killed in the two blasts.
A statement from the United Nations said 45 people were reported killed.
Algerian Interior Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni blamed a militant Islamic group with ties to al Qaeda for the attacks.
The attacks targeted a building housing Algeria's Constitutional Council and Supreme Court.
The group al Qaeda Islamic Maghreb claimed responsibility for the attacks in a posting on an Islamist Web site.
CNN could not immediately corroborate the claim from al Qaeda Islamic Maghreb.
The Islamist Web site is known to carry messages, claims, and videos from al Qaeda and other militant groups.
The bombers were identified as Sheikh Ibrahim Abu Othman and Abdel Rahman Abu Abdel Nasser al-Asimi.
Two trucks were filled with no less than 800 kg (1,763 pounds) of explosives.
The group called the operation "another successful conquest and a second epic."
The group claimed the operation was in defense of the wounded Islamic nation.
The group claimed the operation was in defiance to the Crusaders and their agents, the slaves of America and the sons of France.
At least 10 U.N. staffers were among those killed.
U.N. spokeswoman Marie Okabe reported that at least 10 U.N. staffers were killed.
The offices of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees were leveled by a blast.
The blast that leveled the UNHCR offices struck about 9:30 a.m. (3:30 a.m. ET) Tuesday.
UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond said the offices are basically destroyed now.
Ron Redmond said nothing works in the UNHCR offices.
Rescuers are working into the night trying to get to the trapped U.N. workers.
The situation with the U.N. in Algiers is very serious.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attacks.
Ban Ki-moon called the attacks "an abjectly cowardly strike against civilian officials serving humanity's highest ideals under the U.N. banner."
Ban Ki-moon stated that the perpetrators of these crimes will not escape the strongest possible condemnation.
Ban Ki-moon stated that the perpetrators will face ultimate punishment by Algerian authorities and the international community.
Ban Ki-moon sent senior advisers and other top U.N. officials to Algiers to assist in the investigation and rescue effort.
Most of those killed in the coordinated attacks were victims of the first suspected car bombing.
The first suspected car bombing occurred near the Constitutional Council and Supreme Court in the Algiers neighborhood of Ben Aknoun.
The first blast struck a bus outside the targeted building.
Many of those on board the bus were killed in the first blast.
One man heard the first blast.
The second blast exploded in front of the man.
The man saw the trees falling and the glass shattering in front of him.
The man had to run away from the car.
Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni said the attack was the work of the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC).
The Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC) took responsibility for an attack in April in downtown Algiers that killed 33 people.
The GSPC also uses the name al Qaeda Islamic Maghreb after merging with al Qaeda earlier this year.
The GSPC abandoned small-scale attacks in favor of headline-grabbing blasts after merging with al Qaeda.
CNN International Security Correspondent Paula Newton stated that the merger combined the expertise of Algerian guerrillas with the operational ability of al Qaeda in North Africa.
The merger enabled the GSPC to penetrate the usually extensive security in high-profile areas of Algiers.
The GSPC's goal is to destabilize countries like Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
The GSPC sees Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia as enemies of the Islamic state.
Zerhouni stated that police interrogations of GSPC members revealed that Algeria's Constitutional Council and Supreme Court were on a list of GSPC targets.
Algeria has a population of 33 million.
Algeria is still recovering from more than a decade of violence.
The violence in Algeria began after the military government called a halt to elections.
An Islamist party was poised to win the elections that were halted.
Tens of thousands of people died in the unrest in Algeria.
Although Algeria has remained relatively peaceful, recent terrorist attacks have raised fears of a slide back to violence.