Obesity is the No. 1 health crisis in the United States.
The United States could be at risk without immediate action.
Former President Bill Clinton said this at CNN's first Fit Nation Summit.
CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta and former President Bill Clinton lead the discussion at the first Fit Nation Summit.
Bill Clinton said, "We need to do something about it for our children, and for our country."
Bill Clinton said that something like obesity could easily collapse the nation if action is not taken now.
Bill Clinton and CNN's chief medical correspondent, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, gathered with experts from across the country on Wednesday.
The purpose of the gathering was to explore solutions to America's obesity crisis.
Two-thirds of adult Americans are overweight or obese.
One-third of U.S. children are overweight or obese.
This information is according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Obesity carries an increased risk of myriad health problems.
The health problems associated with obesity include hypertension, diabetes, heart disease, and arthritis.
Gupta, Clinton, and a panel of experts addressed proposed solutions at the Fit Nation Summit.
Proposed solutions include healthy school lunches.
Proposed solutions include the elimination of trans fats.
Proposed solutions include the need for healthier food in urban communities.
Proposed solutions include the importance of supporting community-based efforts to fight obesity.
Bill Clinton has been tackling the obesity issue over the past few years.
Bill Clinton is working with his Alliance for a Healthier Generation.
Bill Clinton stressed the need to help educate people about the importance of a healthy diet.
Bill Clinton stressed the importance of exercising together.
Motivating Americans, especially kids, will not be easy according to Bill Clinton.
Bill Clinton said that kids need to be handled with care.
Kids need to know that fitness is important.
Bill Clinton said that fitness cannot be boring.
Bill Clinton said, "There's no shame, there's no embarrassment."
Bill Clinton said, "We have to let them know it's all good, but you have to do it."
Michael Jacobson is the director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest.
Michael Jacobson is a strong advocate against trans fats in foods.
Michael Jacobson stressed that the Food and Drug Administration should ban trans fats altogether.
Michael Jacobson said that the Food and Drug Administration should stop leaving the decision up to local and state governments.
Trans fats were once thought to be good fat substitutes.
Over the years, trans fats have been shown to raise LDL or bad cholesterol in people.
Trans fats have been shown to lower HDL or good cholesterol in people.
Michael Jacobson said, "They're just not good for our health."
Dr. Robert Eckel is the former president of the American Heart Association.
Dr. Robert Eckel warned that the biggest concern is what trans fats will be replaced with.
Dr. Robert Eckel said, "We need to think about that, because there will be a substitute."
The panel took questions from an audience of 150 people.
The audience was mostly obesity experts or those who work in industries that deal with obesity.
Gupta was inspired to launch Fit Nation.
Fit Nation is an ongoing, multiplatform, grassroots initiative against obesity.
Over the past three years, Gupta and the CNN Medical Unit have crisscrossed the country.
Gupta and the CNN Medical Unit have asked Americans to take charge of their weight.
Gupta and the CNN Medical Unit have asked Americans to exercise more.
Gupta and the CNN Medical Unit have asked Americans to eat healthier.
This year, Gupta traveled from Michigan to California.
Gupta asked the public to pledge to add 1 million hours to their collective lives.
Gupta asked the public to add 1 million hours by getting off the couch and exercising.
Since Gupta began the tour in April, the campaign has surpassed its goal.
The exercise pledges are close to four times the amount of the original goal.
Gupta hopes that legislators and administrators who can make a difference in policy will hear the solutions discussed at the summit.
Gupta said, "I've covered a lot of stories on obesity."
Gupta said, "There's a battle going on, and we need to win the battle."
Gupta has talked to people who are just blasé about obesity.
Gupta said, "This is our opportunity to make them care."