Martin Eden lives in Oakland at the beginning of the 20th century.
Martin Eden struggles to rise above his destitute circumstances.
Martin Eden has a proletarian background.
Martin Eden pursues self-education intensely and passionately.
Martin Eden hopes to achieve a place among the literary elite.
Martin Eden's principal motivation is his love for Ruth Morse.
Martin Eden is a rough, uneducated sailor.
The Morses are a bourgeois family.
A union between Martin Eden and Ruth Morse would be impossible unless Martin Eden reaches their level of wealth and refinement.
Martin Eden promises Ruth Morse that success will come over a period of two years.
Ruth Morse loses her patience and rejects Martin Eden in a letter.
Ruth Morse's letter states, "if only you had settled down... and attempted to make something of yourself."
Martin Eden attains the favor of publishers and the bourgeoisie who had shunned him.
By the time Martin Eden attains favor, he has developed a grudge against the publishers and the bourgeoisie.
Martin Eden becomes jaded by toil and unrequited love.
Martin Eden retreats into a quiet indifference instead of enjoying his success.
Martin Eden's quiet indifference is interrupted only to mentally rail against the genteelness of bourgeois society.
Martin Eden donates his new wealth to working-class friends and family.
Martin Eden feels that people do not value him for himself or for his work.
People value Martin Eden only for his fame.
The novel ends with Martin Eden committing suicide by drowning.
Martin Eden's suicide contributes to what researcher Clarice Stasz calls the "biographical myth."
The "biographical myth" states that Jack London's own death was a suicide.
Jack London's oldest daughter Joan commented on the book's tragic ending.
Joan commented that the book is often regarded as "a 'success' story."
The book inspired a whole generation of young writers.
The book inspired other fields.
Individuals in other fields attained their objectives without aid or encouragement.
Individuals in other fields attained their objectives through great struggle.