Alfred Russel Wallace wrote a tribute to Charles Darwin in 1883.
The tribute was entitled 'The Debt of Science to Darwin'.
Charles Darwin died in 1882.
One tribute appeared in 'The Century', an illustrated monthly magazine.
Alfred Russel Wallace included a summary of Charles Darwin's work in the tribute.
The cowslip (Primula veris) has two kinds of flowers in nearly equal proportions.
In one kind of flower, the stamens are long and the style is short.
In the other kind of flower, the stamens are short and the style is long.
In the first kind of flower, the stamens are visible at the mouth of the tube of the flower.
In the second kind of flower, the stigma occupies the same place as the stamens.
The fact about the cowslip had been known to botanists for 70 years.
The fact about the cowslip had been classed as a case of mere variability.
The case of mere variability was considered to be of no importance.
In 1860, Charles Darwin set out to find out what the variation in cowslips meant.
According to Charles Darwin's views, a definite variation must have a purpose.
After a considerable amount of observation and experiment, Charles Darwin found that bees and moths visited the flowers.
The proboscis of bees and moths became covered with pollen while sucking up the nectar.
The pollen of a long-stamened plant would most surely be deposited on the stigma of the long-styled plants.
The pollen of a short-stamened plant would most surely be deposited on the stigma of the short-styled plants.
A long series of experiments followed.
Cowslips were fertilised with either pollen from the same kind or from a different kind of flower.
The invariable result was that crosses between the two different types of flowers produced more good capsules.
The invariable result was that crosses between the two different types of flowers produced more seed in each capsule.
The crosses between the two different types of flowers would be most frequently effected by insects.
The curious arrangement of the flowers directly served to increase the fertility of the cowslip.
The same thing was found to occur in the primrose.
The same thing was found to occur in flax (Linum perenne).
The same thing was found to occur in lungworts (Pulmonaria).
The same thing was found to occur in the American partridge-berry (Mitchella repens).
These plants are called dimorphic heterostyled plants.
The common loosestrife (Lythrum salicaria) has both stamens and styles of three distinct lengths.
Each flower of the common loosestrife has two sets of stamens and one style, all of different lengths.
The common loosestrife flowers are arranged in three different ways.
One arrangement has a short style, with six medium and six long stamens.
One arrangement has a medium style, with six short and six long stamens.
One arrangement has a long style, with six medium and six short stamens.
The flowers of the common loosestrife can be fertilised in eighteen distinct ways.
The fertilisation of the common loosestrife necessitates a vast number of experiments.
The result of the experiments is that flowers fertilised by the pollen from stamens of the same length as the styles gave a larger number of capsules on average.
The result of the experiments is that flowers fertilised by the pollen from stamens of the same length as the styles gave a very much larger number of seeds than in any other case.
The exact correspondence in the length of the style of each form with that of one set of stamens in the other form insures that the pollen attached to any part of the body of an insect shall be applied to a style of the same length on another plant.
There is a triple chance of the maximum of fertility due to the arrangement of the flowers.
There is clear proof that the complex arrangements of the flowers have the important end of securing both a more abundant and more vigorous offspring.
Observations and experiments continue today to further the understanding of this phenomenon.
The phenomenon was instigated by Charles Darwin in his original and seminal work.