Sir Thomas Waldron, the squire of Perlycross, is suffering from a terminal disease.
The news of Sir Thomas Waldron's terminal disease is kept from Sir Thomas Waldron and his family for as long as possible.
Sir Thomas Waldron's death comes as a great shock.
Sir Thomas Waldron is aware that Dr. Jemmy Fox has fallen in love with Sir Thomas Waldron's daughter Inez.
Sir Thomas Waldron expresses his approval of the match between Dr. Jemmy Fox and Inez to his friend Rev. Philip Penniloe.
The grave of Sir Thomas Waldron is found to have been rifled on the very night of Sir Thomas Waldron's funeral.
The body of Sir Thomas Waldron is stolen.
The only man with a clue to the mystery is a blacksmith.
The blacksmith has been called up late at night by a mysterious party with a cart.
The blacksmith declares that he saw Dr. Jemmy Fox with the cart.
The declaration of the blacksmith makes people suspect that Dr. Jemmy Fox performed the sacrilege for medical purposes.
Dr. Jemmy Fox finds himself pointed at and shunned by nearly everybody in the parish of Perlycross.
Lady Waldron never liked Dr. Jemmy Fox.
Lady Waldron eagerly adopts the story that Dr. Jemmy Fox performed the sacrilege.
Dr. Jemmy Fox has an alibi.
At the time of the occurrence, Dr. Jemmy Fox had been summoned to a distant place where Dr. Jemmy Fox's father was ill.
Rev. Philip Penniloe and others remain staunch to Dr. Jemmy Fox.
One or two of the villagers take the side of Dr. Jemmy Fox.
Dr. Jemmy Fox tries to see Lady Waldron.
Lady Waldron refuses Dr. Jemmy Fox admittance.
Dr. Jemmy Fox meets Inez.
Inez does not believe the calumny against Dr. Jemmy Fox.
Inez reciprocates the affections of Dr. Jemmy Fox.
Time passes, and there is no clue found to the mystery.
Everybody is worried over the mystery.
Lady Waldron is worried over the mystery.
Inez is worried over the mystery.
Dr. Jemmy Fox is worried over the mystery.
Mr. Penniloe is worried over the mystery.
The mystery is only resolved on the return of Sir Thomas Waldron's son from abroad.
Sir Thomas Waldron's son proves to be the means of finding the solution to the mystery.