The setting is contemporaneous with publication.
The setting is the beginning of the twentieth century.
Crawfurd grows up in Kirkcaple.
Kirkcaple is by the North Sea.
Crawfurd first encounters the antagonist, Laputa, performing a ritual on the beach.
Crawfurd's father dies.
Crawfurd goes to work as a shopkeeper.
Crawfurd works as a shopkeeper in a place called Blaauwildebeestefontein.
Crawfurd comes into contact with a Portuguese man named Henriques.
Crawfurd comes into contact with Laputa again.
Crawfurd gradually learns of illegal diamond smuggling.
Crawfurd learns of a planned rising of the native people of the region.
The native people of the region include the Zulu people.
The native people of the region include the Swazi people.
Laputa leads the planned rising of the native people.
Laputa's skill as a preacher allows him to inspire many tribes across the region.
Laputa invokes the legend of Prester John.
Laputa positions himself as the rightful heir and leader who can rise up against colonial rule.
Crawfurd learns more about the rising after meeting Captain Arcoll.
Captain Arcoll leads the colonialist army and police.
Crawfurd overhears the conversation of Laputa and Henriques.
Crawfurd infiltrates the cave where the tribal leaders are gathering.
Crawfurd witnesses Laputa commencing the rising.
Laputa is wearing the necklet of Prester John.
The necklet of Prester John legitimises Laputa's leadership.
Crawfurd is captured.
Crawfurd manages to relay a message to Captain Arcoll.
Crawfurd escapes during an ambush.
Crawfurd steals the necklet from the hands of Henriques.
Henriques is trying to steal the necklet for himself.
Crawfurd runs all night.
Crawfurd is climbing a ravine in the escarpment up to the plateau above the berg.
Crawfurd is captured again.
Crawfurd manages to hide the necklet.
The necklet is made of priceless rubies.
Crawfurd is taken to Laputa's new base.
Crawfurd escapes immediate punishment by offering Laputa his knowledge of the location of the necklet.
Crawfurd offers Laputa his knowledge in exchange for sparing his life.
Laputa needs the necklet in order to convince his followers.
Laputa has not told anyone of the loss of the necklet.
Laputa goes alone with Crawfurd to search for the necklet.
Crawfurd narrowly escapes once again in the ravine.
Crawfurd steals Laputa's horse.
Crawfurd takes Laputa's horse to go to Arcoll's headquarters.
With Laputa separated from his army, Arcoll's forces are able to quell the leaderless uprising.
Crawfurd returns to the cave.
Crawfurd finds the treacherous Henriques dead outside the cave.
Henriques has been strangled by Laputa.
Crawfurd enters the cave.
Crawfurd meets Laputa in the cave.
Laputa knows that all his plans have failed.
Laputa destroys a rock bridge giving access to the cave.
Laputa commits suicide by jumping into an underground river chasm.
Crawfurd makes a daring escape by climbing a cascade up and out of the cave.
Crawfurd rejoins Arcoll.
Crawfurd is instrumental in bringing about the disarmament of the native uprising.
Crawfurd is instrumental in bringing about the subsequent peace.
Crawfurd is rewarded with a large portion of the treasure hidden in the cave.
Crawfurd eventually returns to Scotland a rich man.