The Mysteries of Udolpho is a Gothic romance. The novel contains incidents of physical terror. The novel contains incidents of psychological terror. The novel features remote, crumbling castles. The novel includes seemingly supernatural events. The novel has a brooding villain. The novel has a scheming villain. The novel has a persecuted heroine. Modern editors state that only about one-third of the novel is set in the Gothic castle. The tone of the novel varies between sections. The style of the novel varies between sections. Ann Radcliffe added extensive descriptions of exotic landscapes in the Pyrenees. Ann Radcliffe added extensive descriptions of exotic landscapes in the Apennines. Ann Radcliffe added extensive descriptions of Venice. Ann Radcliffe did not visit the Pyrenees. Ann Radcliffe did not visit the Apennines. Ann Radcliffe did not visit Venice. Ann Radcliffe relied on contemporary travel books for details of the landscapes. The reliance on contemporary travel books led to the introduction of several anachronisms. The novel is set in 1584. The novel is set in southern France. The novel is set in northern Italy. The novel focuses on the plight of Emily St. Aubert. Emily St. Aubert is a young French woman. Emily St. Aubert is orphaned after the death of her father. Emily St. Aubert suffers imprisonment in the castle Udolpho. Signor Montoni is an Italian brigand. Signor Montoni has married Emily St. Aubert's aunt. Emily St. Aubert's aunt is Madame Cheron. Emily St. Aubert's romance with Valancourt is frustrated by Montoni. Emily St. Aubert's romance with Valancourt is frustrated by others. Emily St. Aubert investigates the mysterious relationship between her father and the Marchioness de Villeroi. The mysterious relationship has a connection to the castle at Udolpho. Emily St. Aubert is the only child of a landed rural family. Emily St. Aubert's family's fortunes are in decline. Emily St. Aubert and her father share a close bond. Emily St. Aubert and her father share an appreciation for nature. Emily St. Aubert's mother dies from a serious illness. After her mother's death, Emily St. Aubert and her father grow closer. Emily St. Aubert accompanies her father on a journey. The journey is from Gascony to the Mediterranean coast of Roussillon. The journey goes over many mountainous landscapes. During the journey, Emily St. Aubert and her father encounter Valancourt. Valancourt is a handsome man. Valancourt feels a mystical kinship with the natural world. Emily St. Aubert and Valancourt quickly fall in love. Emily St. Aubert's father succumbs to a long illness. Emily St. Aubert is forced to live with her aunt after her father's death. Emily St. Aubert's aunt is Madame Cheron. Madame Cheron shares none of Emily St. Aubert's interests. Madame Cheron shows little affection to Emily St. Aubert. Madame Cheron marries Montoni. Montoni is a dubious nobleman from Italy. Montoni wants Count Morano to become Emily St. Aubert's husband. Montoni tries to force Emily St. Aubert to marry Count Morano. Count Morano is nearly ruined. Montoni brings Emily St. Aubert and Madame Cheron to his remote castle of Udolpho. Emily St. Aubert fears she has lost Valancourt forever. Count Morano searches for Emily St. Aubert. Count Morano tries to carry Emily St. Aubert off secretly from Udolpho. Emily St. Aubert refuses to join Count Morano. Emily St. Aubert's heart still belongs to Valancourt. Montoni discovers Count Morano's attempt to escape. Montoni wounds Count Morano. Montoni chases Count Morano away. Montoni threatens Madame Cheron with violence. Montoni threatens Madame Cheron to force her to sign over her properties in Toulouse. Madame Cheron's properties would otherwise go to Emily St. Aubert upon her death. Madame Cheron does not resign her estate. Madame Cheron dies of a severe illness. Madame Cheron's severe illness is caused by her husband's harshness. Many frightening events happen within the castle. The events within the castle are coincidental. Emily St. Aubert is able to flee from the castle. Emily St. Aubert receives help from Du Pont. Du Pont was a prisoner at Udolpho. Emily St. Aubert receives help from the servants Annette and Ludovico. Emily St. Aubert returns to her aunt's estate. Emily St. Aubert learns that Valancourt went to Paris. Valancourt lost his wealth in Paris. Emily St. Aubert takes control of the property. Emily St. Aubert is reunited with Valancourt.