Worms are found in many places.
Worms are found on the forest floor.
Worms are found in mountains.
Worms are found in many locations around the world.
Worms are considered terrestrial animals.
Worms are really semi-aquatic animals.
Worms die quickly in air.
Worms survive for months in water.
Worms are inactive during the day.
Worms sometimes come out of their burrows at night.
Worms are eaten by thrushes in large numbers.
Worms are eaten by other birds in large numbers.
Worms lie close to the surface.
Worms have well-developed muscular systems.
Worms have well-developed nervous systems.
Worms have well-developed circulatory systems.
Worms have well-developed digestive systems.
Worms have a unique digestive system.
Worms are eyeless.
Worms respond to the intensity of light.
Worms respond to the duration of light.
Worms slowly respond to temperature.
Worms have no hearing.
Worms are sensitive to vibrations.
Worms have a feeble sense of smell.
Worms are able to find their preferred foods.
Worms are omnivorous animals.
Worms swallow much earth.
Worms extract food from the earth.
Worms live chiefly on half-decayed leaves.
Half-decayed leaves are partially digested by a pancreatic solution before ingestion.
The extra-stomachal digestion of worms is not unlike that which Darwin described as occurring in Insectivorous Plants.
The structure of the calciferous glands of earthworms is described.
Many hypotheses have been advanced for the function of calciferous glands.
Darwin believed the primary function of calciferous glands is for excretion.
Darwin believed the secondary function of calciferous glands is as a digestion aid.
Thin leaves are seized with the mouth by worms.
Thick leaves are dragged by worms by creating a vacuum.
Leaves are used to plug up the burrow by worms.
Stones are used to plug up the burrow by worms.
Plugging up the burrow may deter predators.
Plugging up the burrow may keep out water.
Plugging up the burrow may keep out chilled air.
Darwin's preferred function of plugging up the burrow is to keep out chilled air.
Worms drag leaves in mostly by the tips.
Dragging leaves in by the tips is the easiest way for worms to do it.
Worms change behavior when the base of the leaf is narrower.
Worms drag pine needle clusters in by the base.
Petioles are used to plug up burrows by worms.
Petioles are used for food by worms.
Worms drag experimental triangles of paper by the apex most of the time.
Worms do not rely on trial and error.
Worms excavate burrows by consuming material.
Worms excavate burrows by pushing material away.
Worms mainly consume soil for nutrients.
Worms are found down to six or more feet.
Worms are found especially in extreme conditions.
Burrows are lined by worms.
Lining burrows serves several functions.
Burrows terminate in a chamber lined with stones or seeds.
Worms are found all over the planet.
Some worms are found on isolated islands.
How worms got to isolated islands is a mystery.
Darwin draws on correspondence with people from around the world.
Fritz Müller is a person from Brazil with whom Darwin corresponded.
The amount of earth brought to the surface by worms can be estimated.
The rate at which objects on the surface are buried allows estimation of earth brought to the surface by worms.
Weighing the earth brought up in a given time allows estimation of earth brought to the surface by worms.
Information from farmers on marl allows Darwin to make calculations.
Information from farmers on cinders allows Darwin to make calculations.
Darwin conducted a 29-year experiment on chalk.
Darwin conducted the experiment on chalk at a field near his house.
Objects of all sorts "work themselves downwards" as farmers say.
Large stones sink because worms fill up hollows with castings.
Worms eject castings beyond the perimeter of hollows.
The ground around large stones starts to rise.
Darwin visited Stonehenge.
Darwin found some outer stones at Stonehenge partly buried.
The turf slopes up to meet the outer stones at Stonehenge.
Darwin weighed castings.
Darwin had friends weigh castings in other countries.
Darwin weighed castings per unit area per year.
Darwin worked out how thick a layer of castings would make.
Darwin compared rates of sinking with the thickness of a layer of castings.
Darwin worked out casting weight per worm per year.
Worms have preserved many ancient objects under the ground.
Darwin describes an ancient Roman villa in Abinger, Surrey.
Worms have penetrated the concrete walls of ancient Roman villas.
Worms have penetrated mortar.
Similar subsidence occurred at Beaulieu Abbey, Hampshire.
Worms penetrated gaps between the tiles at Beaulieu Abbey.
Darwin's sons Francis and Horace visited Chedworth Roman Villa in Gloucestershire.
William reported on Brading Roman Villa, Isle of Wight.
Darwin discusses the well-preserved ruins of Silchester Roman Town, Hampshire.
The Rev. J. G. Joyce helped Darwin with the discussion on Silchester Roman Town.
Darwin discusses the case of the Viroconium Roman town ruins at Wroxeter, Shropshire.
Dr. H. Johnson helped Darwin with observations on Viroconium Roman town ruins.
Dr. H. Johnson made observations including the depth of vegetable mould.
Darwin concludes that both worms and other causes have buried ancient ruins.
Other causes include dust deposition.
Other causes include washing down of soil.
Denudation is caused mainly by air movement.
Denudation is caused mainly by water movement.
Humic acids generated by worms disintegrate rock.
Worms' burrowing behavior speeds up the disintegration of rock.
The thickening of the soil layer slows down the disintegration of rock.
Worms swallow hard objects to aid digestion.
Swallowing hard objects causes attrition to such objects.
The attrition of hard objects has geological significance.
The attrition of hard objects is especially significant for smaller particles.
Smaller particles are otherwise eroded very slowly.
Rain causes castings to move down an incline.
Darwin worked out the weight of castings moving a certain distance in a given time.
Some castings roll down.
Some castings collect in drains.
Some castings get blown.
There is a greater effect on casting movement in the tropics.
The greater effect on casting movement in the tropics is due to increased rain.
The finest earth is washed away.
Ledges on hillsides are partly due to casting accumulations.
Ledges on hillsides were formerly believed to be caused by grazing mammals.
High winds are almost as effective as slope/rain in moving castings.
Crowns and furrows of formerly ploughed lands slowly vanish when under pasture.
Crowns and furrows of formerly ploughed lands vanish more slowly when there is no incline.
Fine earth is washed down from slopes.
Fine earth makes a shallow layer.
Dissolving of chalk supplies new earth.
Darwin writes in the conclusion that worms have played a more important part in the history of the world than most persons would at first suppose.
Worms are important for many reasons.
Worms play a role in the decomposition of rocks.
Worms play a role in the gradual denudation of the land.
Worms play a role in the preservation of archaeological remains.
Worms play a role in improving soil conditions for plant growth.
Worms show complex behavior.
Worms show flexible behavior.
Worms have rudimentary sense organs.