Hal Warner is a rich young fellow.
Hal Warner is determined to find the truth for himself about conditions in the mines.
Hal Warner runs away from home.
Hal Warner adopts the alias "Joe Smith."
A coal mine turns away Hal Warner for fear of Hal Warner being a union organizer.
Hal Warner gets a job in another coal mine operated by the General Fuel Company.
Hal Warner befriends many of the workers in the mines.
Hal Warner realizes the workers' misery and exploitation at the hands of the bosses.
Hal Warner befriends Mary Burke.
Mary Burke is a passionate fighter for the workers' rights.
Mary Burke's father is a mine worker.
Mary Burke's father spends his days drinking.
Mary Burke's father leaves Mary Burke to take care of her siblings.
Mary Burke and Hal Warner grow close.
Hal Warner's loyalty to his fiancée back home is torn.
Hal Warner dedicates himself to the workers' cause.
Hal Warner tells the workers that he will appeal to the bosses to become a check weigh man.
The General Fuel Company appoints a company check weigh man.
Hal Warner is eventually put into jail by the marshal.
The marshal is teased by Hal Warner over conditions of the mines.
Hal Warner accuses the marshal of being corrupted and unfair to the workers.
An explosion occurs in the mines.
Hal Warner seeks out Percy Harrigan.
Percy Harrigan is an old friend of Hal Warner.
Peter Harrigan is the father of Percy Harrigan.
Peter Harrigan owns the General Fuel Company.
The workers organize a strike and union to demand their rights from the bosses.
The rescue effort goes longer than expected.
The bosses are more intent on the tools and equipment than the miners.
A boss says, "Damn the man! save the Mules!"
Hal Warner appeals to the United Mine Workers to back the strike.
The United Mine Workers refuse to back the strike.
The United Mine Workers tell Hal Warner that the strike is primitive and unexpected.
The United Mine Workers tell Hal Warner that supporting the strike when it just started would waste the union's resources.
Hal Warner is told to wait a few more years for the other unions to strike.
Only with a massive course of action could the unions win.
Hal Warner is left to tell the workers the grievous news.
The workers cheer out Hal Warner's name.
Some workers call out "Joe Smith."
Some workers call out "Hal."
Hal Warner stands up for the workers.
Hal Warner resolves to return home.
Hal Warner resolves to dedicate his life to the workers' cause.
Hal Warner leaves.
Hal Warner concludes that he is in love with Mary Burke.