Mr. Vane is the protagonist of Lilith.
Mr. Vane owns a library.
The library seems to be haunted by the former librarian.
The former librarian looks much like a raven.
Mr. Vane catches brief glimpses of the wraith.
Mr. Vane finally encounters the supposed ghost.
The supposed ghost is the mysterious Mr. Raven.
Mr. Raven had known Mr. Vane's father.
Mr. Vane's father had visited a strange parallel universe.
Mr. Raven comes and goes from the strange parallel universe.
Mr. Raven now resides in the strange parallel universe.
Mr. Vane follows Mr. Raven into the world through a mirror.
The world is described as "the region of the seven dimensions."
The term "the region of the seven dimensions" is taken from Jacob Boehme.
Inside the world, Mr. Vane learns of a house of beds.
The dreamers sleep in the house of beds until the end of the world in death.
A good death is in which life is found.
Mr. Vane's grandfather refused to sleep in the house of beds.
Mr. Vane's grandfather is forced to do battle with skeletons in a haunted wood.
Mr. Vane undergoes a treacherous journey through a valley.
The moon is the only thing to keep Mr. Vane safe in the valley.
Mr. Vane meets the Little Ones.
The Little Ones are children who never grow up.
The Little Ones remain pure children or become selfish.
The selfish Little Ones get bigger and dumber.
The selfish Little Ones turn into "bags" or bad giants.
Mr. Vane converses with Lona.
Lona is the eldest of the children.
Mr. Vane decides to help the Little Ones.
Mr. Vane sets off to gather more information.
The Raven is also Adam.
The Raven warns Mr. Vane that he needs to sleep along with the dreamers.
Mr. Vane cannot really help the Little Ones until he sleeps.
Mr. Vane meets Lilith.
Lilith is Adam's first wife.
Lilith is the princess of Bulika.
Mr. Vane is nearly blinded by Lilith's beauty and charms.
Mr. Vane eventually leads the Little Ones in a battle against Bulika.
Lona turns out to be Lilith's daughter.
Lona is killed by her own mother.
Lilith is captured and brought to Adam and Eve.
Adam and Eve are at the house of death.
Adam and Eve struggle to make Lilith open her hand.
Lilith's hand is fused shut.
Lilith holds the water the Little Ones need to grow in her hand.
Lilith can only join the sleepers in blissful dreams after she gives up the water.
Lilith can only join the sleepers in blissful dreams if she is free of sin.
Lilith bids Adam cut her hand from her body.
Adam cuts Lilith's hand from her body.
Lilith sleeps after her hand is cut off.
Mr. Vane is sent to bury Lilith's hand.
Water flows from the hole where Lilith's hand was buried.
The water washes the land over.
Mr. Vane is allowed to join the Little Ones.
The Little Ones are already asleep.
Mr. Vane joins the Little Ones in their dreaming.
Mr. Vane takes his bed next to Lona's bed.
Mr. Vane finds true life in death.