The novel begins with the Madden sisters and their childhood friend in Clevedon.
Alice Madden and Virginia Madden are adults who move to London.
Alice Madden and Virginia Madden renew their friendship with Rhoda.
Rhoda is an unmarried bluestocking.
Rhoda is living with Mary Barfoot.
Mary Barfoot is also unmarried.
Alice Madden and Virginia Madden run an establishment teaching secretarial skills to young middle-class women.
The young middle-class women are remaindered in the marriage equation.
Monica Madden is the youngest sister.
Monica Madden is the prettiest sister.
Monica Madden is living above a shop in London.
Edmund Widdowson is a middle-aged bachelor.
Edmund Widdowson stalks Monica Madden.
Edmund Widdowson brow-beats Monica Madden into marriage.
Edmund Widdowson's ardent love turns into jealous obsession.
Edmund Widdowson's jealous obsession suffocates Monica Madden's life.
Everard Barfoot is Mary Barfoot's rakish cousin.
Everard Barfoot decides to court Rhoda.
Everard Barfoot initially courts Rhoda as a challenge to her avowed dislike of love and marriage.
Everard Barfoot later falls in love with Rhoda.
Everard Barfoot finds Rhoda's intellectual independence preferable to the average uneducated woman's inanity.
Rhoda is virulently anti-marriage.
Rhoda decides to indulge Everard Barfoot.
Rhoda intends to turn down any marriage proposal to show her solidarity with her "odd women."
Rhoda falls for Everard Barfoot.
Married Monica Madden meets Bevis.
Bevis is a young, middle-class man.
Bevis pursues Monica Madden.
Bevis represents the romantic ideal from popular novels for Monica Madden.
Bevis lives in the same building as Everard Barfoot.
Monica Madden is determined to elope with Bevis.
Monica Madden goes to Bevis's building.
Monica Madden's husband has hired a detective to follow her.
Monica Madden hears someone follow her up the stairs.
Monica Madden knocks on Barfoot's door to appear innocent.
Monica Madden's action is reported back to Edmund Widdowson.
Edmund Widdowson feels his suspicion has been justified.
Edmund Widdowson informs Mary Barfoot of Everard Barfoot's blackguardly ways.
Rhoda is on holiday in Northumberland.
Everard Barfoot goes to see Rhoda in Northumberland.
Everard Barfoot woos Rhoda.
Everard Barfoot suggests to Rhoda that they enter a free union.
Entering a free union would appear to be consistent with Rhoda's principles.
Rhoda gives Everard Barfoot a conventional "womanly" response.
Rhoda agrees to be with Everard Barfoot only in a legal union.
Everard Barfoot proposes marriage to Rhoda.
Rhoda accepts Everard Barfoot's marriage proposal.
Rhoda receives a letter from Mary Barfoot.
The letter from Mary Barfoot tells of Everard Barfoot's supposed affair with Monica Madden.
Rhoda breaks off her engagement to Everard Barfoot.
Everard Barfoot refuses to give an explanation.
Everard Barfoot insists he is innocent.
Edmund Widdowson confronts Monica Madden over her infidelity.
Monica Madden leaves Edmund Widdowson.
Monica Madden lives at Edmund Widdowson's expense.
Monica Madden moves to Edmund Widdowson's rented house in Clevedon with her sisters.
Virginia Madden has become an alcoholic.
Virginia Madden's way of dealing with being an 'odd woman' is through alcoholism.
Monica Madden is pregnant by her husband.
Monica Madden's pride will not let her reunite with her husband.
Monica Madden visits Rhoda to salve her conscience.
Monica Madden shows Rhoda a love letter from Bevis.
Monica Madden exonerates Everard Barfoot over the alleged affair.
Months after they last saw each other, Everard Barfoot visits Rhoda.
Everard Barfoot asks Rhoda if she still believes him to be guilty.
Everard Barfoot repeats his offer of marriage to Rhoda.
Rhoda assures Everard Barfoot that she believes him innocent.
Rhoda refuses Everard Barfoot's proposal.
Rhoda intimates that Everard Barfoot was "not quite serious" in his professions of love.
Rhoda believes Everard Barfoot was partially testing her principles.
It is too late for Rhoda and Everard Barfoot to reunite.
Everard Barfoot soon gets married to a conventionally educated young woman.
Monica Madden gives birth to a girl.
Monica Madden dies soon after giving birth.
The novel ends with Rhoda holding the baby.
Rhoda is crying and murmuring, "Poor little child!"