Two years have passed since the last book.
Princess Irene goes to Gwyntystorm.
Princess Irene's father goes to Gwyntystorm.
Curdie stays at home with his mother.
Curdie stays at home with his father.
Curdie begins to hunt for pleasure.
Curdie begins to doubt Princess Irene's story of her great-great grandmother.
Curdie shoots down a white pigeon.
Curdie remembers Princess Irene's tale of her grandmother's pigeons.
Curdie assumes the white pigeon he has shot down was one of Princess Irene's grandmother's pigeons.
Curdie becomes aware of his folly.
A light appears at the roof of the castle.
Curdie follows the light.
Curdie meets the old Princess.
The old Princess appears small and withered.
The old Princess's appearance is contrary to Princess Irene's descriptions.
The old Princess gently tells Curdie of his wrong thinking.
Curdie confesses to the old Princess.
Because Curdie now believes, the pigeon heals.
The old Princess tells Curdie to keep his bow and arrows.
The old Princess tells Curdie to use his bow and arrows for good instead of bad things.
The old Princess tells Curdie he must go on a special quest.
The old Princess burns Curdie's hands in her special fire of roses.
Curdie's cleansed hands possess the ability to feel the hands of his fellow men.
Curdie's cleansed hands can detect what kind of person or beast others are on the inside.
The old Princess gives Curdie's father a special emerald.
Curdie's father must keep the special emerald while Curdie is away on the quest.
If Curdie is in danger, the emerald will change colour.
The emerald will alert Curdie's father to go after Curdie.
Curdie is given a monstrous yet friendly beast named Lina as his only travelling companion.
Lina saves Curdie from many perils as they travel to Gwyntystorm.
Curdie's task becomes clear once they reach their destination.
Curdie finds himself at the King's palace.
The King lies weak and ill in his bedchamber.
Princess Irene is the King's only nurse.
Curdie sneaks in to spy on what is going on.
Curdie eavesdrops on the palace servants.
Curdie realizes that the King's "doctor" is actually slowly poisoning the King.
The palace servants have become morally corrupt.
The palace courtiers have become morally corrupt.
The palace servants and courtiers are enemies of the King.
No one can be trusted in the palace.
Princess Irene is in mortal danger.
The King is in mortal danger.
Curdie realizes why the old Princess has sent him.
Curdie must save the King from a plot to poison him.
Curdie must save the King from a plot to steal his kingdom.
Curdie must save the King from a plot to forcibly marry Princess Irene to an evil pretender.
The old Princess has been disguised as a housemaid.
The King, Princess Irene, and the kingdom are saved with the aid of the old Princess.
Curdie and Princess Irene are later married.
Curdie and Princess Irene rule the kingdom after the King dies.
Curdie and Princess Irene have no children.
After Curdie and Princess Irene both die, the kingdom deteriorates.
The kingdom collapses after Curdie and Princess Irene both die.
The kingdom has never been spoken of again.