The "Raffles" stories have two distinct phases.
In the first phase, Raffles and Bunny are men-about-town.
In the first phase, Raffles and Bunny commit burglaries.
Raffles is a famous gentleman cricketer.
Raffles is a marvellous spin bowler.
Raffles is often invited to social events that would be out of his reach otherwise.
Raffles comments that he was asked about for his cricket after the first phase is over.
The first phase ends when Raffles and Bunny are caught and exposed on an ocean voyage.
Raffles and Bunny are caught and exposed while attempting another theft.
Raffles dives overboard during the ocean voyage.
Raffles is presumed drowned after diving overboard.
The stories from the first phase were collected in The Amateur Cracksman.
Other stories set in the first phase were written after Raffles had been "killed off".
The other stories set in the first phase were collected in A Thief in the Night.
The second phase begins some time later.
Bunny has served a prison sentence before the second phase begins.
Bunny is summoned to the house of a rich invalid in the second phase.
The rich invalid turns out to be Raffles himself.
Raffles is back in England in disguise during the second phase.
Raffles and Bunny enter their "professional" period in the second phase.
Raffles and Bunny are exiled from Society during their "professional" period.
Raffles and Bunny are straightforward thieves during their "professional" period.
Raffles and Bunny are trying to earn a living during their "professional" period.
Raffles's identity must be kept a secret during their "professional" period.
Raffles and Bunny volunteer for the Boer War.
Bunny is wounded during the Boer War.
Raffles dies in battle during the Boer War.
Raffles exposes an enemy spy before dying in battle.
The stories from the second phase were originally collected in The Black Mask.
The stories from the second phase were subsequently published in one volume with the phase one stories.
The last few stories in A Thief in the Night were set during the second phase.
Raffles was never quite the same after his reappearance.
The "classic" Raffles elements are all found in the first stories.
The "classic" Raffles elements include cricket.
The "classic" Raffles elements include high society.
The "classic" Raffles elements include West End clubs.
The "classic" Raffles elements include Bond Street jewellers.
The "classic" Raffles elements include two men in immaculate evening dress.
The "classic" Raffles elements include pulling off impossible robberies.