The book mostly follows the lives of Plumfield boys.
The book introduces Tommy, Emil, Demi, Nat, Dan, Professor Bhaer, and Jo's sons Rob and Teddy.
The book takes place ten years after Little Men.
Dolly and George are college students.
Dolly and George deal with the temptations of snobbery.
Dolly and George deal with the temptations of arrogance.
Dolly and George deal with the temptations of self-indulgence.
Dolly and George deal with the temptations of vanity.
Tommy becomes a medical student.
Tommy becomes a medical student to impress childhood sweetheart Nan.
Tommy accidentally falls in love with Dora.
Tommy proposes to Dora.
Tommy joins his family business.
Sections of Jo's Boys follow the travels of former students.
Former students have deep emotional ties to Plumfield.
Former students have deep emotional ties to the Bhaers.
Professor Bhaer's nephew Emil is now a sailor.
Emil takes off on his first voyage as second mate.
Emil shows his true strength when he is shipwrecked.
The captain is badly injured during Emil's first voyage.
Dan seeks his fortune in the West.
Dan ends up in jail.
Dan falls in love with Jo's niece.
Jo's niece is Amy's daughter Bess.
Nat begins a musical career in Europe.
Nat's musical career takes him away from Daisy.
Nat falls in with a frivolous crowd.
Nat unintentionally leads a young woman on.
Nat does not marry the young woman he leads on.
Romance plays a role in Jo's Boys.
Franz finds his own wife.
Emil finds his own wife.
Tommy is engaged by the end of the book.
Demi is engaged by the end of the book.
Nat is engaged by the end of the book.
Daisy is engaged by the end of the book.
Nan remains single.
Nan is dedicated to her medical career.
Dan commits the one sin he and Jo always feared he would.
Dan commits the sin in defense of both self and a younger boy, Blair.
Dan kills a man who cheats Blair in gambling.
Dan is sentenced to a year in prison with hard labour.
Dan only just gets through his sentence.
Following his release, Dan saves mine workers from drowning.
Dan is brought back home a hero.
Dan confides in Mother Bhaer about his sin.
Dan confides in Mother Bhaer about the punishment that followed his sin.
Mother Bhaer discovers Dan's fancy for Bess.
Mother Bhaer is not entirely surprised by Dan's fancy for Bess.
Dan tells Mother Bhaer of his fancy for Bess.
Dan tells Mother Bhaer that Bess seemed like the bright northern star which guided him.
Jo knows that Amy wouldn't approve of Dan's fancy for Bess.
Jo makes sure that the Laurences are away when Dan leaves again.
Dan dies protecting the Indians.
Dan lies in peace as if Aslauga's Knight had done his duty.