Joseph Rouletabille is a reporter and amateur sleuth.
Joseph Rouletabille is sent to investigate a criminal case at the Château du Glandier.
Joseph Rouletabille takes along his friend the lawyer Sainclair.
Sainclair narrates the events of the investigation.
Mathilde Stangerson is the 30-something daughter of the castle's owner.
Professor Joseph Stangerson is the owner of the castle.
Mathilde Stangerson was found near-critically battered in a room adjacent to Professor Joseph Stangerson's laboratory.
The door to the room where Mathilde Stangerson was found is still locked from the inside.
Mathilde Stangerson recovers slowly.
Mathilde Stangerson can make no useful testimony.
Joseph Rouletabille meets several characters during his investigation.
Joseph Rouletabille interrogates the castle's concierges Mr and Mrs Bernier.
Joseph Rouletabille interrogates the old servant Jacques.
Joseph Rouletabille interrogates an unfriendly inn landlord.
Joseph Rouletabille interrogates a womanising gamekeeper.
Joseph Rouletabille begins a friendly rivalry with Frédéric Larsan.
Frédéric Larsan is France's top police detective.
Frédéric Larsan has been assigned to the case.
Frédéric Larsan suspects Mathilde Stangerson's fiancé Robert Darzac.
Joseph Rouletabille is dismayed by Frédéric Larsan's suspicion of Robert Darzac.
More attempts are made on Mathilde Stangerson's life.
Joseph Rouletabille and Frédéric Larsan provide protection for Mathilde Stangerson.
The perpetrator appears to vanish on two occasions.
The perpetrator vanishes when Joseph Rouletabille and Frédéric Larsan are closing in on him.
The vanishing of the perpetrator echoes Professor Joseph Stangerson's research into "matter dissociation."
The gamekeeper is murdered during the second attempt on Mathilde Stangerson's life.
Frédéric Larsan arrests Robert Darzac.
Robert Darzac is charged with murder attempts.
Joseph Rouletabille suspects that Robert Darzac has secret reasons not to defend himself.
Joseph Rouletabille disappears to make further investigations.
Two-and-a-half months later, Robert Darzac's trial opens.
Joseph Rouletabille reappears sensationally at Robert Darzac's trial.
Joseph Rouletabille tells the court that the culprit is Frédéric Larsan.
Joseph Rouletabille accuses Frédéric Larsan of being an alter-ego of a master criminal called Ballmeyer.
Frédéric Larsan appeared to vanish on two occasions.
Frédéric Larsan was one of the pursuers during the two occasions he vanished.
Robert Darzac is released when it emerges that Frédéric Larsan has vanished.
Frédéric Larsan vanished after Joseph Rouletabille warned him he would accuse him in court.
The mystery of the locked Yellow Room is explained.
Frédéric Larsan assaulted Mathilde Stangerson earlier in the day than originally thought.
Mathilde Stangerson hid the traces of the attack.
Mathilde Stangerson locked herself in the room.
Mathilde Stangerson fell off her bed during the night.
Mathilde Stangerson inflicted the gravest of her wounds by hitting her temple on the corner of her bedside table.
The background to these events is kept secret in court.
Sainclair finally explains the background to the events.
Ballmeyer had seduced Mathilde Stangerson in her youth.
Ballmeyer married Mathilde Stangerson secretly in the United States.
Ballmeyer and Mathilde Stangerson had a child before Ballmeyer was arrested.
Ballmeyer's identity was revealed to Mathilde Stangerson after his arrest.
Mathilde Stangerson arranged for her son's care and education.
Mathilde Stangerson hid the whole saga from Professor Joseph Stangerson.
Mathilde Stangerson's silence was motivated by her desperation to keep Professor Joseph Stangerson from finding out.
Robert Darzac's behavior was motivated by Mathilde Stangerson's desperation to keep Professor Joseph Stangerson from finding out.
Ballmeyer decided to reappear in Mathilde Stangerson's life.
Ballmeyer intended to claim Mathilde Stangerson as his wife once more.
Ballmeyer intended to claim Mathilde Stangerson by force if necessary.