Dorothy Gale is at home in Kansas one day.
Dorothy Gale has a pet dog named Toto.
Dorothy Gale and Toto meet the Shaggy Man.
The Shaggy Man comes walking past the Gale farm.
The Shaggy Man is a friendly hobo.
The Shaggy Man is slightly senile.
The Shaggy Man has an optimistic mentality.
The Shaggy Man politely asks Dorothy Gale for directions to Butterfield.
Butterfield is the nearest town on the prairie.
Dorothy Gale agrees to show the Shaggy Man the way.
Dorothy Gale brings Toto with her.
The road splits into seven paths.
Dorothy Gale and the Shaggy Man take the seventh path.
Dorothy Gale, Toto, and the Shaggy Man find themselves lost.
Dorothy Gale, Toto, and the Shaggy Man are in another dimension.
Dorothy Gale, Toto, and the Shaggy Man meet Button-Bright.
Button-Bright is a cute little boy.
Button-Bright is wealthy.
Button-Bright wears a sailor's outfit.
Button-Bright is always getting lost.
Dorothy Gale, Toto, and the Shaggy Man encounter Polychrome.
Polychrome is the Daughter of the Rainbow.
Polychrome is beautiful and ethereal.
Polychrome is stranded on earth.
Polychrome explains that she accidentally fell off her father's bow.
Polychrome was dancing on her father's bow.
Polychrome's father's bow ascended into the atmosphere.
Polychrome's father's bow returned to the clouds.
Polychrome was unable to climb back onto her father's bow.
Dorothy Gale, Toto, the Shaggy Man, Button-Bright, and Polychrome come to the town of Foxville.
Foxville is peculiar.
Foxville is inhabited by anthropomorphic foxes.
King Dox of Foxville prompts Dorothy Gale.
Dorothy Gale deduces that she and Toto are on another "fairy adventure."
The "fairy adventure" will ultimately lead Dorothy Gale and Toto to the magical Land of Oz.
The "fairy adventure" will lead Dorothy Gale and Toto to Princess Ozma's royal birthday party.
Princess Ozma's royal birthday party is acknowledged as August 21 by Oz fans.
The book only refers to the 21st of the month.
Dorothy Gale mentions that the current month is August.
King Dox takes a particular liking to Button-Bright.
King Dox considers Button-Bright astute and clever.
King Dox believes that the human face does not suit someone clever.
King Dox gives Button-Bright a fox's head.
A similar event happens to the Shaggy Man.
King Kik-a-Bray of Dunkiton confers a donkey's head upon the Shaggy Man.
King Kik-a-Bray confers the donkey's head upon the Shaggy Man in reward for cleverness.
Foxville and Dunkiton exist at odds with one another.
Dorothy Gale and her companions meet the Musicker.
The Musicker produces music from his breath.
Dorothy Gale and her companions fight off the Scoodlers.
The Scoodlers fight by removing their own heads.
The Scoodlers throw their own heads at the travelers.
Dorothy Gale and her companions reach the edge of the Deadly Desert.
The Deadly Desert completely surrounds Oz.
Johnny Dooit builds a "sand-boat."
The "sand-boat" allows them to cross the Deadly Desert.
Physical contact with the desert's sands will turn travelers to dust.
This fact is stated in this book.
This fact is also stated in Ozma of Oz (1907).
Dorothy Gale and her companions are warmly welcomed by Tik-Tok.
Tik-Tok is a mechanical man.
Dorothy Gale and her companions are warmly welcomed by Billina.
Billina is the Yellow Hen.
Dorothy Gale and her companions travel to the Truth Pond.
Button-Bright and the Shaggy Man regain their true heads by bathing in the Truth Pond's waters.
Dorothy Gale and her companions meet the Tin Woodman.
Dorothy Gale and her companions meet the Scarecrow.
Dorothy Gale and her companions meet Jack Pumpkinhead.
The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Jack Pumpkinhead journey with Dorothy Gale and her companions to Emerald City.
Emerald City is the imperial capital.
Dorothy Gale meets Ozma.
Ozma's chariot is pulled in by the Cowardly Lion.
Ozma's chariot is pulled in by the Hungry Tiger.
Preparations for Ozma's birthday party are made.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Dorothy Gale.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Scarecrow.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Tin Woodman.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Cowardly Lion.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Wizard of Oz.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Jack Pumpkinhead.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Sawhorse.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Tik-Tok.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Billina.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Jellia Jamb.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Woggle-Bug.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Hungry Tiger.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Good Witch of the North.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Shaggy Man.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Button-Bright.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Polychrome.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include characters from all over Nonestica.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Santa Claus.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include a band of Ryls.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include a bunch of Knooks from the Forest of Burzee.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Queen Zixi of Ix.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Queen of Merryland.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include four wooden soldiers.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Candy Man from Merryland.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Braided Man from Boboland's Pyramid Mountain.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Royal Family of the Land of Ev.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include King Bud.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Princess Fluff from Noland.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include John Dough.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Chick the Cherub.
The guests at Ozma's birthday party include Para Bruin the Rubber Bear from Hiland and Loland.
King Dox gives the Shaggy Man permission to stay in Oz permanently.
The Shaggy Man is given a new suit of clothes.
The Shaggy Man's new suit of clothes has bobtails.
The Shaggy Man's new suit of clothes replaces his former costume's ragged edges.
The Shaggy Man retains his name and identity.
Everyone presents their gifts at Ozma's birthday party.
Everyone feasts at a lavish banquet in Ozma's honor.
The Wizard of Oz demonstrates a method of using bubbles as transportation.
The method of using bubbles sends everyone home.
Polychrome is found by her rainbow family.
Polychrome is magically lifted into the sky.
Polychrome climbs back onto her bow.
Button-Bright goes home with Santa Claus.
Button-Bright goes to the North Pole in a soap bubble.
Dorothy Gale and Toto are wished back home to Kansas by Ozma.
Ozma uses the Magic Belt to wish Dorothy Gale and Toto back home.