The novel is intensely autobiographical.
Rihani immigrated as a child.
The novel tells the story of two boys.
The two boys are named Khalid and Shakib.
Khalid and Shakib are from Baalbek in Lebanon.
Baalbek was part of the Syrian province of the Ottoman Empire at the time.
Khalid and Shakib migrate together to the United States.
Khalid and Shakib come by ship through Ellis Island.
Khalid and Shakib endure the classic "Via Dolorosa" of an immigrant.
Khalid and Shakib move into a wet cellar in the Little Syria community of Lower Manhattan.
The wet cellar is near Battery Park.
Khalid and Shakib begin to peddle counterfeit Holy Land trinkets and religious items throughout the city.
Peddling counterfeit Holy Land trinkets and religious items is a typical Arab endeavor in America.
Shakib is focused on accumulating savings through peddling.
Shakib is a poet.
Khalid becomes distracted from commercial activity.
Khalid frantically consumes Western literature.
Khalid participates in the New York City intellectual and bohemian scene.
Khalid burns his peddling box.
Khalid decries the dishonesty of their sales.
Khalid shifts towards party politics after exhaustion from reckless "bohemian" pursuits.
Khalid is offered the position of a functionary and ward for the Arab community.
Khalid works within the machine politics of the city.
Khalid insists on moral purity in his political work.
Khalid's insistence on moral purity causes conflict with his "Boss."
Khalid is jailed for a brief time of ten days.
Shakib helps secure Khalid's release from jail.
Khalid is jailed under the charge of misapplying public funds.
Khalid and Shakib decide to return to Lebanon before long.
Khalid shifts back to intense peddling for a time after returning to Lebanon.
Khalid pays off his accumulated debts.
Khalid earns funds for return passage.
Christoph Schumann has stated that the subsequent course of events mirrors the progress of Khalid's American experience.
The progress of Khalid's American experience includes spiritual retreat.
The progress of Khalid's American experience includes political activism.
The progress of Khalid's American experience includes persecution.
Khalid engages in a series of actions that anger Maronite clerics in his home city.
Khalid refuses to attend church services.
Khalid spreads pamphlets and ideas seen as heretical.
Khalid presses his wish to marry Najma.
Najma is a young cousin of Khalid.
Church leaders refuse to grant consent for Khalid to marry Najma.
Khalid is excommunicated as a result of the growing conflict.
Najma is forced to marry another man.
Khalid moves to the mountain forests.
Khalid starts to live as a hermit.
During his period of exile, Khalid contemplates nature.
Khalid integrates lessons learned in America with his views on the cultural and political dilemmas of the Arab world.
Khalid evolves into a self-identified "voice" for the Arabs.
Khalid chooses to return to spread his views on liberation from the Ottoman Empire.
Khalid chooses to spread his views on the importance of religious unity.
Khalid chooses to spread his views on scientific progress.
Khalid travels to different cities.
Khalid engages in political and spiritual speech during his travels.
Khalid periodically writes letters to Shakib.
Khalid meets an American Baha'i woman named Mrs. Gotfry.
Khalid discursively engages with Mrs. Gotfry on questions of love and religion.
Khalid travels to Damascus.
Khalid speaks in the Great Mosque about his views of the West.
Khalid speaks in the Great Mosque about his views of religious tradition.
Khalid produces a riot in the Great Mosque.
The Ottoman authorities pursue Khalid's arrest after the riot.
Khalid flees with Mrs. Gotfry to Baalbek.
Khalid meets Shakib in Baalbek.
Khalid learns that Najma is abandoned and now ill.
Najma has a young son.
Khalid, Mrs. Gotfry, Najma, her son, and Shakib flee to the Egyptian desert.
Khalid and the others flee to escape the Ottoman authorities.
Khalid and the others spend several months in the desert.
Mrs. Gotfry leaves after an idyllic period in the desert.
Shakib leaves after an idyllic period in the desert.
Najma's son, Najid, dies suddenly of an unexpected illness.
Najma relapses and follows Najid in death in her grief.
Khalid disappears.
Khalid does not contact Shakib.
Khalid's whereabouts are unknown.