Joseph Mason of Groby Park, Yorkshire, died.
Joseph Mason of Groby Park, Yorkshire, left his estate to his family.
A codicil to Joseph Mason's will left Orley Farm to Joseph Mason's much younger second wife.
A codicil to Joseph Mason's will left Orley Farm to Joseph Mason's infant son.
The will and the codicil were in Joseph Mason's second wife's handwriting.
There were three witnesses to the will and the codicil.
One of the witnesses to the will and the codicil was no longer alive.
A court case confirmed the codicil.
Twenty years passed after Joseph Mason's death.
Lady Mason lives at Orley Farm.
Lady Mason lives at Orley Farm with her adult son, Lucius.
Lucius asked Samuel Dockwrath to leave Orley Farm.
Lucius wants to try new intensive farming methods.
Samuel Dockwrath is aggrieved by Lucius's request.
Samuel Dockwrath knows of the original court case.
John Kenneby was one of the witnesses to the codicil.
John Kenneby had been an unsuccessful suitor of Samuel Dockwrath's wife, Miriam Usbech.
Samuel Dockwrath investigates the codicil.
Samuel Dockwrath finds a second deed signed by the same witnesses on the same date.
The witnesses can remember signing only one deed.
Samuel Dockwrath travels to Groby Park in Yorkshire.
Joseph Mason the younger lives at Groby Park with his comically parsimonious wife.
Samuel Dockwrath persuades Joseph Mason the younger to have Lady Mason prosecuted for forgery.
The prosecution of Lady Mason for forgery fails.
Lady Mason later confesses privately that she committed forgery.
Lady Mason is prompted by conscience to give up the estate.
There are various subplots in the narrative.
The main subplot deals with a slowly unfolding romance between Felix Graham and Madeline Staveley.
Felix Graham is a young and relatively poor barrister without family.
Madeline Staveley is the daughter of Judge Stavely of Noningsby.
Felix Graham has a long-standing engagement to Mary Snow.
Mary Snow is penniless.
Felix Graham supports and educates Mary Snow while she is being "moulded" to be his wife.
The Cleve lies between the Staveleys at Alston and Orley Farm at Hamworth.
Sir Peregrine Orme lives at the Cleve with his daughter-in-law, Mrs. Orme.
Sir Peregrine Orme lives at the Cleve with his grandson, Peregrine.
Sir Peregrine falls in love with Lady Mason.
Sir Peregrine is briefly engaged to Lady Mason.
Lady Mason calls off the engagement to Sir Peregrine.
Lady Mason calls off the engagement when she realizes the seriousness of the court case.
Mr. Furnival is another barrister.
Mr. Furnival befriends Lady Mason.
Mr. Furnival's wife becomes jealous of Lady Mason.
Mr. Furnival has a daughter named Sophia.
Sophia has a brief relationship with Augustus Stavely.
Sophia has a brief engagement to Lucius Mason.
Eventually, Mr. Furnival and his wife are reconciled.
Sophia's engagement to Lucius Mason is dropped.
Sophia is portrayed as an intelligent woman.
Sophia writes comically skillful letters.