David moves to a new house at the base of some beautiful mountains.
The next day, David decides to climb the mountains.
David reaches the summit.
David encounters the Phoenix at the summit.
David and the Phoenix are frightened of each other at first.
The Phoenix had been chased by a Scientist for several weeks.
David had never seen anything like the Phoenix before.
The Phoenix seems quite flattered by David's attentions.
The Phoenix takes a shine to David.
The Phoenix decides to educate David about various legendary creatures in the world.
The Phoenix wants to round out David's knowledge.
Years of hiding from scientists have made the Phoenix's wings flabby.
David has to coach the Phoenix on flying.
The first adventure in the Phoenix's curriculum for David involves seeing the Gryffins.
The Gryffins are said to be the friendliest of three similar races: the Gryffins, Gryffons, and Gryffens.
David and the Phoenix first meet a Witch on their journey.
The Witch goads the Phoenix into a race.
The Phoenix wins the race against the Witch.
David never actually meets a Gryffin on his first journey.
The Phoenix attempts to talk to a lazy Gryffen.
David and the Phoenix get captured by the Gryffons.
The Gryffons are violent and arrogant.
The Gryffons sentence the Phoenix to death for bringing humans into their magic world.
The Phoenix and David escape the Gryffon Cave through combined ingenuity.
The Phoenix keeps his appointment with the Witch.
David returns home to meet the Scientist visiting his parents.
The Scientist is unpleasant.
David's evasiveness makes the Scientist suspicious.
David warns the Phoenix about the Scientist.
The Scientist shows up later that night, exhausted from his race.
David and the Phoenix begin implementing various plans to avoid the Scientist.
David and the Phoenix find some buried treasure with the help of a Sea Monster.
The Sea Monster is gruff but friendly.
David and the Phoenix spend the gold coins on magic items.
David and the Phoenix aim to foil the Scientist's plot to capture the rare bird.
David visits the magical world to buy necessities.
David has a brief adventure with a prankster Leprechaun.
David meets a cantankerous potion-selling Hag.
David makes friends with a Faun.
The Faun races and plays with David.
The Faun joins his people for an alluring dance in the Forest.
The Phoenix rescues David from remaining too long in the magical world.
The magical world could absorb beings who are not magical.
David and the Phoenix use their collected magical items to sabotage the Scientist's equipment.
David and the Phoenix frighten the Scientist into leaving town for the moment.
The old Phoenix celebrates his 500th birthday.
The old Phoenix reveals he must "bow to tradition."
The old Phoenix must build himself a pyre of cinnamon logs.
David tearfully complies with the old Phoenix's wishes.
David buys the necessary items from town.
The Scientist shows up and follows David up the mountain trails.
The Phoenix is reborn as a hatchling.
The hatchling does not yet comprehend its peril.
David appeals to the young Phoenix.
The young Phoenix dimly recognizes David as a friend.
The young Phoenix flies away to avoid captivity.
David watches as the Old Phoenix's token, a blue feather, changes to a golden hue.