The complex structure of the books begins with a Preface signed by Lloyd.
The Preface presents the frame concept.
Lloyd has discovered a thirty-year-old manuscript by Llewellyn Drury in a library.
The book's Chapter I begins the story of how Llewellyn Drury met the mysterious "I-Am-The-Man".
"I-Am-The-Man" reads his own manuscript account of his adventures to Llewellyn Drury over many sessions.
The mysterious stranger is also known as The-Man-Who-Did-It.
The-Man-Who-Did-It relates events that supposedly occurred thirty years earlier.
The events supposedly occurred during the early part of the nineteenth century.
By his account, the speaker is kidnapped by fellow members of a secret society.
The speaker is suspected to be a threat to the secrecy of the secret society.
The kidnapping was likely based on the 1826 kidnapping of William Morgan.
The kidnapping contributed to the start of the Anti-Masonry movement.
"I-Am-The-Man" is taken to a cave in Kentucky.
"I-Am-The-Man" is led by a cavern dweller on a long subterranean journey.
The journey becomes an inner journey of the spirit.
The journey is as much a geographical trip through underground realms.
The book blends passages on the nature of physical phenomena with spiritualist speculation.
The book includes adventure-story elements like traversing a landscape of giant mushrooms.
The whole ends with a summary letter from "I-Am-The-Man".
The whole ends with a conclusion from Llewellyn Drury.
Subsequent editions of the book added various prefatory materials.
Subsequent editions of the book added various supplementary materials.
The secret society is not named.
The narrator is made to take an oath by raising his hand.
The narrator repeats after a man who acts as his guide.
The oath includes the phrase, "To all this I most solemnly and sincerely promise and swear, with a firm and steadfast resolution to keep and perform my oath, without the least equivocation, mental reservation, or self-evasion whatever."
The oath is reminiscent of initiatory oaths of multiple degrees in Masonry.
A man the narrator encounters around the end of the novel says, "The future is operative and speculative."
The statement "The future is operative and speculative" is reminiscent of "operative" and "speculative" Freemasonry.
The statement is reminiscent of "speculative science and the operative art" in Freemasonry.