Madeline Hall is an old mansion-house near Southampton.
Madeline Hall belongs to the wealthy de Versely family.
Miss Delmar is an elderly spinster.
Miss Delmar is the aunt of the earl de Versely.
Miss Delmar is the aunt of Captain Delmar.
Miss Delmar invites Arabella Mason to stay with her.
Arabella Mason is the daughter of a deceased steward.
The steward was well-liked.
Arabella Mason stays with Miss Delmar as a lower-class guest.
Captain Delmar frequently visits Miss Delmar at Madeline Hall.
Captain Delmar is accompanied by his valet Ben Keene.
Ben Keene is also a private marine.
Captain Delmar suggests that Ben Keene should propose to Arabella Mason.
Ben Keene and Arabella Mason marry in secret.
Miss Delmar is frustrated by the secret marriage.
Arabella Mason's mother is frustrated by the secret marriage.
Arabella Mason is six months pregnant at the time of the marriage.
Arabella Mason later gives birth to a boy.
The boy takes Captain Delmar's Christian name.
The boy takes Ben Keene's surname.
The boy is named Percival Keene.
The family moves to Chatham.
Ben Keene is ordered back with his detachment.
Arabella Mason opens a successful shop.
Arabella Mason opens a circulating library below her house.
Arabella Mason enlists the help of her mother.
Arabella Mason enlists the help of her sister Amelia.
Percival Keene becomes well known in town.
Percival Keene is known for his mischievous pranks.
Percival Keene plays pranks on officers and other strangers.
Percival Keene is often encouraged by his aunt Amelia.
Percival Keene's mother is less fond of his disregard for manners.
Percival Keene's grandmother is less fond of his disregard for manners.
Percival Keene's mother insists on sending him to school.
Percival Keene bites his grandmother.
Percival Keene reports to the school house of Mr. O'Gallagher.
Mr. O'Gallagher is a poor Irish scholar.
Mr. O'Gallagher rules his class with severe corporal punishment.
Mr. O'Gallagher routinely bullies Percival Keene.
Mr. O'Gallagher steals Percival Keene's lunch.
Percival Keene seeks revenge on Mr. O'Gallagher.
Percival Keene poisons his sandwiches with calomel.
On Guy Fawkes Day, the schoolteacher confiscates all the schoolboys' fireworks.
Percival Keene retaliates by setting off the collected fireworks.
The schoolteacher sits above the fireworks when they are set off.
The schoolhouse is totally destroyed.
The schoolmaster nearly dies from the explosion.
Captain Delmar reappears when Percival Keene is a young teenager.
Captain Delmar offers Percival Keene a position aboard his new navy ship.
The navy ship is named the H.M. Calliope.
While preparing to enter service, Percival Keene overhears gossip about his illegitimate birth.
The gossip introduces the idea that Captain Delmar may be Percival Keene's father.
Percival Keene confronts his mother about his parentage.
Percival Keene's mother harshly denies his parentage at first.
Percival Keene's mother later tearfully explains the truth of her affair.
Percival Keene is captured during a pirate raid.
Others are captured during the pirate raid.
The pirate crew is entirely black.
The pirate captain explains that the crew are primarily escaped slaves from the Americas.
Percival Keene is taken in as a cabin boy.
Percival Keene dyes his skin tan.
Percival Keene dyes his skin to please the captain.
The captain does not approve of white skin.
The pirates often seek to take over slave trading vessels.
The pirates kill every white person on board the vessels.
During the taking of one vessel, Percival Keene convinces the captain to spare the lives of a wealthy Dutch merchant.
Percival Keene convinces the captain to spare the life of the Dutch merchant's young daughter, Minnie.
The H.M. Calliope takes the pirate ship.
Percival Keene is unrecognizable with his dyed skin.
Percival Keene is taken as a prisoner.
Percival Keene convinces his fellow shipman of his true identity.
After his reappearance aboard the ship, Percival Keene gains esteem among the crew.
Percival Keene is welcomed back by Captain Delmar.
Percival Keene's reputation continues to grow during his service.
Percival Keene serves in conflicts with Dutch vessels.
Percival Keene serves in conflicts with French vessels.
Percival Keene serves around the island of Curacao.
Percival Keene stands in for an ill Captain Delmar in a duel.
Percival Keene effectively saves Captain Delmar's life.
Captain Delmar receives news that his older brother has died.
Captain Delmar becomes the new Lord de Versely.
Before returning to England, Captain Delmar grants Percival Keene command of his own schooner.
Percival Keene is promoted to captain after a successful battle.
Percival Keene still partakes in the merry pranks of his youth during his service.
Percival Keene teams up with a mulatto hotel owner in Curacao.
Percival Keene and the hotel owner convince fellow officers they have been poisoned.
Percival Keene keeps correspondence with Minnie.
Percival Keene develops a romance with Minnie.
Near the end of the story, Percival Keene guides his crew through a terrible storm.
Many of the crew are killed in the storm.
The ship is heavily damaged in the storm.
Percival Keene is saved by another English vessel.
Percival Keene receives a letter informing him of Lord de Versely's sudden death.
Lord de Versely dies from heart complications.
Percival Keene learns that he has been left all of Lord de Versely's personal property.
Percival Keene is disappointed that he cannot take his father's name.
Percival Keene journeys with his friend Bob Cross to Hamburg.
Percival Keene journeys to reunite with Minnie.
Percival Keene is captured by French troops on the road.
Percival Keene is sentenced to execution for spying.
Percival Keene and Bob Cross escape during a skirmish.
Percival Keene and Bob Cross continue on the road.
At the end of the novel, Percival Keene proposes to Minnie.
Percival Keene stands to inherit a great fortune through Minnie's father.
Percival Keene receives a letter from the de Versely attorney.
The letter informs Percival Keene that he has been granted the arms and name of Delmar.