Apollo comes out from Admetus' palace in Pherae.
Apollo is dressed in white.
Apollo is carrying his golden bow.
Apollo intends to leave to avoid becoming stained by the imminent death of Alcestis.
Alcestis is being comforted within the palace.
Apollo offers an exposition of the events leading up to this moment.
Thanatos has come to the palace.
Thanatos is dressed in black.
Thanatos is carrying a sword.
Thanatos has come to lead Alcestis to the underworld.
Thanatos challenges Apollo's apparent defense of Alcestis.
Thanatos accuses Apollo of "twisting slippery tricks."
Apollo helped Admetus cheat death in the first place.
Apollo reassures Thanatos.
Apollo proposes a postponement of Alcestis' death.
Thanatos sarcastically rebuffs Apollo's proposal.
Thanatos concludes that Apollo may not have what is not his.
Apollo leaves angrily.
Apollo prophesies the arrival of a man named Heracles.
Heracles will wrestle Alcestis away from Death.
Thanatos warns that words are not enough.
Thanatos summons the doors open with the tip of his sword.
Thanatos slowly enters the palace.
A chorus of fifteen men of Pherae enters the orchestra of the theatre.
The chorus is led by a coryphaeus.
The chorus-leader complains that they are in a state of suspense.
The chorus is ignorant of whether they ought to be performing mourning rituals for their queen.
The chorus sings a lyrical ode.
The chorus' lyrical ode consists of two paired stanzas of strophe and antistrophe.
The chorus sings of the silence that greets their search for signs of mourning.
The chorus sings of the evidence of Alcestis' death.
The chorus laments that when goodness dies, all good men suffer, too.
The chorus-leader dismisses the chorus' search for hope in the situation.
The King has exhausted every ritual.
A maidservant enters from the palace in tears.
The maidservant gives a confusing response to the chorus-leader.
The maidservant states that Alcestis is alive and dead.
Alcestis stands on the brink of life and death.
The chorus-leader confirms that all of the customary preparations have been made for Alcestis' proper burial.
The maidservant praises Alcestis' virtue.
The maidservant narrates a long description of Alcestis' prayers and preparations to die.
Alcestis cried over the bridal bed that will destroy her.
Alcestis embraced her sobbing children.
Alcestis bade all farewell.
Admetus held Alcestis weeping in his arms.
Alcestis' eyes clung to the sight of the last rays of sun she would see.
The maidservant welcomes the chorus-leader to the palace.
The maidservant goes inside to inform Admetus of their arrival.
Alcestis requests that Admetus never again marry in return for her sacrifice.
Alcestis requests that Admetus never forget her.
Alcestis requests that Admetus never place a resentful stepmother in charge of their children.
Admetus agrees to Alcestis' requests.
Admetus promises to lead a life of solemnity in Alcestis' honour.
Admetus promises to abstain from the merrymaking that was an integral part of his household.
Alcestis then dies.
Heracles arrives at the palace.
Heracles has no idea of the sorrow that has befallen the place.
Admetus decides not to burden Heracles with the sad news.
Admetus instructs the servants to make Heracles welcome.
Admetus instructs the servants to keep their mouths shut.
Admetus breaks his promise to Alcestis to abstain from merrymaking.
Heracles gets drunk.
Heracles begins to irritate the servants.
The servants loved their queen.
The servants are bitter at not being allowed to mourn Alcestis properly.
One of the servants snaps at Heracles.
One of the servants tells Heracles what has happened.
Heracles is deeply embarrassed at his blunder.
Heracles is deeply embarrassed at his bad behaviour.
Heracles decides to ambush and confront Death when the funerary sacrifices are made at Alcestis' tomb.
Heracles returns with a veiled woman.
Heracles tells Admetus he has won the veiled woman in a competition.
Heracles asks Admetus to take care of the veiled woman while Heracles is away on his labours.
Heracles forces a reluctant Admetus to take the veiled woman by the hand.
When Admetus lifts the veil, he finds that it appears to be Alcestis.
Alcestis has returned from the dead.
Heracles has battled Death.
Heracles has forced Death to give Alcestis up.
Alcestis cannot speak for three days.
After three days, Alcestis will be purified.
After three days, Alcestis will be fully restored to life.