Chichikov is a middle-aged gentleman of middling social class and means.
Chichikov arrives in a small town.
Chichikov turns on the charm to woo key local officials and landowners.
Chichikov reveals little about his past.
Chichikov reveals little about his purpose.
Chichikov sets about carrying out his bizarre and mysterious plan to acquire "dead souls."
The government would tax the landowners based on how many serfs the landowner owned.
The number of serfs owned by the landowner is determined by the census.
Censuses in this period were infrequent.
Landowners would often be paying taxes on serfs that were no longer living.
The serfs that were no longer living are referred to as "dead souls."
Chichikov seeks to purchase dead souls from the landlords in the villages he visits.
Chichikov tells the prospective sellers that he has a use for the dead souls.
Chichikov tells the sellers that selling the dead souls would relieve the present owners of a needless tax burden.
The townspeople Chichikov comes across are gross caricatures.
The townspeople Chichikov comes across are not flat stereotypes.
Each townspeople is neurotically individual.
The townspeople combine official failings that Gogol typically satirizes with a curious set of personal quirks.
Chichikov assumes that the ignorant provincials will be eager to give their dead souls up in exchange for a token payment.
The task of collecting the rights to dead people proves difficult.
The difficulty in collecting rights to dead people is due to the persistent greed of the landowners.
The difficulty in collecting rights to dead people is due to the suspicion of the landowners.
The difficulty in collecting rights to dead people is due to the general distrust of the landowners.
Chichikov manages to acquire some 400 souls.
Chichikov swears the sellers to secrecy.
Chichikov returns to the town to have the transactions recorded legally.
Chichikov continues to be treated like a prince amongst the petty officials.
A celebration is thrown in honour of Chichikov's purchases.
Rumours flare up that the serfs Chichikov bought are all dead.
Rumours flare up that Chichikov was planning to elope with the Governor's daughter.
The confusion that ensues conveys the backwardness of the irrational, gossip-hungry townspeople.
Absurd suggestions come to light regarding Chichikov.
One absurd suggestion is that Chichikov is Napoleon in disguise.
Another absurd suggestion is that Chichikov is the notorious vigilante 'Captain Kopeikin'.
Chichikov is immediately ostracized from the company he had been enjoying.
Chichikov has no choice but to flee the town in disgrace.
Chichikov is revealed by the author to be a former mid-level government official.
Chichikov was fired for corruption.
Chichikov narrowly avoided jail.
Chichikov's mission to acquire "dead souls" is just another one of his "get rich quick" schemes.
Once Chichikov acquires enough dead souls, he will take out an enormous loan against them.
Chichikov will pocket the money from the loan.
In the novel's second section, Chichikov flees to another part of Russia.
Chichikov attempts to continue his venture in another part of Russia.
Chichikov tries to help the idle landowner Tentetnikov gain favor with General Betrishchev.
Chichikov tries to help Tentetnikov so that Tentetnikov may marry General Betrishchev's daughter, Ulinka.
Chichikov agrees to visit many of General Betrishchev's relatives.
Chichikov begins his visits with Colonel Koshkaryov.
Chichikov begins again to go from estate to estate.
Chichikov encounters eccentric and absurd characters all along the way.
Chichikov purchases an estate from the destitute Khlobuyev.
Chichikov is arrested when he attempts to forge the will of Khlobuyev's rich aunt.
Chichikov is pardoned thanks to the intervention of the kindly Mourazov.
Chichikov is forced to flee the village.
The novel ends mid-sentence.
The prince who arranged Chichikov's arrest gives a grand speech.
The grand speech rails against corruption in the Russian government.