Jerry was born in Santa Isabel Island.
Santa Isabel Island is a part of the Solomon Islands archipelago.
Jerry's owner was Mr. Haggin.
Mr. Haggin worked as a plantation guard.
Mr. Haggin used Jerry to chase black slaves.
Mr. Haggin gave Jerry to Mr. Van Horn.
Mr. Van Horn was the Captain of the ship Arangi.
Mr. Van Horn gave a condition to return Jerry if something bad happens.
The ship Arangi was engaged in delivering so-called "reverse" slaves.
The so-called "reverse" slaves worked for three years on a plantation.
During a stop on Malaita island, Arangi was attacked by the natives.
The natives killed the captain of the ship Arangi.
The natives killed the skipper of the ship Arangi.
Jerry was kicked from the ship Arangi.
The ship Arangi was looted and burned.
A native boy found Jerry in the sea.
The native boy delivered Jerry on the shore.
Later, Jerry was brought to a village.
The tribe chief Bashto decided to use Jerry for improving the breed of local dogs.
Jerry received a taboo status.
Jerry began to live among the tribemen.
Jerry led a fairly quiet life.
The local sorcerer Agno decided to use Jerry for a sacrifice.
Agno arranged for Jerry to attack a holy bird megapoda.
The holy bird megapoda had a taboo status.
Jerry stole the bird eggs.
The bird eggs were kept for chief Bashta.
Jerry was spotted while killing the fourth bird.
The bird's taboo status was higher than that of Jerry.
Therefore, Jerry could be sacrificed.
Old blindman Nalasu bought Jerry for a pig.
Old blindman Nalasu bought Jerry to protect himself against an expected vendetta.
The village was destroyed by Brits.
The destruction of the village was a part of a punitive operation.
The punitive operation was to retaliate for the loss of Arangi.
Jerry escaped and hid in the jungle.
Jerry stayed in the jungle for a long time.
Jerry began to look for people.
Out on the beach, Jerry saw a distant ship.
Jerry plunged into the sea.
Jerry thought the distant ship was Arangi.
Jerry hoped to see his beloved Captain Van Horn.
The ship was the yacht Ariel.
The yacht Ariel was traveling around the world.
People on board the yacht Ariel noticed Jerry.
People on board the yacht Ariel saved Jerry.
One of the crewmen recognized Jerry.
One of the crewmen announced that Jerry is a dog of Mr. Haggin.
Mr. Haggin is from Santa Isabel Island.
Later, the yacht Ariel arrived at Tulagi harbor.
A commissioner who knew Mr. Haggin sent him a message.
Mr. Haggin sailed to the island with dog Michael.
Dog Michael was the brother of Jerry.
The brothers Jerry and Michael met each other.
The brothers Jerry and Michael were separated ten days later.
Jerry stayed on the yacht Ariel with its owner Villa.
Michael stayed on the island.
Jerry and Michael met each other again several years later in California.