Christine triumphs at the gala on the night of the old managers' retirement.
Raoul hears Christine sing at the gala.
Raoul recalls his love for Christine.
There are rumors of a phantom living at the Opera.
The phantom makes himself known to the managers through letters and malevolent acts.
The Paris Opera performs Faust some time after the gala.
Carlotta plays the lead in Faust against the Phantom's wishes.
Carlotta loses her voice during the performance of Faust.
The grand chandelier plummets into the audience during the performance of Faust.
The phantom kidnaps Christine.
The phantom takes Christine to his home in the cellars of the Opera.
The phantom identifies himself as Erik.
Erik plans to keep Christine in his home for a few days.
Erik hopes that Christine will come to love him.
Christine unmasks Erik.
Christine beholds Erik's noseless, lipless, sunken-eyed face.
Erik's face resembles a skull dried up by the centuries.
Erik's face is covered in yellowed dead flesh.
Erik fears that Christine will leave him.
Erik decides to keep Christine with him forever.
Christine requests release from Erik after two weeks.
Erik agrees to release Christine on the condition that she wear his ring.
Erik requires Christine to be faithful to him.
Christine tells Raoul that Erik abducted her.
Raoul promises to take Christine away to a place where Erik can never find her.
Raoul tells Christine he shall act on his promise the next day.
Christine agrees to Raoul's promise.
Christine has pity for Erik.
Christine will not go until she has sung a song for Erik one last time.
Erik has been listening to Christine and Raoul's conversation.
Erik has become extremely jealous.
Erik kidnaps Christine during a production of Faust.
Erik tries to force Christine to marry him.
Erik states that if Christine refuses, he will use explosives to destroy the entire opera house.
Christine refuses Erik's marriage proposal.
Christine realizes that Erik has trapped Raoul in a hot torture chamber.
Raoul is trapped in a hot torture chamber.
The Persian is trapped in a hot torture chamber.
Christine agrees to marry Erik to save Raoul and the Persian.
Erik initially tries to drown Raoul and the Persian.
Erik uses water which would have been used to douse the explosives to try to drown Raoul and the Persian.
Christine begs Erik not to drown Raoul and the Persian.
Christine offers to be Erik's "living bride".
Christine promises Erik not to kill herself after becoming his bride.
Christine has contemplated killing herself earlier in the novel.
Christine has attempted to kill herself earlier in the novel.
Erik eventually rescues Raoul and the Persian from the torture chamber.
Erik lifts his mask to kiss Christine on her forehead.
Christine kisses Erik back on his forehead.
Erik reveals that he has never received a kiss.
Erik has never been allowed to give a kiss.
Erik is overcome with emotion.
Erik and Christine cry together.
Erik and Christine's tears mingle.
Erik expresses that he has never felt so close to another human being.
Erik allows the Persian and Raoul to escape.
Erik makes Christine promise that she will visit him on his death day.
Erik makes Christine promise to return the gold ring he gave her.
Erik makes the Persian promise to report his death to the newspaper.
Erik states that he will die soon.
Erik states that he will die "of love".
Christine returns to Erik's lair some time later.
Christine buries Erik somewhere he will never be found.
Christine buries Erik by Erik's request.
Christine returns the gold ring to Erik.
A local newspaper runs the simple note: "Erik is dead".