Emmeline is set in Pembroke, Wales. Emmeline is the eponymous heroine of the novel. Emmeline's parents are both dead. Emmeline has been supported by her father's brother, Lord Montreville. Lord Montreville resides at Mowbray Castle. It is suggested that Emmeline's parents were not married when Emmeline was born. Emmeline is considered illegitimate because her parents were not married. Lord Montreville has claimed Mowbray Castle for himself and his family. Emmeline has been raised by servants. Emmeline has become educated and accomplished through reading. Lord Delamere catches the eye of Emmeline. Lord Delamere falls in love with Emmeline. Lord Delamere proposes to Emmeline. Emmeline refuses Lord Delamere's proposal. Lord Delamere's father does not approve of Emmeline. Emmeline feels only sisterly affection for Lord Delamere. Emmeline leaves Mowbray Castle to escape Lord Delamere's protestations of love. Emmeline first lives with Mrs. Stafford. Emmeline then lives with Mrs. Ashwood. Lord Delamere continues to pursue Emmeline while she lives with Mrs. Stafford and Mrs. Ashwood. Emmeline rejects the suits of other rich men. Emmeline confounds the people around her. The Croft family are lawyers trying to rise in society. The Croft family has influence over Lord Montreville. The younger Croft son secretly marries the eldest Montreville daughter. The marriage between the younger Croft son and the eldest Montreville daughter secures a fortune. The marriage is considered unfortunate from Lord Montreville's perspective. Lord Delamere abducts Emmeline. Lord Delamere attempts to take Emmeline to Scotland. Lord Delamere attempts to force Emmeline to marry him. Emmeline falls ill with a fever. Emmeline convinces Lord Delamere to abandon his plans. Lord Delamere's mother, Lady Montreville, becomes ill. Lord Delamere is compelled to visit his family. Lord Delamere promises not to see Emmeline for a year to help Lady Montreville recover. If Lord Delamere still loves Emmeline after a year, his parents promise to allow him to marry her. Emmeline reluctantly agrees to Lord Delamere's promise. Emmeline becomes friends with Augusta. Augusta is Lord Delamere’s sister. Augusta marries Lord Westhaven. Lord Westhaven is the brother of Emmeline’s new acquaintance in the country, Adelina. Adelina left her dissipated husband for a lover. Adelina's lover abandoned her with a child. Adelina is distraught. Adelina fears chastisement from her brother, Lord Westhaven. Adelina briefly goes insane. Emmeline nurses Adelina and her baby. While nursing Adelina and her baby, Emmeline meets Adelina's other brother, Godolphin. The Crofts circulate rumors of Emmeline’s infidelity to Lord Delamere. Lord Delamere visits Emmeline. Lord Delamere sees Emmeline with Adelina’s child. Lord Delamere assumes the child is Emmeline's. Lord Delamere abandons Emmeline. Emmeline travels to France with Mrs. Stafford and Augusta. Emmeline discovers her parents were actually married in France. Emmeline discovers she deserves to inherit Mowbray Castle. Lord Montreville hands Mowbray Castle over to Emmeline. Lord Montreville discovers he was duped by the Crofts. Lord Delamere becomes ill upon discovering that Emmeline was never unfaithful to him. Emmeline nurses Lord Delamere. Emmeline refuses to marry Lord Delamere. Lady Montreville dies in her anxiety over Lord Delamere's condition. Lord Delamere dies fighting a duel over his sister’s lover. Emmeline marries Godolphin in the end.