Major von Tellheim is wounded and dishonorably discharged from the Prussian Army. Major von Tellheim is waiting at a Berlin hotel with his servant. Major von Tellheim is waiting for the outcome of his trial. Major von Tellheim is threatened by financial troubles. Major von Tellheim is threatened by serious bribery allegations. Major von Tellheim's condition is penniless. Major von Tellheim's penniless condition is because repayment of a large sum is being held up. The large sum was advanced to the government during the recent war. Major von Tellheim's honor in making the loan is questioned. The landlord has caused Major von Tellheim's effects to be removed. The landlord has caused Major von Tellheim's effects to be removed because his rooms were needed for a lady and her maid. The landlord doubts Major von Tellheim's ability to pay. Major von Tellheim is already somewhat in arrears. The landlord comes upon a sealed envelope marked as containing five hundred thalers. The discovery of the sealed envelope makes the landlord anxious to placate Major von Tellheim. The money has been left with Major von Tellheim by Paul Werner. Paul Werner is Major von Tellheim's former sergeant. Paul Werner knows Major von Tellheim's predicament. Paul Werner hopes that Major von Tellheim will use the money as his own. Major von Tellheim is too honorable to borrow when he has no assurance of repaying. Major von Tellheim bids his servant, Just, to take his last possession of value. Major von Tellheim's last possession of value is an expensive ring. Just pawns the ring to satisfy the landlord's bill. Just pawns the ring to satisfy his own back wages. Just refuses to accept either wages or dismissal. Just refuses to accept either wages or dismissal on the plea that he is in Major von Tellheim's debt. Just will have to work out his debt to Major von Tellheim. The landlord shows the ring to his newly arrived guests. The landlord reveals considerable concerning Major von Tellheim's circumstances. Minna von Barnhelm recognizes the ring as one of the betrothal rings exchanged with Major von Tellheim. Minna von Barnhelm is overjoyed that her search for her missing lover is ended. Major von Tellheim refuses to accept Minna von Barnhelm's hand. Major von Tellheim refuses to continue the engagement. Major von Tellheim refuses to continue the engagement because of his precarious circumstances. Minna von Barnhelm pretends that she is penniless. Minna von Barnhelm pretends that she is in dire straits. Major von Tellheim immediately claims the privilege of marrying and protecting Minna von Barnhelm. A delayed letter from the King is delivered. The delayed letter announces the restoration of Major von Tellheim's fortune. The delayed letter announces the vindication of Major von Tellheim's honor. Minna von Barnhelm pretends that she cannot marry Major von Tellheim. Minna von Barnhelm pretends that she cannot marry Major von Tellheim because of the inequality of their circumstances. Minna von Barnhelm uses Major von Tellheim's own recent arguments to confound him. Major von Tellheim is reduced to the verge of despair. Minna's uncle and guardian threatens to give the whole thing away. Minna relents and reveals the truth. Matters are settled to the satisfaction of everyone. Matters are settled to the satisfaction of Franziska. Matters are settled to the satisfaction of Paul Werner. Franziska and Paul Werner have discovered a lively interest in each other.