This is a suspenseful novel.
The novel is set in Brooklyn.
The novel is set around the time of the end of World War I.
The novel continues the story of Roger Mifflin.
Roger Mifflin is the book seller in Parnassus on Wheels.
The novel details an adventure of Miss Titania Chapman.
The novel details an adventure of a young advertising man named Aubrey Gilbert.
The narrative begins with a young advertising man named Aubrey Gilbert.
Aubrey Gilbert stops by a bookstore named "The Haunted Bookshop."
Aubrey Gilbert hopes to find a new client.
Aubrey Gilbert meets the proprietor, Roger Mifflin.
Aubrey Gilbert does not succeed in selling advertising copy.
Aubrey Gilbert is intrigued by Roger Mifflin.
Aubrey Gilbert is intrigued by Roger Mifflin's conviction concerning the value books have to the world.
Aubrey Gilbert is intrigued by Roger Mifflin's conviction concerning the value booksellers have to the world.
Aubrey Gilbert's firm's biggest client is Mr. Chapman.
Mr. Chapman is a friend of Roger Mifflin.
Mr. Chapman has asked Roger Mifflin to undertake the education of his daughter.
Mr. Chapman has asked Roger Mifflin to hire his daughter, Titania Chapman, as an assistant.
Aubrey Gilbert returns to the bookstore.
Aubrey Gilbert meets Titania Chapman.
Aubrey Gilbert falls in love with Titania Chapman.
Mysterious things start to happen.
A copy of Thomas Carlyle's Letters and Speeches of Oliver Cromwell disappears.
A copy of Thomas Carlyle's Letters and Speeches of Oliver Cromwell reappears.
Aubrey Gilbert is attacked as he travels home.
A pharmacist neighbor of Roger Mifflin is observed skulking in the alley behind the bookstore at night.
The pharmacist neighbor of Roger Mifflin is speaking to someone in German.
An assistant chef at the Octagon Hotel has posted an ad in the New York Times.
The ad promises a reward for a lost copy of Letters and Speeches of Oliver Cromwell.
Aubrey Gilbert starts to sense that something nefarious is afoot.
Aubrey Gilbert suspects that Roger Mifflin is involved in a plot to kidnap Titania Chapman.
Aubrey Gilbert assigns himself the job of protecting Titania Chapman.
Roger Mifflin begins to train Titania Chapman in the booksellers' trade.
Roger Mifflin's focus is centered on books and their content.
Roger Mifflin fails to note the unusual things that are occurring.
Aubrey Gilbert takes a room across from the bookstore.
Aubrey Gilbert takes a room across from the bookstore in order to keep an eye on things.
Aubrey Gilbert believes his suspicions are confirmed when he sees the pharmacist let himself into the bookshop with his own key late at night.
Aubrey Gilbert breaks into the bookshop in an effort to find evidence to prove his suspicions.
Aubrey Gilbert only manages to frighten and anger Titania Chapman.
Aubrey Gilbert learns that Roger Mifflin is to take a day trip to Philadelphia.
Aubrey Gilbert follows Roger Mifflin in the belief that the trip is a part of the kidnapping plot.
In Philadelphia, Aubrey Gilbert confronts Roger Mifflin with his suspicions.
Aubrey Gilbert tells Roger Mifflin of all the things that have occurred.
Aubrey Gilbert and Roger Mifflin realize that a third party had lured Roger Mifflin away from the shop.
Aubrey Gilbert and Roger Mifflin call the bookshop.
Aubrey Gilbert and Roger Mifflin learn that the pharmacist has left a suitcase of books at the bookshop.
The suitcase of books is there for someone else to pick up.
Roger Mifflin tells Titania Chapman to hold on to the suitcase until he returns.
Roger Mifflin and Aubrey Gilbert return to the bookshop.
Roger Mifflin and Aubrey Gilbert find the bookshop locked.
Inside the bookshop, the pharmacist and an associate of his have tied up Mrs. Mifflin.
The pharmacist and his associate are menacing Titania Chapman with a gun.
A fight ensues.
Part of the bookstore is destroyed by a bomb.
The pharmacist escapes.
The only casualties of the bomb are the pharmacist's partner and Mifflin's dog, Bock.
Roger Mifflin is pleased as the blast knocked down books he had forgotten he had.
In the final chapter of the book, Aubrey Gilbert and Roger Mifflin learn what the true plot was.
The pharmacist was a German spy.
The pharmacist had been using the bookshop as a drop-off point.
The pharmacist was a specialist in making bombs.
The pharmacist had hidden a bomb in one of President Woodrow Wilson's favorite books.
The pharmacist's co-conspirator was the assistant chef at the Octagon Hotel.
The assistant chef at the Octagon Hotel was to be part of the crew on the ship Wilson was to travel on to peace talks in Europe.
The assistant chef at the Octagon Hotel was to plant the bomb in Wilson's cabin in an assassination plot.
The pharmacist was captured by police.
The pharmacist killed himself.