Wealthy countryman Mr. Hardcastle arranges for his daughter Kate to meet Charles Marlow.
Charles Marlow is the son of a rich Londoner.
Mr. Hardcastle hopes that Kate and Charles Marlow will marry.
Charles Marlow is nervous around upper-class women.
Charles Marlow is the complete opposite around working-class women.
Kate realizes she will have to pretend to be 'common'.
Charles Marlow will not woo Kate if she does not pretend to be 'common'.
Kate 'stoops to conquer' by posing as a maid.
Kate hopes to put Charles Marlow at his ease.
Kate hopes that Charles Marlow will fall for her.
Charles Marlow sets out for the Hardcastle's manor with a friend.
George Hastings is a friend of Charles Marlow.
George Hastings is an admirer of Miss Constance Neville.
Miss Constance Neville is another young lady who lives with the Hardcastles.
During the journey, Charles Marlow and George Hastings become lost.
Charles Marlow and George Hastings stop at an alehouse for directions.
The alehouse is called The Three Jolly Pigeons.
Tony Lumpkin is Kate's step-brother.
Tony Lumpkin is a cousin of Constance.
Tony Lumpkin comes across Charles Marlow and George Hastings at the alehouse.
Tony Lumpkin realizes the identity of Charles Marlow and George Hastings.
Tony Lumpkin plays a practical joke on Charles Marlow and George Hastings.
Tony Lumpkin tells Charles Marlow and George Hastings that they are a long way from their destination.
Tony Lumpkin tells Charles Marlow and George Hastings that they will have to stay overnight at an inn.
The "inn" Tony Lumpkin directs them to is in fact the home of the Hardcastles.
The Hardcastles have been expecting Charles Marlow and George Hastings.
The Hardcastles go out of their way to make Charles Marlow and George Hastings welcome.
Charles Marlow and George Hastings believe themselves to be in an inn.
Charles Marlow and George Hastings behave extremely disdainfully towards their hosts.
Mr. Hardcastle bears the unwitting insults of Charles Marlow and George Hastings with forbearance.
Mr. Hardcastle bears the unwitting insults because of his friendship with Charles Marlow's father.
Kate learns of her suitor's shyness from Constance.
A servant tells Kate about Tony Lumpkin's trick.
Kate decides to masquerade as a serving-maid.
Kate changes her accent and garb to masquerade as a serving-maid.
Kate wants to get to know Charles Marlow.
Charles Marlow falls in love with Kate.
Charles Marlow plans to elope with Kate.
Charles Marlow acts in a somewhat bawdy manner around Kate.
All misunderstandings are resolved by the end.
An appearance by Sir Charles Marlow resolves all misunderstandings.
The main sub-plot concerns the secret romance between Constance and George Hastings.
Constance needs her jewels, which are an inheritance.
Tony Lumpkin's mother, Mrs. Hardcastle, guards Constance's jewels.
Mrs. Hardcastle wants Constance to marry her son.
Mrs. Hardcastle wants to keep the jewels in the family.
Tony Lumpkin despises the thought of marrying Constance.
Tony Lumpkin prefers a barmaid at the alehouse.
Tony Lumpkin agrees to steal the jewels from his mother's safekeeping for Constance.
Tony Lumpkin agrees to steal the jewels so Constance can elope to France with George Hastings.
The play concludes with Kate's plan succeeding.
Kate and Charles Marlow become engaged.
Tony Lumpkin discovers that his mother has lied about his being "of age".
Tony Lumpkin discovers that he is not entitled to his inheritance.
Tony Lumpkin refuses to marry Constance.
Constance is then eligible to receive her jewels.
Constance becomes engaged to George Hastings.
Constance becomes engaged to George Hastings, which she does.