Serapion describes foreboding omens of storms, whirlwinds, and the flooding of the Nile.
Serapion describes foreboding omens of Egypt's impending doom.
Alexas dismisses Serapion's claims.
Alexas is more concerned with Cleopatra's relationship with Antony.
Alexas sees that Cleopatra dotes on Antony.
Alexas worries that Antony will not continue seeing Cleopatra.
Serapion hosts a festival to celebrate Antony's honour.
Ventidius comes to aid Antony in Alexandria.
Ventidius disagrees with Antony's relationship with Cleopatra.
Ventidius offers to give Antony troops if Antony leaves Cleopatra.
Antony is insulted by Ventidius's opinions regarding Cleopatra.
Antony refuses to hear anything negative about Cleopatra.
Antony agrees to Ventidius's offer.
Cleopatra mourns about her situation without Antony.
Charmion attempts to set up a meeting between Cleopatra and Antony.
Charmion is unsuccessful in setting up a meeting between Cleopatra and Antony.
Cleopatra sends Alexas to try to win back Antony using gifts.
The gifts include jewels, including a bracelet.
Alexas suggests that Cleopatra should tie the bracelet onto Antony's wrist.
Ventidius appears in the subsequent meeting between Cleopatra and Antony.
Ventidius tries to proclaim that Cleopatra is not Antony's rightful partner.
Ventidius claims that Cleopatra would betray Antony for her own safety.
Cleopatra wins the argument against Ventidius.
Cleopatra demonstrates a letter showing that she refused Egypt and Syria from Octavius.
Antony is overjoyed by Cleopatra's decision.
Antony proclaims his love for Cleopatra.
Antony is returning from battle.
Antony is overwhelmed with love for Cleopatra.
Ventidius comes to speak with Antony.
Antony attempts to flee unsuccessfully.
Antony does not want to go back to war.
Antony does not know how to stop the war.
Antony believes Dolabella can help him.
Ventidius brings Dolabella out.
Dolabella appears after Antony's success in battle.
Dolabella was banished for his love for Cleopatra.
Dolabella returns to a warm welcome from Antony.
Dolabella offers a gift that will bring peace between Antony and Caesar.
The gift is Octavia, Antony's true wife and Caesar's sister.
The gift includes Antony's two daughters.
Octavia tells Antony the war will stop when he returns to his rightful place, by her side.
Antony and Octavia reunite.
Alexas's attempts to meddle for the sake of Cleopatra are dismissed.
Cleopatra appears informed of her defeat.
Alexas tells Cleopatra to avoid Octavia.
Cleopatra chooses to face Octavia as a rival.
Cleopatra and Octavia have an argument.
It seems clear that Octavia is whom Antony rightfully belongs to.
It is not Octavia whom Antony loves most.
Antony has been convinced by Octavia that his rightful place is by her side.
Antony's rightful place is in Rome, with his children.
Antony plans to leave.
Antony does not have the strength to tell Cleopatra himself.
Antony asks Dolabella to tell Cleopatra he is leaving.
Dolabella will go to Cleopatra to bid her farewell.
Ventidius overhears that Dolabella will be going to Cleopatra.
Ventidius sees Cleopatra devising a plan with Alexas.
Cleopatra's plan is to inspire jealousy in Antony by way of Dolabella.
Ventidius and Octavia see Dolabella taking Cleopatra's hand.
When the time comes to make a move romantically, both Ventidius and Octavia fall apart from the guilt of their betrayal.
Ventidius tells Antony that Cleopatra and Dolabella have become lovers.
Octavia bears witness to Ventidius's claim.
Ventidius asks Alexas to testify to the same story.
Alexas believes Ventidius's claim.
Antony is infuriated by the information that Cleopatra and Dolabella have become lovers.
Antony is still looking for some loophole that would confirm Cleopatra's innocence.
Antony's belief in Cleopatra's innocence hurts Octavia.
Octavia leaves permanently.
Dolabella and Cleopatra try to explain themselves to Antony.
Antony refuses to believe Dolabella and Cleopatra.
Antony takes Cleopatra's naval fleet.
Antony sails to Caesar.
Antony is greeted like an old friend by Caesar.
Antony and Caesar sail back to Alexandria.
When Cleopatra hears of Antony's actions, Alexas tells her to flee.
Alexas will attempt to make amends with Caesar.
Cleopatra tells Alexas that going to Caesar would make him a traitor.
Cleopatra tells Alexas that he cannot go to Caesar.
Cleopatra flees.
Alexas is left behind.
Antony and Ventidius meet up.
Antony and Ventidius prepare to fight.
Alexas informs Antony that Cleopatra is dead.
Antony tells Ventidius to end his life.
Ventidius refuses to end his life.
Ventidius kills himself.
With Ventidius dead, Antony tries to commit suicide.
Antony fails to commit suicide.
Cleopatra comes in and sees Antony.
Antony is still living but on the verge of death.
Antony dies.
Cleopatra kills herself.
Serapion delivers the eulogy for Antony and Cleopatra.