Margaret Mackenzie spends most of her adult life nursing her dying uncle.
Margaret Mackenzie spends most of her adult life nursing her invalid brother Walter.
Margaret Mackenzie inherits a significant fortune from Walter at his death.
Margaret Mackenzie seeks a place in society.
Margaret Mackenzie moves to a town called Littlebath.
Littlebath is modeled after Bath, Somerset.
Margaret Mackenzie joins a group of Evangelicals.
The group of Evangelicals is centered around the popular local pastor Mr. Stumfold.
Mr. Stumfold has a wife.
Margaret Mackenzie meets three men who are interested in marrying her at Littlebath.
One of the men is Samuel Rubb.
Samuel Rubb is the business partner of Margaret Mackenzie's surviving brother, Tom Mackenzie.
Another man is Mr. Maguire.
Mr. Maguire is Mr. Stumfold's curate.
The third man is Margaret Mackenzie's cousin, Mr. John Ball.
Mr. Rubb asks Margaret Mackenzie to loan him and Tom Mackenzie 2,500 pounds for business purposes.
The deal with Mr. Rubb turns out badly.
Mr. Rubb admits that he has cheated Margaret Mackenzie.
Mr. Rubb's honesty allows him to remain a friend and prospective husband to Margaret Mackenzie.
Margaret Mackenzie is invited for a short stay with the Ball family.
Margaret Mackenzie refuses a marriage proposal from Mr. John Ball.
Mr. Maguire asks Margaret Mackenzie to marry him when she returns to Littlebath.
Margaret Mackenzie is forced to put Mr. Maguire off.
Margaret Mackenzie finds out that her brother Tom is dying.
Margaret Mackenzie must go to Tom Mackenzie in London.
Margaret Mackenzie refuses Mr. Maguire by letter while in London.
After Tom Mackenzie's death, Margaret Mackenzie finds out that there is a problem with Walter's will.
Mr. John Ball may be the rightful inheritor of the money from Walter's will.
Mr. John Ball asks Margaret Mackenzie to marry him again while the legal issues are being dealt with by their respective lawyers.
Margaret Mackenzie accepts Mr. John Ball's marriage proposal.
Mr. Maguire interferes with Mr. John Ball.
Mr. Maguire libels Mr. John Ball in an Evangelical newspaper.
Mr. Maguire visits London to try to get Margaret Mackenzie to marry him instead.
The courts eventually decide in favor of Mr. John Ball.
Mr. John Ball soon becomes Sir John Ball after his father's death.
Sir John Ball marries Margaret Mackenzie.
Lady Ball objects to Sir John Ball's marriage to Margaret Mackenzie.
Mr. Maguire is forced to give up his own attempts to marry Margaret Mackenzie.
Mr. Rubb marries a lodger in Tom Mackenzie's old house.
The lodger in Tom Mackenzie's old house is Miss Corza.
Mr. Maguire finds a wife.
Mr. Maguire finds a new position.