Wells distinguishes between two divergent types of mind.
One type of mind judges and attaches importance principally to what has happened in the past.
The other type of mind judges and attaches importance principally to what will happen in the future.
Wells attributes the adjectives "legal or submissive," "passive," and "oriental" to the past-oriented mind.
Wells attributes the adjectives "legislative, creative, organizing, or masterful," and "active" to the future-oriented mind.
Wells calls the future-oriented mind "a more modern and much less abundant type of mind."
The two types of mind reach divergent and incompatible consequences in the spheres of morality and public affairs.
Wells analyzes the reasons for which the past-oriented mind predominates.
The predominance of the past-oriented mind is principally due to the evidently greater knowability of the personal past compared to the future.
Wells argues that the inference from the past-oriented attitude that the future is essentially unknowable does not square with modern science.
Modern science is characterized by relentless systematic criticism of phenomena.
Science has made humans knowledgeable about a distant, impersonal past.
Science regards the ability to successfully predict as a criterion of validity.
The unpredictability of human behavior complicates the problem of prediction.
As individuals increase in number, they begin to average out.
An inductive knowledge of a great number of things in the future is becoming a human possibility.
Wells confesses to be among those who believe entirely in the forces behind the individual.
Wells believes that individuals themselves are not determining causes.
There is no reason why humans should not aspire to discover and use safe and serviceable generalizations upon countless issues in human destiny.
Personal prophecy and fortune-telling will never be possible.
The knowledge of the future that humans may hope to gain will be general and not individual.
Wells devotes the last part of his text to speculations about what is to come after man.
Wells considers the question of what is to come after man to be the most persistently fascinating and the most insoluble question in the whole world.
Wells concludes with a statement of personal faith in the coherency and purpose in the world.
Wells has faith in the greatness of human destiny.