The action is centred on the Monastery of Kennaquhair.
The Monastery of Kennaquhair is probably based on Melrose Abbey in south east Scotland.
The Monastery of Kennaquhair is located on the River Tweed.
The Scottish Reformation is just beginning circa 1550.
The monastery is in peril.
The Glendinning boys fall in love with Mary Avenel.
Edward Glendinning ends up becoming a monk.
Halbert Glendinning finally marries Mary Avenel after service with the Earl of Murray.
The property of the Church had hitherto always been respected in the many conflicts between England and Scotland.
The temporal possessions of the Church are in serious danger from the spread of the doctrines of the Reformation.
The spiritual influence of the Church is in serious danger from the spread of the doctrines of the Reformation.
The occupants of the monasteries are dependent on the military services of their tenants and vassals for protection.
The tenants and vassals provide protection against the forays of Protestant barons and other heretical marauders.
Dame Elspeth's husband Simon had fallen in the battle of Pinkie in 1547.
The hospitality of Dame Elspeth's lonely tower had been sought by the widow of the Baron of Avenel.
The widow of the Baron of Avenel has a daughter named Mary.
The mansion of the widow of the Baron of Avenel had been seized and plundered by invaders.
The mansion of the widow of the Baron of Avenel was subsequently taken possession of by her brother-in-law Julian Avenel.
Father Philip discovered that the baroness possessed a Bible while confessing her on her death-bed.
Father Philip was carrying the Bible to the Lord Abbot.
The Bible was taken from Father Philip by a spectral White Lady.
The spectral White Lady resembles the Undine.
Scott borrowed the character of the Undine from Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué's Undine.
The sub-prior disbelieved the sacristan's tale.
The sub-prior visited the tower.
The sub-prior met Christie of the Clinthill.
Christie of the Clinthill is a freebooter.
Christie of the Clinthill was charged with an insolent message from Julian Avenel.
The sub-prior learned that the Bible had been mysteriously returned to its owner.
The sub-prior exchanged the Bible for a missal.
The sub-prior was unhorsed on his return by the apparition.
The book had disappeared from the sub-prior's bosom upon reaching the monastery.
The freebooter was detained in custody on suspicion of having killed the sub-prior.
The White Lady was next seen by Halbert Glendinning.
The White Lady conducted Halbert Glendinning to a fairy grotto.
Halbert Glendinning was allowed to snatch the Bible from a flaming altar.
Happer the miller and his daughter Mysie arrived on a visit during Halbert Glendinning's absence from the tower.
Sir Piercie Shafton came as a refugee from the English Court.
The abbot came to dine with Happer the miller, Mysie, and Halbert Glendinning.
The abbot offered Halbert Glendinning the office of ranger of the Church forests.
Halbert Glendinning refused the office of ranger of the Church forests.
Halbert Glendinning startled Sir Piercie Shafton with a token he had obtained from the mysterious spectre.
Halbert Glendinning and Sir Piercie Shafton fought in a glen the following morning.
Halbert Glendinning fled to the Baron of Avenel.
Sir Piercie Shafton appeared to be mortally wounded.
Henry Warden accompanied Halbert Glendinning to the Baron of Avenel.
Henry Warden offended the laird.
Henry Warden assisted Halbert Glendinning in his determination to escape from the castle.
Halbert Glendinning preferred to escape from the castle rather than serve under his host's standard.
Sir Piercie Shafton miraculously recovered.
Sir Piercie Shafton was accused by Edward Glendinning of having murdered his missing brother.
Edward Glendinning assured Sir Piercie Shafton that the youth was alive and uninjured.
With the sub-prior's approval, Sir Piercie Shafton was treated as a prisoner.
Mysie assisted Sir Piercie Shafton to escape during the night.
Mysie accompanied Sir Piercie Shafton northwards, dressed as his page.
Mary Avenel was visited by the White Lady.
The White Lady comforted Mary Avenel by disclosing the place where Halbert Glendinning had hidden the Bible.
Mary Avenel had secretly read the Bible with her mother.
The rest of the family were astounded by the arrival of Christie.
Christie confirmed Sir Piercie's assertion.
Christie announced that he had brought Henry Warden to be dealt with as a heretic by the lord abbot.
Father Eustace and the preacher had been intimate friends at college.
The sub-prior was urging Father Eustace to save his life by returning to the bosom of the Church.
Edward Glendinning interrupted Father Eustace and the preacher to confess his jealousy of his brother.
Edward Glendinning expressed his resolution to become a monk.
Edward Glendinning's resolution to become a monk was in obedience to the White Lady who had appeared to him.
Father Eustace decided to leave his prisoner at the tower.
Father Eustace left his prisoner at the tower under promise to surrender when summoned to the monastery.
Father Eustace learned from the freebooter that Julian Avenel would fight for the Church.
Father Eustace despatched the freebooter in search of Sir Piercie and the miller's daughter.
The lord abbot was alarmed by intelligence that English and Scottish soldiers were advancing with hostile intentions against the monastery.
The lord abbot resigned his office to the sub-prior.
Halbert Glendinning had taken the road to Edinburgh.
Halbert Glendinning joined a squadron commanded by the Earl of Murray.
The Earl of Murray sent Halbert Glendinning forward to prevent an engagement between the English and the supporters of the Church.
Halbert Glendinning arrived too late to prevent the engagement.
The Earl of Murray induced Sir John Forster to withdraw after winning the battle.
The Earl of Murray marched his troops to St Mary's.
The new abbot assembled his brotherhood in the village in anticipation of the destruction of their home.
The regent and his followers formed up facing the new abbot and his brotherhood.
The first matter settled was the marriage of Halbert Glendinning with the heiress of Avenel.
Father Eustace was summoned to produce Sir Piercie Shafton.
Sir Piercie Shafton surrendered voluntarily.
A flaw in Sir Piercie Shafton's pedigree was proved.
Mysie was declared a fitting wife for Sir Piercie Shafton.
Mysie and Sir Piercie Shafton were shipped off to Flanders.
The monks were allowed to retain their monastery and lands on condition of being laid under contribution.
Edward Glendinning sought another interview with the White Spirit.
Edward Glendinning was told that the knot of fate was tied.
Edward Glendinning was impressed with the belief that the marriage of his brother with Mary Avenel might prove fatal to both of them.