Allan Quatermain is an adventurer and white hunter based in Durban, in what is now South Africa. Sir Henry Curtis is an aristocrat. Captain Good is a friend of Sir Henry Curtis. Sir Henry Curtis seeks Allan Quatermain's help to find Sir Henry's brother. Sir Henry's brother was last seen travelling north into the unexplored interior. Sir Henry's brother was on a quest for the fabled King Solomon's Mines. Allan Quatermain has a mysterious map that purports to lead to King Solomon's Mines. Allan Quatermain has never taken the map seriously. Allan Quatermain agrees to lead an expedition in return for a share of the treasure. Allan Quatermain agrees to lead an expedition for a stipend for his son if Allan Quatermain is killed along the way. Allan Quatermain has little hope that the expedition will return alive. Allan Quatermain reasons that he has already outlived most people in his profession. Dying in this manner ensures that Allan Quatermain's son will be provided for. Umbopa is a mysterious native who joins the expedition. Umbopa seems more regal, handsome, and well-spoken than most porters of his class. Umbopa is very anxious to join the party. The expedition travels by oxcart. The expedition reaches the edge of a desert. A wounded elephant claims the life of a servant during a hunt. The expedition continues on foot across the desert. The expedition almost dies of thirst before finding an oasis shown halfway across on the map. The expedition reaches a mountain range called Suliman Berg. The expedition climbs a peak known as one of "Sheba's Breasts." The expedition enters a cave. The expedition finds the frozen corpse of José Silvestre. José Silvestre is a 16th-century Portuguese explorer. José Silvestre drew the map in his own blood. A second servant dies from the cold that night. The expedition leaves the second servant's body next to José Silvestre's body. The expedition crosses the mountains into a raised valley known as Kukuanaland. Kukuanaland is lush and green. The inhabitants of Kukuanaland have a well-organised army and society. The inhabitants of Kukuanaland speak an ancient dialect of IsiZulu. Kukuanaland's capital is Loo. Loo is the destination of a magnificent road from ancient times. The city of Loo is dominated by a central royal kraal. The expedition soon meets a party of Kukuana warriors. The Kukuana warriors are about to kill the expedition. Captain Good nervously fidgets with his false teeth. The Kukuana warriors recoil in fear when Captain Good fidgets with his false teeth. The expedition styles themselves "white men from the stars." The expedition claims to be sorcerer-gods. The expedition is required to give regular proof of their divinity. Giving proof of their divinity strains both the nerves and ingenuity of the expedition. The expedition is brought before King Twala. King Twala rules over his people with ruthless violence. King Twala came to power years before by murdering his brother. King Twala drove his brother's wife and infant son, Ignosi, out into the desert to die. King Twala's rule is unchallenged. Gagool is an evil, impossibly ancient hag. Gagool is King Twala's chief advisor. Gagool roots out potential opposition by ordering regular witch hunts. Gagool murders without trial all those identified as traitors. Gagool singles out Umbopa for murder. Quatermain uses all his skill to save Umbopa's life. Gagool has already sensed that Umbopa is Ignosi. Umbopa reveals that he is Ignosi, the rightful king of the Kukuanas. A rebellion breaks out. The Englishmen gain support for Ignosi by taking advantage of their foreknowledge of a lunar eclipse. The Englishmen claim that they will black out the moon as proof of Ignosi's claim. The Englishmen join Ignosi's army in a furious battle. The rebels overthrow King Twala. Sir Henry Curtis lops off King Twala's head in a duel. The Englishmen capture Gagool. Gagool reluctantly leads the Englishmen to King Solomon's Mines. Gagool shows the Englishmen a treasure room inside a mountain. The treasure room is carved deep within the living rock. The treasure room is full of gold, diamonds, and ivory. Gagool treacherously sneaks out while the Englishmen admire the hoard. Gagool triggers a secret mechanism that closes the mine's vast stone door. Gagool has a brief scuffle with a beautiful native named Foulata. Foulata had become attached to Captain Good after nursing him through his injuries. Gagool crushes herself under the stone door. Gagool fatally stabs Foulata before dying. The trapped men prepare to die. The trapped men find an escape route after a few despairing days sealed in the dark chamber. The trapped men bring with them a few pocketfuls of diamonds from the immense trove. The diamonds are enough to make the trapped men rich. The Englishmen bid farewell to a sorrowful Ignosi. The Englishmen assure Ignosi that they value his friendship. The Englishmen must return to be with their own people. Ignosi promises the Englishmen that they will be venerated and honoured among his people forever. The Englishmen find Sir Henry's brother stranded in an oasis. Sir Henry's brother has a broken leg. Sir Henry's brother is unable to go forward or back. The Englishmen return to Durban. The Englishmen eventually return to England. The Englishmen are wealthy enough to live comfortable lives.