Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram are making their way across the virgin prairies of the Midwest.
Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram are looking for a homestead.
The events occur just two years after the Louisiana Purchase.
The events occur during the time of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram meet the trapper Natty Bumppo.
Natty Bumppo has left his home in New York state.
Natty Bumppo is looking for a place where he cannot hear the sound of people cutting down the forests.
Natty Bumppo has walked all the way to the Pacific Ocean.
Natty Bumppo has seen all the land between the coasts.
Lewis and Clark had not yet completed the same trek as Natty Bumppo.
A band of Teton warriors steals all of Ishmael’s animals.
The Teton warriors strand Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram.
The doctor returns the next morning.
The doctor returns with his donkey.
The trapper helps Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram relocate their wagons.
One of the wagons has mysterious contents.
Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram relocate their wagons to a nearby butte.
The nearby butte is safer when the Tetons return.
Middleton joins Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram's group.
Middleton stumbles upon the trapper and Paul.
Ishmael and his family go looking for Ishmael's eldest son Asa.
Ishmael and his family find Asa murdered.
The trapper, Paul, and Middleton return to camp.
The trapper, Paul, and Middleton find Inez.
Abiram and Ishmael had been keeping Inez captive.
The trapper, Paul, and Middleton flee with Inez and Ellen.
Ishmael chases the trapper, Paul, Middleton, Inez, and Ellen.
The Tetons capture the trapper and his crew.
The trapper and his crew escape the Tetons.
Ishmael forms an alliance with the Indians.
The Indians attempt to recapture the trapper.
The Indians surround the trapper and his crew with a prairie fire.
The trapper lights a backfire.
The trapper saves everyone.
Ishmael, the trapper, and the others meet up with Hard-heart.
Hard-heart is a Pawnee Indian.
Hard-heart survived the fire wrapped in a buffalo skin.
Ishmael, the trapper, and the others attempt to escape to Hard-heart's village.
The Tetons capture Ishmael, the trapper, and the others.
Ishmael demands the trapper, Inez, and Ellen for helping the Tetons.
Ishmael is denied and turned away.
Mahtoree intends to take Inez and Ellen for his new wives.
Le Balafre attempts to spare Hard-heart’s life.
Le Balafre makes Hard-heart his son.
Hard-heart refuses to become Le Balafre's son.
Hard-heart kills Weucha.
Hard-heart flees the village.
Hard-heart’s Pawnee warriors attack the Teton village.
The trapper and his friends escape the Teton village.
The trapper and his friends are captured by Ishmael.
The trapper is accused of Asa’s death.
Abiram’s guilt is discovered.
Abiram is executed.
Ishmael’s family returns east without Inez, Ellen, or the doctor.
Middleton, Inez, Paul, and Ellen travel back to Louisiana and Kentucky.
The trapper joins a Pawnee village.
The Pawnee village is located on a tributary of the Missouri River.
Middleton and Paul return just in time to witness the trapper's noble death.
Middleton and Paul bury the trapper.