A nameless narrator goes to Venice to find Juliana Bordereau.
Juliana Bordereau is an old lover of Jeffrey Aspern.
Jeffrey Aspern is a famous and now dead American poet.
The nameless narrator presents himself to Juliana Bordereau as a prospective lodger.
The nameless narrator is prepared to court Miss Tita.
Miss Tita is the niece of Juliana Bordereau.
Miss Tita is a plain, somewhat naive spinster.
The nameless narrator hopes to get a look at some of Jeffrey Aspern's letters and other papers kept by Juliana Bordereau.
Miss Tita had denied the existence of any such papers in a letter to the nameless narrator and his publishing partner.
The nameless narrator believes Miss Tita was dissembling on instructions from Juliana Bordereau.
The nameless narrator eventually discloses his intentions to Miss Tita.
Miss Tita promises to help the nameless narrator.
Juliana Bordereau offers to sell a portrait miniature of Jeffrey Aspern to the nameless narrator for an exorbitant price.
Juliana Bordereau does not mention Jeffrey Aspern's name.
The nameless narrator believes Juliana Bordereau possesses some of Jeffrey Aspern's letters.
Juliana Bordereau falls ill.
The nameless narrator ventures into Juliana Bordereau's room.
Juliana Bordereau catches the nameless narrator as he is about to rifle her desk for the letters.
Juliana Bordereau calls the nameless narrator a "publishing scoundrel."
Juliana Bordereau collapses.
The nameless narrator flees.
The nameless narrator returns some days later.
The nameless narrator discovers that Juliana Bordereau has died.
Miss Tita hints that the nameless narrator can have the Aspern letters if he marries her.
The nameless narrator flees again.
At first, the nameless narrator feels he can never accept the proposal.
Gradually, the nameless narrator begins to change his mind.
When the nameless narrator returns to see Miss Tita, she bids him farewell.
Miss Tita tells the nameless narrator that she has burned all the letters one by one.
The nameless narrator never sees the precious papers.
The nameless narrator sends Miss Tita some money for the miniature portrait of Jeffrey Aspern that she gives him.