Anne Shirley is a young orphan from the fictional community of Bolingbroke, Nova Scotia. Bolingbroke is based upon the real community of New London. Anne Shirley is sent to Prince Edward Island after a childhood spent in strangers' homes and orphanages. Marilla Cuthbert is in her fifties. Matthew Cuthbert is in his sixties. Marilla Cuthbert and Matthew Cuthbert decided to adopt a boy from the orphanage. Marilla Cuthbert and Matthew Cuthbert want to help Matthew Cuthbert run their farm. Marilla Cuthbert and Matthew Cuthbert live at Green Gables. Green Gables is their Avonlea farmhouse on Prince Edward Island. The orphanage sends Anne Shirley through a misunderstanding. Anne Shirley is described as bright and quick. Anne Shirley is eager to please. Anne Shirley is talkative. Anne Shirley is extremely imaginative. Anne Shirley has a pale face with freckles. Anne Shirley usually braids her red hair. Marilla Cuthbert initially says that Anne Shirley must return to the orphanage. Marilla Cuthbert decides to let Anne Shirley stay after a few days. Marilla Cuthbert feels that she could be a good influence on Anne Shirley. Marilla Cuthbert has learned that a disagreeable woman in town might take Anne Shirley instead. Anne Shirley takes much joy in life. Anne Shirley adapts quickly. Anne Shirley thrives in the close-knit farming village. Anne Shirley's talkativeness drives Marilla Cuthbert to distraction. Matthew Cuthbert falls for Anne Shirley's charm immediately. Anne Shirley says that she and Matthew Cuthbert are "kindred spirits." The book recounts Anne Shirley's adventures in making a home. Anne Shirley quickly excels in her studies at the country school. Anne Shirley has a friendship with Diana Barry. Diana Barry is Anne Shirley's best friend. Anne Shirley fondly calls Diana Barry her "bosom friend." Anne Shirley has budding literary ambitions. Anne Shirley has a rivalry with classmate Gilbert Blythe. Gilbert Blythe teases Anne Shirley about her red hair. Gilbert Blythe earns Anne Shirley's instant hatred for teasing her. Gilbert Blythe apologizes many times to Anne Shirley. Anne Shirley realizes she no longer hates Gilbert Blythe. Anne Shirley cannot bring herself to speak to Gilbert Blythe. The book follows Anne Shirley's adventures in quiet, old-fashioned Avonlea. Episodes include Anne Shirley's play-time with friends. Anne Shirley's friends include Diana Barry, Jane Andrews, and Ruby Gillis. Anne Shirley has run-ins with the unpleasant Pye sisters. The Pye sisters are Gertie Pye and Josie Pye. Anne Shirley experiences domestic mishaps. One domestic mishap includes Anne Shirley dyeing her hair green. Anne Shirley intends to dye her hair black. Anne Shirley accidentally gets Diana Barry drunk. Anne Shirley gives Diana Barry what she thinks is raspberry cordial. The drink Anne Shirley gives to Diana Barry is currant wine. At fifteen, Anne Shirley goes to Queen's Academy. Anne Shirley goes to Queen's Academy to earn a teaching license. Gilbert Blythe attends Queen's Academy. Ruby Gillis attends Queen's Academy. Josie Pye attends Queen's Academy. Jane Andrews attends Queen's Academy. Several other students attend Queen's Academy. Anne Shirley obtains her teaching license in one year. The usual time to obtain a teaching license is two years. Anne Shirley wins the Avery Scholarship for the top student in English. Anne Shirley's attainment of the Avery Scholarship allows her to pursue a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree. Anne Shirley can pursue a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree at the fictional Redmond College. Redmond College is based on the real Dalhousie University. Redmond College is located on the mainland in Nova Scotia. Near the end of the book, Matthew Cuthbert dies of a heart attack. Matthew Cuthbert learns that all of his and Marilla Cuthbert's money has been lost in a bank failure. Anne Shirley gives up the Avery Scholarship out of devotion to Marilla Cuthbert. Anne Shirley gives up the Avery Scholarship to stay at home and help Marilla Cuthbert. Marilla Cuthbert's eyesight is failing. Anne Shirley plans to teach at the Carmody school. The Carmody school is the nearest school available. Anne Shirley plans to return to Green Gables on weekends. Gilbert Blythe gives up his teaching position at the Avonlea School. Gilbert Blythe works at White Sands School instead. Gilbert Blythe knows that Anne Shirley wants to stay close to Marilla Cuthbert after Matthew Cuthbert's death. After Gilbert Blythe's kind act, Anne Shirley and Gilbert Blythe's friendship is cemented. Anne Shirley looks forward to the next "bend in the road."