A woman arrives in Guernsey.
The woman has a son named Gilliat.
The woman buys a house that is said to be haunted.
Gilliat grows up.
The woman dies.
Gilliat becomes a good fisherman.
Gilliat becomes a good sailor.
People believe Gilliat to be a wizard.
Mess Lethierry lives in Guernsey.
Mess Lethierry is a former sailor.
Mess Lethierry is the owner of the first steamship of the island.
The steamship of the island is named Durande.
Mess Lethierry has a niece named Deruchette.
One day, near Christmas, Deruchette goes to church.
Deruchette sees Gilliat on the road behind her.
Deruchette writes Gilliat's name in the snow.
Gilliat sees Deruchette's gesture.
Gilliat becomes obsessed with Deruchette's gesture.
In time, Gilliat falls in love with Deruchette.
Gilliat goes to play the bagpipes near Deruchette's house.
Sieur Clubin is the trusted captain of Durande.
Sieur Clubin sets up a plan to sink the ship on the Hanois reef.
Sieur Clubin plans to flee with a ship of Spanish smugglers named Tamaulipas.
Sieur Clubin gets in touch with Rantaine.
Rantaine is a swindler.
Rantaine had stolen a large sum of money from Mess Lethierry many years ago.
Sieur Clubin takes the money from Rantaine at gunpoint.
Sieur Clubin sails for the Hanois reef in thick fog.
Sieur Clubin can easily swim to the shore from the Hanois reef.
Sieur Clubin plans to meet the smugglers and disappear.
Sieur Clubin gives the appearance of having drowned.
Sieur Clubin mistakenly arrives at the Douvres reef.
The Douvres reef is halfway between Guernsey and France.
Sieur Clubin is left alone on the ship.
Sieur Clubin is terrified.
Sieur Clubin sees a cutter.
Sieur Clubin leaps into the water to catch the cutter.
At that moment, Sieur Clubin is grabbed by the leg.
Sieur Clubin is pulled down to the bottom.
Everybody in Guernsey finds out about the shipwreck.
Mess Lethierry is desperate to get the Durande's engine back.
Deruchette declares she will marry the rescuer of the engine.
Mess Lethierry swears Deruchette will marry no other.
Gilliat immediately takes up the mission to free the engine from the wreck.
Gilliat endures hunger.
Gilliat endures thirst.
Gilliat endures cold.
Gilliat finds the skeleton of Sieur Clubin on the bottom of the sea.
Gilliat finds the stolen money on the bottom of the sea.
Gilliat eventually succeeds in returning the engine to Mess Lethierry.
Mess Lethierry is very pleased.
Mess Lethierry is ready to honour his promise.
Gilliat appears in front of the people as the rescuer.
Gilliat declines to marry Deruchette.
Gilliat declines to marry Deruchette because he had seen her accepting a marriage proposal.
The marriage proposal is made by Ebenezer Caudry.
Ebenezer Caudry is the young priest recently arrived on the island.
Ebenezer Caudry arranges their hurried wedding.
Ebenezer Caudry helps Deruchette and Gilliat run away on the sailing ship named Cashmere.
Gilliat decides to wait for the tide sitting on the Gild Holm'Ur chair.
The Gild Holm'Ur chair is a rock in the sea.
Gilliat drowns as he watches the Cashmere disappear on the horizon.