Three beggars operate in the port of Papeete on Tahiti.
The three beggars are Herrick, a failed English businessman.
The three beggars are Davis, an American sea captain disgraced by the loss of his last ship.
The three beggars are Huish, a dishonest Cockney of various employments.
An off-course schooner carrying a cargo of champagne from San Francisco to Sydney arrives in port.
The officers of the schooner have been killed by smallpox.
The U.S. consul employs Davis to take over the schooner for the remainder of its voyage.
Davis brings Herrick and Huish along with a plan to steal the schooner.
Davis plans to navigate the schooner to Peru.
Davis plans to sell the cargo and vessel in Peru.
Davis plans to disappear with the money from the sale.
Davis and Huish start drinking the cargo of champagne.
Davis and Huish spend almost all of their time intoxicated.
Herrick feels his conscience is severely troubled by the plan.
Herrick feels he has no other way to escape poverty.
Herrick is left alone to manage the schooner.
Herrick is left alone to manage three native crew members.
Herrick has no seafaring experience.
Several days later, the would-be thieves discover they have been victims of a fraud.
Most of the cargo is not champagne but merely bottles of water.
The shipper and the previous captain had intended to sink the schooner deliberately.
The shipper and the previous captain intended to claim the full value of the "champagne" on insurance.
Davis discovers that his rushed preparations leave the schooner with insufficient food to reach Peru.
The only port they can reach without starving is Papeete.
They would surely be imprisoned for their actions in Papeete.
They sight an unknown island.
They discover an upper-class Englishman named Attwater on the island.
Attwater is a devout Christian.
Attwater has been harvesting pearls on the island for many years.
Attwater has been harvesting pearls with the help of several dozen native workers.
All except four of the native workers have recently died of smallpox.
The three men hatch a new plan to kill Attwater.
The three men plan to take Attwater's pearls.
Herrick's guilt-stricken demeanour betrays the three men.
Huish's drunken ramblings betray the three men.
Attwater and his servants force the three men back onto the schooner at gunpoint.
Herrick jumps overboard and tries to drown himself.
Herrick fails to drown himself.
Herrick swims to the shore.
Herrick throws himself on Attwater's mercy.
Huish proposes a final plan the next day.
Huish's final plan shocks Davis.
Huish plans to meet Attwater under a flag of truce.
Huish plans to disable Attwater by throwing acid in his face.
Attwater is suspicious of Huish's plan.
Attwater realizes what is going on.
Attwater forces Huish to fatally spread the vitriol on himself.
Attwater threatens to kill Davis.
Attwater forgives Davis.
Attwater tells Davis, "Go, and sin no more."
Two weeks later, the surviving men prepare to leave the island.
Attwater's own ship approaches the island.
Davis is now repentant.
Davis is fervently religious to an almost crazed degree.
Davis urges Herrick to join him in his faith.
Herrick is an atheist.