The narrator is an omniscient narrator.
The narrator looks out a window.
The narrator sees smog.
The narrator sees iron workers.
The gender of the narrator is never known.
The narrator is a middle class observer.
The narrator recalls an old story.
The old story is about the house that the narrator is living in.
The narrator cautions the reader to have an objective mind.
The narrator cautions the reader to not be quick to judge the character in the story.
The narrator introduces Deborah.
Deborah is Wolfe's cousin.
Deborah is described as a meek woman.
Deborah works hard.
Deborah has a hump in her back.
Deborah finds out from Janey that Hugh did not take lunch to work.
Deborah decides to walk many miles in the rain to take a lunch for Wolfe.
Deborah describes the mills as if they were hell.
Deborah keeps going for Wolfe.
Wolfe is talking amongst friends when Deborah arrives.
Wolfe recognizes Deborah when she arrives.
The narrator explains his affection for Deborah.
The narrator describes his affection for Deborah as loveless.
The narrator describes his affection for Deborah as sympathetic.
Hugh finds no time to eat his dinner.
Hugh goes back to do a day of labor in the mills.
Deborah stays with Hugh until his shift is over.
Deborah is exhausted.
The narrator explains that Wolfe does not belong in the environment of the iron mill workers.
Wolfe is known as "Molly Wolfe" by other workers.
Wolfe is known as "Molly Wolfe" because of his manner.
Wolfe is known as "Molly Wolfe" because of his background in education.
Wolfe spots men that do not look like workers.
Wolfe sees Clarke, the son of Kirby.
Wolfe sees Doctor May who is a physician.
Wolfe sees another two men that he does not recognize.
The men stop by to look at the working men.
The men are talking and observing.
The men spot a weird object that has the shape of a human.
The men get closer to the weird object.
The weird object is an odd shaped statue built with korl.
The men begin to analyze the statue.
The men wonder who created the statue.
One of the workers points at Wolfe.
The men go to Wolfe.
The men ask Wolfe why he built the statue.
The men ask Wolfe what the statue represents.
Hugh says, "She be hungry."
The men begin to talk about the injustice of the labor force.
One man says that Hugh can get out of the meager job he is in.
One man says that he unfortunately cannot help.
Deborah steals one of the men's wallets.
The wallet has a check for a substantial amount inside.
Deborah and Wolfe go back home.
Wolfe feels like he is a failure.
Wolfe feels anger towards his economical situation.
Deborah confesses to stealing from Mitchell.
Deborah shamefully gives the money to Wolfe.
Wolfe decides to keep the money.
Wolfe believes he is deserving of the money.
Wolfe believes that they are all deserving in God's eyes.
The narrator transitions to a different scene.
Dr. May is reading the newspaper.
Dr. May sees that Wolfe was put in jail for stealing from Mitchell.
The story goes back to Hugh.
Hugh is in prison with Deborah.
The narrator explains how terrible their situation is.
The narrator gives detail of Wolfe's mental disintegration.
Hugh ends up losing his mind in prison.
Hugh kills himself in prison.
A Quaker woman comes to bless and help with the body of Hugh.
The Quaker woman talks to Deborah.
The Quaker woman promises Deborah that she will give Hugh a proper burial.
The Quaker woman promises Deborah that she will come back for her when she is released from jail.