Dr. Charles Primrose lives an idyllic life in a country parish.
Dr. Charles Primrose has a wife named Deborah.
Dr. Charles Primrose has a son named George.
Dr. Charles Primrose has daughters named Olivia and Sophia.
Dr. Charles Primrose has three other children.
Dr. Charles Primrose is wealthy due to investing an inheritance.
Dr. Charles Primrose received the inheritance from a deceased relative.
Dr. Charles Primrose donates £34 annually to local orphans.
Dr. Charles Primrose donates £34 annually to war veterans.
The Vicar loses all his money on the evening of George's wedding.
The Vicar loses all his money through the bankruptcy of his merchant investor.
The merchant investor leaves town abruptly.
Arabella Wilmot's father calls off the wedding.
Arabella Wilmot's father is known for his prudence with money.
George is educated at Oxford.
George is old enough to be considered an adult.
George is sent away to town.
The rest of the family moves to a new parish.
The new parish is more humble.
The new parish is on the land of Squire Thornhill.
Squire Thornhill is known to be a womanizer.
The family hears about the dubious reputation of their new landlord.
Squire Thornhill has an uncle named Sir William Thornhill.
Sir William Thornhill is known throughout the country for his worthiness.
Sir William Thornhill is known throughout the country for his generosity.
Mr. Burchell is a poor and eccentric friend.
Mr. Burchell rescues Sophia from drowning.
Sophia is instantly attracted to Mr. Burchell.
Mrs. Primrose does not encourage Sophia's feelings for Mr. Burchell.
There follows a period of happy family life.
The period of happy family life is interrupted by regular visits of Squire Thornhill.
The period of happy family life is interrupted by regular visits of Mr. Burchell.
Olivia is captivated by Squire Thornhill's hollow charm.
Squire Thornhill encourages the social ambitions of Mrs. Primrose.
Squire Thornhill encourages the social ambitions of Mrs. Primrose's daughters.
Squire Thornhill encourages the social ambitions of Mrs. Primrose to a ludicrous degree.
Olivia is reported to have fled.
Mr. Burchell is suspected of Olivia's flight.
Dr. Charles Primrose finds his daughter after a long pursuit.
Olivia was deceived by Squire Thornhill.
Squire Thornhill planned to marry Olivia in a mock ceremony.
Squire Thornhill planned to leave Olivia shortly after the mock ceremony.
Squire Thornhill had done the same with several women before.
Dr. Charles Primrose and Olivia find their house in flames.
The family has lost almost all their belongings.
Squire Thornhill insists on the payment of the rent.
Dr. Charles Primrose cannot pay the rent.
Dr. Charles Primrose is brought to prison.
There is a chain of dreadful occurrences.
Olivia is reported dead.
Sophia is abducted.
George is sent to prison in chains.
George is covered with blood.
George challenged Squire Thornhill to a duel.
George challenged Squire Thornhill after hearing about his wickedness.
Mr. Burchell arrives and solves all problems.
Mr. Burchell rescues Sophia.
Olivia is not dead.
Mr. Burchell is in reality Sir William Thornhill.
Sir William Thornhill travels through the country in disguise.
There is a double wedding at the end.
George marries Arabella Wilmot.
George marries Arabella Wilmot as he originally intended.
Sir William Thornhill marries Sophia.
Squire Thornhill's servant tricked him.
The sham marriage of Squire Thornhill and Olivia is real.
The wealth of Dr. Charles Primrose is restored.
The bankrupt merchant is reported to be found.