Queen Mary was imprisoned at Loch Leven Castle in 1567.
Queen Mary escaped from Loch Leven Castle.
Queen Mary was defeated.
Roland Graeme is a dim-witted but spirited youth.
Roland Graeme was brought up at the castle of Avenel by Mary Avenel.
Roland Graeme was brought up at the castle of Avenel by Halbert Glendinning.
Regent Murray sent Roland Graeme to be page to Mary Stuart.
Regent Murray directed Roland Graeme to guard Queen Mary.
Roland Graeme fell in love with Catherine Seyton.
Catherine Seyton is one of the ladies-in-waiting to Queen Mary.
Roland Graeme was found to be the heir to Avenel.
Edward Glendinning is the brother of Halbert Glendinning.
Edward Glendinning is the abbot of the title.
Edward Glendinning is the last abbot of the monastery described in the preceding novel.
Ten years passed since the final events of The Monastery.
Halbert Glendinning had been knighted for his services to the regent.
Lady Avenel adopted Roland Graeme.
Lady Avenel's dog saved Roland Graeme from drowning.
Roland Graeme grew up petted by Lady Avenel.
Roland Graeme was disliked by Lady Avenel's chaplain.
Roland Graeme was disliked by Lady Avenel's servants.
Roland Graeme threatened to dirk the falconer.
Roland Graeme was dismissed to seek his fortune.
Father Ambrose secretly taught Roland Graeme the Romish faith.
Roland Graeme's grandmother led him to believe that he was of gentle birth.
Roland Graeme's grandmother introduced him to Catherine Seyton.
Roland Graeme's grandmother accompanied him to the abbey.
Revels of some masqueraders were interrupted by the arrival of Sir Halbert.
Sir Halbert was on his way to Edinburgh.
Sir Halbert attached Roland Graeme to his train.
Roland Graeme aided Lord Seyton in a street fray.
Roland Graeme was introduced to the Earl of Murray.
The Earl of Murray desired Roland Graeme to be ready to travel at short notice.
Roland Graeme adjourned to an inn with Adam Woodcock.
Henry Seyton entrusted Roland Graeme with a sword.
Roland Graeme believed Henry Seyton to be Catherine Seyton in male attire.
Roland Graeme was not to unsheath the sword until commanded by his rightful sovereign.
Roland Graeme learned that he was to be attached to the household of Queen Mary.
Roland Graeme accompanied Lord Lindesay to the castle of Lochleven.
Lochleven Castle is situated on an island.
Roland Graeme found Catherine Seyton in attendance on Queen Mary.
Roland Graeme was present when Catherine Seyton signed her abdication.
Catherine Seyton signed her abdication at the behest of the Secret Council.
Several months passed during which Henderson attempted to convert Roland Graeme.
Roland Graeme learned from Catherine Seyton that Father Ambrose had been evicted from his monastery.
Roland Graeme pledged himself to assist Queen Mary in recovering her freedom for Catherine Seyton's sake.
A plan of escape arranged by George Douglas failed through the vigilance of the Lady of Lochleven.
Roland Graeme undertook to forge a false set of keys.
The abbot arrived disguised as a man-at-arms sent by Sir William.
The abbot was sent by Sir William to take part in guarding the castle.
A preconcerted signal was made from the shore as soon as the curfew had tolled.
Roland Graeme contrived to substitute his forged keys for the real ones.
The garden gate was unlocked at midnight.
A boat was in waiting at midnight.
Henry Seyton came forward at midnight.
Queen Mary and all her adherents were safely afloat when the alarm was given.
Roland Graeme ran back before they started to turn the locks on their jailers.
George Douglas protected Queen Mary by placing himself before her.
George Douglas protected Queen Mary until they were out of reach of musketry.
Horses were in readiness on landing.
Queen Mary and her party reached Lord Seyton's castle in West Lothian before daybreak.
Lord Seyton's castle in West Lothian was strongly garrisoned.
The next morning, Queen Mary was endeavouring to make peace between Roland Graeme and Henry Seyton.
Henry Seyton treated Roland Graeme as a churl.
Roland Graeme's grandmother emerged from a recess.
Roland Graeme's grandmother declared him to be the son of Julian Avenel.
Julian Avenel was killed in the battle with Sir John Foster.
Lord Seyton recognized Roland Graeme.
Lord Seyton insisted that his son should shake hands with him.
The royal party moved onwards for Dumbarton.
The royal party was supported by a considerable number of adherents in battle array.
The royal party was accompanied by the abbot.
Help from France was expected at Dumbarton.
The royal party was intercepted by the regent's forces.
A desperate battle ensued.
Queen Mary stood near a yew tree.
George Douglas guarded Queen Mary in close armour.
Roland Graeme pushed forward to watch the conflict.
The battle lasted nearly an hour.
Sir Halbert attacked the flank of Queen Mary's supporters.
Queen Mary's supporters were completely routed.
Henry Seyton was killed in the battle.
George Douglas was mortally wounded in the battle.
George Douglas expired without withdrawing his eyes from Queen Mary's face.
Queen Mary adopted the fatal resolution of trusting to Elizabeth's mercy.
Queen Mary bid adieu to her followers.
Queen Mary took ship for England.
Roland Graeme succeeded in obtaining proofs of his claim as the heir of Avenel.
Roland Graeme was married to Catherine Seyton.
Catherine Seyton returned from two years residence with her unhappy mistress.