Pierre Glendinning, junior, is the 19-year-old heir to the manor at Saddle Meadows in upstate New York.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is engaged to Lucy Tartan.
Lucy Tartan is blonde.
Pierre Glendinning, junior's, engagement to Lucy Tartan is approved by Pierre Glendinning, junior's, mother.
Pierre Glendinning, junior's, mother controls the estate since the death of Pierre Glendinning, junior's, father.
Pierre Glendinning, junior's, father is Pierre Glendinning, senior.
Isabel Banford claims that she is Pierre Glendinning, junior's, half-sister.
Isabel Banford is the illegitimate and orphaned child of Pierre Glendinning, junior's, father.
Isabel Banford is a European refugee.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, devises a remarkable scheme to preserve his father’s name.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, devises a remarkable scheme to spare his mother’s grief.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, devises a remarkable scheme to give Isabel Banford her proper share of the estate.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, announces to his mother that he is married.
Pierre Glendinning, junior's, mother throws him out of the house.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, departs for New York City with Isabel Banford.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, departs for New York City with Delly Ulver.
Delly Ulver is a disgraced young woman.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, finds and reads a fragment of a treatise on "Chronometricals and Horologicals."
The treatise on "Chronometricals and Horologicals" discusses the differences between absolute and relative virtue.
The treatise on "Chronometricals and Horologicals" is written by Plotinus Plinlimmon.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, counts on the hospitality of Glendinning Stanley.
Glendinning Stanley is Pierre Glendinning, junior's, friend and cousin.
Glendinning Stanley refuses to recognize Pierre Glendinning, junior.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, Isabel Banford, and Delly Ulver find rooms in the Church of the Apostles.
The Church of the Apostles is a former church converted to apartments.
The Church of the Apostles is populated by impecunious artists, writers, spiritualists, and philosophers.
Plinlimmon is a mysterious resident of the Church of the Apostles.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, attempts to earn money by writing a book.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is encouraged by his juvenile successes as a writer.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, learns that his mother has died.
Pierre Glendinning, junior's, mother left the Saddle Meadows estate to Glendinning Stanley.
Glendinning Stanley is now engaged to marry Lucy Tartan.
Lucy Tartan shows up at the Apostles.
Lucy Tartan is determined to share Pierre Glendinning, junior's, life and lot.
Lucy Tartan is determined to share Pierre Glendinning, junior's, life and lot despite his apparent marriage to Isabel Banford.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, and the three women live together in the Church of the Apostles.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, and the three women live together as best they can.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, and the three women have scant money.
Pierre Glendinning, junior's, writing does not go well.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, has been "Timonized" by his experiences.
The darker truths Pierre Glendinning, junior, has come to recognize cannot be reconciled with the light and innocent literature the market seeks.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is unable to write.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, has a vision in a trance of an earth-bound stone giant Enceladus.
Enceladus assaults the heavenly Mount of Titans.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by debts.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by fears of the threats of Glendinning Stanley.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by fears of Lucy Tartan’s brother.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by the rejection of his book by its contracted publishers.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by fears of his own incestuous passion for Isabel Banford.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by doubts of the truth of Isabel Banford’s story.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, guns down Glendinning Stanley at rush hour on Broadway.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, is taken to jail in The Tombs.
Isabel Banford visits Pierre Glendinning, junior, in jail.
Lucy Tartan visits Pierre Glendinning, junior, in jail.
Lucy Tartan dies of shock when Isabel Banford addresses Pierre Glendinning, junior, as her brother.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, seizes upon the secret poison vial that Isabel Banford carries.
Pierre Glendinning, junior, drinks the secret poison vial.
Isabel Banford finishes the remainder of the secret poison vial.
The novel ends with three corpses.