Eugene Onegin is a bored Saint Petersburg dandy.
Eugene Onegin's life consists of balls, concerts, parties, and nothing more.
Eugene Onegin inherits a landed estate from his uncle.
Eugene Onegin moves to the country.
Eugene Onegin strikes up a friendship with Vladimir Lensky.
Vladimir Lensky is a starry-eyed young poet.
Vladimir Lensky takes Eugene Onegin to dine with the family of his fiancée.
Olga Larina is sociable but rather thoughtless.
Olga Larina is Vladimir Lensky's fiancée.
Eugene Onegin catches a glimpse of Olga Larina's sister Tatyana.
Tatyana is quiet and precocious.
Tatyana is the exact opposite of Olga Larina.
Tatyana becomes intensely drawn to Eugene Onegin.
Tatyana bares her soul to Eugene Onegin in a letter professing her love.
Eugene Onegin does not write back to Tatyana.
Eugene Onegin rejects Tatyana's advances politely but dismissively and condescendingly.
Eugene Onegin admits that Tatyana's letter was touching.
Eugene Onegin says that he would quickly grow bored with marriage.
Eugene Onegin can only offer Tatyana friendship.
Eugene Onegin advises Tatyana to have more emotional control in the future.
Vladimir Lensky invites Eugene Onegin to Tatyana's name day celebration.
Vladimir Lensky promises a small gathering with just Tatyana, Olga, and their parents.
Eugene Onegin finds a boisterous country ball instead of a small gathering.
The country ball is a rural parody of and contrast to the society balls of St. Petersburg.
Eugene Onegin is irritated with the guests who gossip about him and Tatyana.
Eugene Onegin is irritated with Vladimir Lensky for persuading him to come.
Eugene Onegin decides to avenge himself by dancing and flirting with Olga Larina.
Olga Larina is insensitive to Vladimir Lensky.
Olga Larina is apparently attracted to Eugene Onegin.
Vladimir Lensky is earnest and inexperienced.
Vladimir Lensky is wounded to the core.
Vladimir Lensky challenges Eugene Onegin to fight a duel.
Eugene Onegin reluctantly accepts the duel.
Eugene Onegin feels compelled by social convention to accept the duel.
Eugene Onegin unwillingly kills Vladimir Lensky during the duel.
Eugene Onegin quits his country estate.
Eugene Onegin travels abroad to deaden his feelings of remorse.
Tatyana visits Eugene Onegin's mansion.
Tatyana looks through Eugene Onegin's books and his notes in the margins.
Tatyana begins to question whether Eugene Onegin's character is merely a collage of different literary heroes.
Tatyana questions if there is, in fact, no "real Onegin."
Several years pass.
The scene shifts to St. Petersburg.
Eugene Onegin comes to attend the most prominent balls.
Eugene Onegin interacts with the leaders of old Russian society.
Eugene Onegin sees the most beautiful woman.
The most beautiful woman captures the attention of all.
The most beautiful woman is central to society's whirl.
Eugene Onegin realizes that the most beautiful woman is Tatyana.
Tatyana is married to an aged prince.
The aged prince is a general.
Eugene Onegin becomes obsessed with winning Tatyana's affection.
Eugene Onegin's attempts to win Tatyana's affection are rebuffed.
Eugene Onegin writes Tatyana several letters.
Eugene Onegin receives no reply from Tatyana.
Eugene Onegin manages to see Tatyana eventually.
Eugene Onegin presents Tatyana the opportunity to elope.
Eugene Onegin and Tatyana have become reacquainted.
Eugene Onegin desires Tatyana for her wealth and position.
Tatyana recalls the days when she and Eugene Onegin might have been happy.
Tatyana believes that time has passed for her and Eugene Onegin.
Eugene Onegin repeats his love for Tatyana.
Tatyana admits that she still loves Eugene Onegin.
Tatyana will not allow Eugene Onegin to ruin her.
Tatyana declares her determination to remain faithful to her husband.
Tatyana leaves Eugene Onegin.
Eugene Onegin regrets his bitter destiny.