Bartley Alexander is a construction engineer.
Bartley Alexander is a world-renowned builder of bridges.
Bartley Alexander is undergoing a mid-life crisis.
Bartley Alexander is married to Winifred Alexander.
Bartley Alexander resumes his acquaintance with Hilda Burgoyne.
Hilda Burgoyne is a former lover of Bartley Alexander.
Hilda Burgoyne is located in London.
The affair with Hilda Burgoyne gnaws at Bartley Alexander's sense of propriety.
The affair with Hilda Burgoyne gnaws at Bartley Alexander's sense of honor.
Professor Wilson arrives at the Alexanders' house in Boston.
Bartley Alexander persuaded Professor Wilson to attend a Congress of Psychologists.
Winifred Alexander greets Professor Wilson.
Bartley Alexander comes home after Professor Wilson arrives.
Winifred Alexander plays the piano for Bartley Alexander and Professor Wilson.
Winifred Alexander tells Professor Wilson how she met Bartley Alexander.
Winifred Alexander met Bartley Alexander through her aunt.
The Alexanders prepare for Christmas dinner on Christmas Eve.
Bartley Alexander tells Professor Wilson he is having trouble with a bridge in Canada.
Bartley Alexander gives Winifred Alexander pearl earrings.
Bartley Alexander makes ready to leave for London on New Year's Day.
Bartley Alexander endures sharp gales on the ship.
Bartley Alexander goes into a bar on the ship.
Bartley Alexander gambles at bridge in the bar.
Bartley Alexander visits Hilda Burgoyne in London.
Bartley Alexander tells Hilda Burgoyne he cannot go on having two relationships.
Bartley Alexander tells Hilda Burgoyne she must forget about him.
Hilda Burgoyne is distressed.
Bartley Alexander takes Hilda Burgoyne out to dinner the day before he is due to return to America.
Hugh MacConnell walks Hilda Burgoyne back to her house on a foggy day.
Hilda Burgoyne says she isn't attracted to Hugh MacConnell.
Hilda Burgoyne and Hugh MacConnell are just close friends.
Hilda Burgoyne receives a letter from Bartley Alexander in her house.
Bartley Alexander's letter says he is going mad away from Hilda Burgoyne.
Hilda Burgoyne visits Bartley Alexander in America.
Hilda Burgoyne tells Bartley Alexander she will marry another man.
Bartley Alexander doesn't like the idea of Hilda Burgoyne marrying another man.
Hilda Burgoyne and Bartley Alexander spend one last evening together.
Philip Horton calls Bartley Alexander to Canada to inspect the bridge.
Bartley Alexander discovers that one of the lower chords of the bridge is failing.
The failing lower chord compromises the structural integrity of the entire bridge.
Philip Horton attempted to contact Bartley Alexander earlier.
Philip Horton attempted to contact Bartley Alexander on the very day Bartley Alexander was with Hilda Burgoyne.
Bartley Alexander is on the bridge stopping the work crews.
The bridge collapses while Bartley Alexander is on it.
The bridge collapse kills many of the workers.
Bartley Alexander's body is recovered the next day.
Bartley Alexander's body is taken to Philip Horton's house.
Winifred Alexander comes back to make arrangements for Bartley Alexander's corpse.
Wilson visits Hilda Burgoyne.
Hilda Burgoyne expresses her envy of Winifred Alexander.
Wilson reminds Hilda Burgoyne that Winifred Alexander is now bereft.
Wilson reminds Hilda Burgoyne that Winifred Alexander will be haunted by Bartley Alexander's death.
Hilda Burgoyne concludes that she will be haunted by Bartley Alexander's death too.