Lady Anna is set during the 1830s.
Lady Anna is set at about the time of the First Reform Act of 1832.
Lady Anna is the daughter of the late Earl Lovel.
Lady Lovel married Earl Lovel out of ambition rather than love.
Earl Lovel had an evil reputation.
Earl Lovel told Lady Lovel that he had a living wife.
Earl Lovel's claim of a living wife made his union with Lady Lovel invalid.
Earl Lovel's claim of a living wife made their unborn daughter illegitimate.
Earl Lovel sailed to Italy without Lady Lovel.
Earl Lovel did not return to England for twenty years.
Lady Lovel struggled to prove the validity of her marriage during those two decades.
Lady Lovel struggled to prove her right to her title during those two decades.
Lady Lovel struggled to prove her daughter's legitimacy during those two decades.
Lady Lovel enjoyed neither the sympathy of the public nor the support of her family during those two decades.
Thomas Thwaite was Lady Lovel's only friend and supporter during those two decades.
Thomas Thwaite was a Radical tailor of Keswick.
Thomas Thwaite gave shelter to Lady Lovel and her daughter.
Thomas Thwaite financed Lady Lovel's legal battles.
Lord Lovel returned to England early in the novel.
Lord Lovel died intestate.
Lord Lovel's earldom passed to a distant cousin, young Frederick Lovel.
Lord Lovel's small estate in Cumberland passed to young Frederick Lovel.
The bulk of Lord Lovel's large fortune is personal property.
Lord Lovel's personal property is not attached to the title.
If Lord Lovel's marriage to Lady Lovel was valid, his personal property will go to Lady Lovel and their daughter.
If Lord Lovel's marriage to Lady Lovel was not valid, his personal property will go to young Frederick Lovel.
The new earl's lawyers believe that their case against Lady Lovel is weak.
The new earl's lawyers believe that their claim against Lady Lovel is probably false.
The new earl's lawyers propose a compromise.
The compromise is that young Frederick Lovel marry Lady Anna.
The compromise aims to reunite the title and the assets held by Earl Lovel.
Lady Lovel enthusiastically supports the plan.
The plan fulfills all of Lady Lovel's ambitions for herself and her daughter.
The young earl is favorably impressed by Lady Anna's appearance.
The young earl is favorably impressed by Lady Anna's character.
Lady Anna has come to love Thomas Thwaite's son Daniel.
Lady Anna and Daniel Thwaite have become secretly engaged.
Lady Lovel and others strive to break Lady Anna's engagement to Daniel Thwaite.
Lady Anna will not yield to persuasion.
Lady Anna will not yield to mistreatment.
Daniel Thwaite rejects arguments to end the relationship.
Daniel Thwaite rejects bribes to end the relationship.
Lady Anna is approaching her twenty-first birthday.
After Lady Anna's twenty-first birthday, she will be free to marry without her mother's consent.
Lady Lovel secures a pistol in desperation.
Lady Lovel attempts to murder Thomas Thwaite.
Lady Lovel wounds Thomas Thwaite.
Lady Lovel does not kill Thomas Thwaite.
Thomas Thwaite refuses to name Lady Lovel to the police.
Lady Lovel's attempt to murder Thomas Thwaite puts an effective end to her attempts to keep Lady Anna and Daniel Thwaite apart.
With Thomas Thwaite's consent, Lady Anna makes half of her fortune over to young Frederick Lovel.
Lady Anna marries Thomas Thwaite.
Lady Anna marries Thomas Thwaite with the public approval of the Lovel family.
Lady Lovel refuses to attend Lady Anna's wedding ceremony.
Lady Anna and Thomas Thwaite emigrate to Australia.
Lady Anna and Thomas Thwaite expect that his low birth will no longer be a burden to them in Australia.
Lady Anna and Thomas Thwaite expect that her title will no longer be a burden to them in Australia.