The novel is told from the perspective of an unnamed medical professor.
The unnamed medical professor tells the story of a student named Bernard Langdon.
Bernard Langdon has to take some time away from his studies to earn money as a teacher.
Bernard Langdon spends a short time teaching at a school in the village of Pigwacket Centre.
Bernard Langdon earns respect after taking on the school bully, Abner Briggs.
After only a month, Bernard Langdon leaves to work at the Apollinean Female Institute in the town of Rockland.
The owner of the Apollinean Female Institute is Silas Peckham.
Silas Peckham is profit-focused.
The schoolmistress at the Apollinean Female Institute is Miss Helen Darley.
Miss Helen Darley is literally working herself to death.
One of Bernard Langdon's students is the 17-year-old Elsie Venner.
Elsie Venner purposely sits apart from the other students.
Elsie Venner is known for being strange and quick to anger.
Elsie Venner is only close to her father Dudley Venner.
Elsie Venner calls her father Dudley Venner by his first name.
Elsie Venner is close to her governess, Old Sophy.
Elsie Venner has a friendship with the town physician Dr. Kittredge.
Elsie Venner reveals to Dr. Kittredge that she ran away from home.
Elsie Venner ran away from home to hide on the other side of the mountain.
The other town residents are afraid to go to the other side of the mountain.
Elsie's half-Spanish cousin Richard "Dick" Venner pays a visit at the Venner estate.
Dick Venner's mother died when he was a child.
Elsie Venner and Dick Venner were playmates in their childhood.
Elsie Venner was rough on Dick Venner.
Elsie Venner once bit Dick Venner hard enough that he still has scars from it.
Dick Venner has become a skilled horse-rider.
Dick Venner is a bit of a trouble-maker.
Stories of Dick Venner's escapades are unclear.
Rumors abound that Dick Venner has come to town to ask his cousin Elsie Venner to marry him.
Dick Venner intends to marry Elsie Venner so that he can inherit his uncle's estate.
Bernard Langdon is surprised to find a gift stuck in the pages of a book by Virgil on his desk at school.
The gift stuck in the pages of the book by Virgil is an exotic-looking flower.
The exotic-looking flower is known to be the type Elsie Venner collects.
Bernard Langdon is frightened yet intrigued that Elsie Venner has taken an interest in him.
Bernard Langdon resolves to climb the mountain and find Elsie Venner's secret hiding-place.
Bernard Langdon climbs up several precipitous rock formations.
Bernard Langdon finds the source of the exotic flower Elsie Venner presented him.
Bernard Langdon investigates a cavern where he thinks Elsie Venner hides out.
Bernard Langdon is overtaken by a rattlesnake poised to strike.
Elsie Venner appears and calms the rattlesnake merely by looking at it.
Bernard Langdon is intrigued.
Bernard Langdon researches snakes, poisons, and the "evil eye."
Bernard Langdon cages a couple of snakes.
Bernard Langdon contacts his old professor for information.
Doctor Kittredge recognizes the mutual interest between Bernard Langdon and Elsie Venner.
Doctor Kittredge recommends Bernard Langdon begin practicing with a pistol.
Dick Venner subtly pursues a relationship with Elsie Venner.
Dick Venner pursues a relationship with Elsie Venner in order to become heir to the ample Venner estate.
Dick Venner is jealous of Bernard Langdon.
Dick Venner worries Elsie's father might marry Miss Darley.
One night, Dick Venner attacks Bernard Langdon with his lasso.
Bernard Langdon shoots his pistol and kills Dick Venner's horse.
Bernard Langdon is injured.
Dr. Kittredge's assistant appears.
Dr. Kittredge's assistant has been ordered to follow Dick Venner.
Dr. Kittredge's assistant exposes the incident.
Dick Venner is run out of town.
Elsie Venner admits her interest in Bernard Langdon.
Bernard Langdon admits he is concerned about Elsie Venner as a friend.
Elsie Venner is devastated.
Elsie Venner becomes sick.
During her illness, Elsie Venner calls for Miss Darley to attend to her.
Miss Darley finally asks Old Sophy how Elsie Venner's mother died.
It is implied that Elsie Venner's mother was poisoned by a snake bite shortly before Elsie Venner was born.
Elsie Venner slowly loses her mysterious nature.
Elsie Venner softens enough to tell her father she loves him.
Elsie Venner dies shortly after.