Silas Lapham is interviewed for a newspaper profile.
Silas Lapham explains his financial success in the mineral paint business.
The Lapham family is somewhat self-conscious in their sudden rise on the social ladder.
The Lapham family often fumbles in their attempts at following etiquette norms.
The Lapham family decides to build a new home in the fashionable Back Bay neighborhood.
Silas Lapham spares no expense ensuring the new home is at the height of fashion.
Tom Corey is a young man from a well-respected high-class family.
Tom Corey shows an interest in the Lapham girls.
Mr. Lapham assumes Tom Corey is attracted to Irene, the beautiful younger daughter.
Mrs. Lapham assumes Tom Corey is attracted to Irene, the beautiful younger daughter.
Tom Corey joins the Lapham's paint business in an attempt to find his place in the world.
Tom Corey does not want to rely on the savings of his father, Bromfield Corey.
Everyone assumes Tom Corey's interest in Irene has grown when he begins calling on the Laphams regularly.
Irene takes a fancy to Tom Corey.
Tom Corey reveals his love for Penelope, the elder daughter.
Penelope is more plain-looking than Irene.
Penelope is more intelligent than Irene.
Penelope possesses an unusual sense of humor.
Penelope possesses a sophisticated literary passion.
Penelope possesses a sensible but inquiring mind.
Penelope has feelings for Tom Corey.
Penelope is held back by the romantic conventions of the era.
Penelope does not want to act on her love for Tom Corey for fear of betraying her sister.
Silas Lapham's former business partner is Milton K. Rogers.
Milton K. Rogers reappears in Silas Lapham's life.
Milton K. Rogers asks Silas Lapham for money for a series of schemes.
Mrs. Lapham urges Silas Lapham to support Milton K. Rogers.
Silas Lapham had pushed Milton K. Rogers out of the paint company in an inappropriate manner.
Silas Lapham's dealings with Milton K. Rogers result in a substantial financial loss.
Silas Lapham's major asset, the new home on Beacon Street, burns down before its completion.
The Laphams are humbly forced to move to their ancestral home in the countryside.
The mineral paint was first developed at the Laphams' ancestral home in the countryside.