Challenger sends telegrams asking Edward Malone to join him at his home outside London.
Challenger sends telegrams asking Lord John Roxton to join him at his home outside London.
Challenger sends telegrams asking Professor Summerlee to join him at his home outside London.
Challenger instructs Edward Malone to bring oxygen.
Challenger instructs Lord John Roxton to bring oxygen.
Challenger instructs Professor Summerlee to bring oxygen.
Edward Malone, Lord John Roxton, Professor Summerlee, Challenger, and Challenger's wife are ushered into a sealed room.
Challenger has predicted that the Earth is moving into a belt of poisonous ether.
Challenger expects the poisonous ether to stifle humanity.
Challenger believes that cylinders of oxygen will counter the effect of the ether.
Challenger seals Edward Malone, Lord John Roxton, Professor Summerlee, and Challenger's wife in the room with cylinders of oxygen.
The five individuals wait out the Earth's passage through the poison belt.
The five individuals watch the world outside die.
The five individuals watch machines run amok.
Challenger's servants are left outside the sealed room.
Challenger's servants continue to perform their duties until the ether overtakes them.
The last of the oxygen cylinders is emptied.
The five individuals open a window.
The five individuals are ready to face death.
The five individuals do not die.
The five individuals conclude that the Earth has now passed through the poison belt.
The five individuals journey through the dead countryside in Challenger's car.
The five individuals finally arrive in London.
The five individuals encounter only one survivor.
The one survivor is an elderly, bed-ridden woman.
The elderly, bed-ridden woman is prescribed oxygen for her health.
The five individuals discover that the effect of the ether is temporary.
The world reawakens with no knowledge that the five individuals have lost any time at all.
Challenger and his companions manage to convince the world what happened.
The task of convincing the world is made easier by the tremendous amount of death and destruction caused by runaway machines and fires.
The death and destruction took place while the world was asleep.
Humanity is shocked into placing a higher value on life.