The story starts in 1784.
The year 1784 is before the French revolution.
Wealthy Paul Déroulède has offended the young Vicomte de Marny.
Paul Déroulède spoke disrespectfully of Adèle de Monterchéri.
Adèle de Monterchéri is the latest infatuation of the young Vicomte de Marny.
Paul Déroulède did not intend to get into the quarrel.
Paul Déroulède has a tendency to blunder into things.
Paul Déroulède's tendency to blunder into things is a part of the inheritance bequeathed to him by his bourgeois ancestry.
The Vicomte de Marny is incensed at the slur on Adèle.
The Vicomte de Marny sees Adèle as a paragon of virtue.
The Vicomte de Marny challenges Paul Déroulède to a duel.
Paul Déroulède does not want to fight the duel.
Paul Déroulède knows and respects the boy's father, the Duc de Marny.
Swords are drawn.
The fight ensues in the centre of the salon.
The Vicomte de Marny is no match for Paul Déroulède's swordplay.
The Vicomte de Marny is addled with wine and rage.
Paul Déroulède disarms the Vicomte de Marny.
Paul Déroulède has won the duel.
The Vicomte de Marny refuses to back down without complete satisfaction.
The Vicomte de Marny demands that Paul Déroulède get down on his knees and apologize.
Paul Déroulède finally loses his temper with the young Vicomte.
Paul Déroulède raises his sword to disarm the Vicomte de Marny once more.
The Vicomte de Marny lunges wildly at Paul Déroulède's breast.
The Vicomte de Marny manages to literally throw himself on Paul Déroulède's weapon.
The Vicomte de Marny is dead.
Paul Déroulède can do nothing but leave the establishment.
The Duc de Marny is distraught on hearing of the death of his only son.
The Duc de Marny is a cripple and almost a dotard.
The Duc de Marny summons his fourteen-year-old daughter, Juliette, to his side.
The Duc de Marny forces Juliette to swear an oath to ruin Paul Déroulède in revenge for her brother's death.
The Duc de Marny tells Juliette that her brother's soul will remain in torment until the final judgement day should she break her promise.
The story picks up ten years later.
Citizen Paul Déroulède is no longer rich.
Citizen Paul Déroulède is a lawyer popular with the people.
Citizen Paul Déroulède is allowed to go his own way.
Marat has said of Citizen Paul Déroulède "Il n'est pas dangereux".
Citizen Paul Déroulède leads a quiet life.
Citizen Paul Déroulède lives alone with his mother.
Citizen Paul Déroulède lives with his orphaned cousin Anne Mie.
Citizen Paul Déroulède lives in the Rue Ecole de Médecine.
At 6 pm on August 19, 1793, Juliette Marny walks into the Rue Ecole de Médecine.
Juliette Marny stops just outside the house belonging to Citizen-Deputy Paul Déroulède.
Juliette Marny suddenly starts to draw attention to herself.
Juliette Marny invokes the anger of the crowd through her proud aristocratic manner.
Juliette Marny hammers on Paul Déroulède's door.
The crowd shouts and lashes out at Juliette Marny.
Just before the crowd can drag Juliette Marny away, the door opens.
Juliette Marny is pulled inside.
Juliette Marny tricks her way into Paul Déroulède's home.
Juliette Marny is invited to stay for her own safety.
Juliette Marny agrees to stay.
Juliette Marny eventually reveals her identity.
Juliette Marny fails to realize that Paul Déroulède only wishes to make amends for the death of her brother.
Juliette Marny continues to plot revenge on Paul Déroulède.
Paul Déroulède tells Juliette Marny that he has accepted the post of Governor of the Conciergerie prison.
Queen Marie Antoinette is imprisoned in the Conciergerie prison.
Sir Percy Blakeney visits Paul Déroulède at home.
Juliette Marny overhears Sir Percy Blakeney warning Paul Déroulède off a scheme to free Queen Marie Antoinette.
Sir Percy Blakeney warns Paul Déroulède that the scheme to free Queen Marie Antoinette is doomed to failure.
Sir Percy Blakeney advises Paul Déroulède to burn a bundle of papers relating to the plot.
If the bundle of papers is found, Paul Déroulède would be arrested for treason and sentenced to death.
Juliette Marny sees her chance.
Juliette Marny posts a letter denouncing her host.
Juliette Marny realizes too late that she has failed to take account of the fact that Paul Déroulède has fallen madly in love with her.
Juliette Marny has also come to love Paul Déroulède.
Soldiers arrive to search Paul Déroulède's home.
Juliette Marny hides the letter box.
Juliette Marny escapes to her room.
Juliette Marny attempts to burn the letter box.
Juliette Marny places the burnt remains among her belongings.
The soldiers discover the burnt remains.
The soldiers arrest Juliette Marny.
The search turned up nothing suspicious against Paul Déroulède.
Paul Déroulède is allowed to remain free.
During her trial, Juliette Marny keeps to the story that the burnt letter box contained love letters.
Paul Déroulède defends his love.
Paul Déroulède admits that the letters are his own.
Paul Déroulède admits that he has committed treason.
Both Juliette Marny and Paul Déroulède are sentenced to death.
The Scarlet Pimpernel and his comrades manage to rescue Juliette Marny and Paul Déroulède.
Juliette Marny and Paul Déroulède are rescued on their journey from the courthouse to the prison.