The Confessions of a Young Man is presented as a novel.
The Confessions of a Young Man has a hero named Dayne.
The reader assumes The Confessions of a Young Man is an autobiography.
The Confessions of a Young Man is a true "confession".
Dayne went to Paris as a teenager.
Dayne almost becomes a full Parisian.
Dayne nearly forgets the English language after 15 years.
Dayne sketches with a frankness that is now jubilant.
Dayne sketches with a frankness that is now cynical.
Dayne sketches the luscious "vie de Boheme" that Paris alone could offer.
Dayne loves art.
Students move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Cabotins move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Painters move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Poets move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Pale enthusiasts starving for the sake of an idea move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Actresses move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Women of fashion move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Courtesans move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Clubmen move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Spectators move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
Artistic endeavour and perfumed vice mingle in fraternity.
Everything in Paris is unusual.
Everything in Paris is irregular.
Everything in Paris is fantastic.
Dayne emerges from the ordeal of the Parisian environment but little changed.
For Dayne, the enticements of the flesh are not more powerful than those of art.
One week, Dayne is beguiling the hours in some salon or alcove.
The next week, Dayne is incandescent with aspiration.
The years pass for Dayne.
Dayne saturates himself with the French theories of literary and graphic art.
The French theories of literary and graphic art are bound up with the names of Flaubert, Goncourts, Zola, Degas, and Manet.
Dayne learns with tragic certainty that he is not destined to be a painter.
Dayne courageously admits that all his periodic, frenzied effort has been misdirected.
There are interludes of philosophy and literary criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man.
The philosophy in The Confessions of a Young Man is perhaps not of much account.
The criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man is often original.
The criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man is epigrammatic.
The criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man is sometimes of astounding penetration.
The criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man is always literary.
Dayne is driven by adverse circumstances to London.
Dayne is driven by adverse circumstances to a lodging in the Strand.
The book ends in a lodging in the Strand.
Dayne's ideas about art can be seen in characteristic passages.
Dayne's temperament can be seen in characteristic passages.
Dayne believed that art was not for him then as it is now.
Dayne believed that art was a mere emotion right or wrong only in proportion to its intensity.
Dayne believed in the grammar of art.
Dayne believed in perspective.
Dayne believed in anatomy.
Dayne believed in la jambe qui forte.