An unnamed narrator befriends an old "Hispano-American" gentleman.
The old "Hispano-American" gentleman never speaks of his past.
The narrator's interest is piqued.
The narrator elicits the story from the old "Hispano-American" gentleman.
Abel is a young man of wealth.
Abel fails at a revolution.
Abel flees Caracas into the uncharted forests of Guayana.
Abel survives fever.
Abel fails at journal-keeping.
Abel fails at gold hunting.
Abel settles in an Indian village.
Abel wastes away his life.
Abel plays guitar for old Cla-Cla.
Abel hunts badly with Kua-kó.
Abel tells stories to the children.
Abel discovers an enchanting forest.
Abel hears a strange bird-like singing in the forest.
Abel's Indian friends avoid the forest.
The forest has an evil spirit-protector called "the Daughter of the Didi."
Abel persists in the search for the forest.
Abel finds Rima the Bird Girl.
Rima has dark hair.
Rima wears a smock of spider webs.
Rima can communicate with birds in an unknown tongue.
Rima shields a coral snake.
Abel is bitten by the coral snake.
Abel falls unconscious.
Abel awakens in the hut of Nuflo.
Nuflo is an old man.
Nuflo protects his granddaughter Rima.
Nuflo won't reveal Rima's origin.
Rima leads Abel through the forest.
Abel wonders about Rima's identity.
Abel wonders about Rima's place of origin.
Abel returns to the Indians.
Relations between Abel and the Indians become icy.
The Indians would kill Rima if they could.
Rima often speaks of her dead mother.
Rima's dead mother was always depressed.
Abel falls in love with Rima.
Rima is 17 years old.
Rima is a stranger to white men.
Rima is confused by odd feelings.
Abel cannot speak Rima's unknown language.
Rima questions Abel about the world known and unknown.
Rima asks Abel if she is unique and alone.
Abel reveals that Rima is unique and alone.
Rima perks up when Abel mentions the storied mountains of Riolama.
"Riolama" is Rima's real name.
Nuflo must know where Riolama is.
Rima demands Nuflo to guide her to Riolama.
Rima threatens Nuflo with eternal damnation from her sainted mother.
Nuflo caves in to the pressure.
Abel pays a last visit to the Indians.
The Indians capture Abel as a prisoner.
The Indians suspect Abel is a spy for an enemy tribe.
The Indians suspect Abel consorts with demons.
Abel manages to escape.
Abel returns to Rima and Nuflo.
Abel, Rima, and Nuflo trek to distant Riolama.
Nuflo reveals his past along the way.
Nuflo reveals Rima's origin.
Seventeen years ago, Nuflo led bandits.
The bandits preyed on Christians and Indians.
The bandits were forced to flee to the mountains.
The bandits found a cave to live in.
A strange woman speaking a bird-like language hid in the cave.
The strange woman was to be Rima's mother.
Rima's mother is never named.
Nuflo assumed the strange woman was a saint sent to save his soul.
Nuflo left the bandits.
Nuflo carried Rima's mother to Voa.
Voa is a Christian community.
Nuflo delivered Rima to Voa.
Rima and her mother talked in their magical language for seven years.
Rima's mother wasted away in the dampness.
Rima's mother died.
Nuflo brought Rima to the drier mountains as contrition.
The local Indians found Rima queer.
The local Indians resented how Rima chased off game animals.
The local Indians tried to kill Rima.
A mis-shot dart killed an Indian.
The local Indians fled Rima's magic.
Rima is eager to enter Riolama valley.
Abel reveals sad news to Rima.
Rima's mother left because nothing remained.
Rima's mother belonged to a gentle, vegetarian people.
The gentle, vegetarian people had no weapons.
The gentle, vegetarian people were wiped out by Indians.
The gentle, vegetarian people were wiped out by plague.
The gentle, vegetarian people were wiped out by other causes.
Rima is unique and alone.
Rima is saddened by the news.
Rima suspected her mother was always depressed.
Rima decides to return to the forest.
Rima decides to prepare a life for herself and Abel.
Rima flits away.
Abel frets as he and Nuflo walk home.
Abel and Nuflo are delayed by rain and hunger.
Abel and Nuflo return to find the forest silent.
Nuflo's hut is burned down.
The Indians are hunting game.
Abel is exhausted.
Abel is taken prisoner again.
Abel isn't killed.
Abel quickly makes a vow to go to war against the enemy tribe.
Abel drops hints about Rima and her whereabouts on the war trail.
Kua-Ko explains how the Indians dared enter the forbidden forest.
The Indians caught Rima in the open.
The Indians chased Rima up the giant tree.
The Indians heaped brush underneath the giant tree.
The Indians burned Rima.
Abel kills Kua-kó.
Abel runs to the enemy tribe.
Abel sounds the alarm.
Days later, Abel returns.
All of Abel's Indian friends are dead.
Abel finds the giant tree burned.
Abel collects Rima's ashes in a pot.
Abel treks homeward.
Abel is despondent.
Abel hallucinates.
Abel is helped by Indians and Christians.
Abel reaches the sea.
Abel is sane and healthy again.
Abel is now an old man.
Abel's only ambition is to be buried with Rima's ashes.
Abel believes neither God nor man can forgive his sins.
Abel believes gentle Rima would forgive him.
Abel believes he must forgive himself.