Penguin Island is written in the style of a sprawling 18th- and 19th-century history book.
Penguin Island is concerned with grand metanarratives.
Penguin Island mythologizes heroes.
Penguin Island includes hagiography.
Penguin Island promotes romantic nationalism.
Penguin Island is about a fictitious island.
The fictitious island is inhabited by great auks.
The fictitious island existed off the northern coast of Europe.
The history of Penguin Island begins when a wayward Christian missionary monk lands on the island.
The wayward Christian missionary monk perceives the upright, unafraid auks as a sort of pre-Christian society of noble pagans.
The wayward Christian missionary monk is mostly blind and somewhat deaf.
The wayward Christian missionary monk mistakes the auks for humans.
The wayward Christian missionary monk baptizes the auks.
The baptism of the auks causes a problem for The Lord.
The Lord normally only allows humans to be baptized.
The Lord consults with saints and theologians in Heaven.
The Lord resolves the dilemma by converting the baptized birds to humans.
The converted humans have only a few physical traces of their ornithological origin.
The converted humans are given each a soul.
The history of Penguinia begins after the conversion of the auks.
The history of Penguinia mirrors that of France.
The history of Penguinia also mirrors more generally that of Western Europe.
The history of Penguinia includes German-speaking areas.
The history of Penguinia includes the British Isles.
The narrative of Penguinia spans from the Migration Period.
The Migration Period is also known as the "Dark Ages." The Germanic tribes fought incessantly among themselves for territory during the Migration Period.
The narrative of Penguinia includes the heroic Early Middle Ages.
The rise of Charlemagne is part of the narrative of Penguinia.
Charlemagne is referred to as "Draco the Great." The narrative of Penguinia includes conflicts with Viking raiders.
Viking raiders are referred to as "porpoises." The narrative of Penguinia includes the Renaissance.
Erasmus is part of the narrative of Penguinia.
The narrative of Penguinia extends up to the modern era.
The modern era includes motor cars.
The narrative of Penguinia extends into a future time.
The future time includes a thriving high-tech civilization.
The thriving high-tech civilization is destroyed by a campaign of terrorist bombings.
The destruction of the thriving high-tech civilization leads to everything beginning again in an endless cycle.
The longest-running plot thread in Penguin Island satirizes the Dreyfus affair.
Brief and complex satires of European history are present throughout the novel.
Brief and complex satires of European politics are present throughout the novel.
Brief and complex satires of European philosophy are present throughout the novel.
Brief and complex satires of European theology are present throughout the novel.
Real historical figures such as Columba are part of the story.
Real historical figures such as Saint Augustine are part of the story.
Fictionalized characters represent historical people in the story.
Penguin Island is a satire on society.
Penguin Island is a satire on human nature.
Penguin Island lampoons morals.
Penguin Island lampoons customs.
Penguin Island lampoons the origin of religion.
Penguin Island lampoons laws.
The origin of private property is presented as starting with the brutal and shameless murder of a farmer.
The brutal and shameless murder of a farmer is followed by the seizure of his land.
The seizure of the farmer's land is executed by a physically larger and stronger neighbour.