First Lensman picks up more or less where Triplanetary left off.
The story follows the doings of the "First Lensman" Virgil Samms.
The Arisians know that Virgil Samms is incorruptible.
The Arisians know that Virgil Samms is a paragon of bravery and virtue.
The Arisians have chosen Virgil Samms to be the first entity to wear the "Lens of Civilization".
Virgil Samms has a dream.
Virgil Samms wants to establish the Galactic Patrol to protect civilization from the forces of evil.
Virgil Samms needs to have a reliable (unfakeable) symbol to identify the members of the Galactic Patrol.
Virgil Samms is guided by one of his trusted subordinates to Arisia.
Arisia is a previously unapproachable planet.
Virgil Samms is greeted by a benevolent and telepathic Arisian.
The benevolent and telepathic Arisian presents Virgil Samms with a "Lens".
The Lens is a device that can only be made by the Arisians.
The Lens can be worn only by the person that it is exclusively attuned to.
The Lens gives its wearer the ability to communicate telepathically with any being or animal with a mind.
The Lens gives its wearer other powers.
The Lens underlies all the remaining stories in the series.
Virgil Samms is charged with locating all "Lens worthy" individuals.
Virgil Samms is charged with directing all "Lens worthy" individuals to Arisia to have their own Lens bestowed upon them.
Once Virgil Samms has a cadre of Lensmen available to defend civilization, he uses them to begin tracing leads to the major threats to civilization.
The major threats to civilization include corrupt politicians.
The major threats to civilization include illegal drugs.
The major threats to civilization include pirates attacking merchant ships in space.
To fight the crooked politics, the Lensmen can only gather evidence and hold it until the campaign and elections.
The leads to the pirates hit a blank wall and stall for now.
Combating the drug traffickers yields the most success.
Breaking the drug smuggling turns out to be the key to getting a handle on all the other threats.
As the Lensmen trace the trade in "thionite", a mind-altering drug, they find the different leads all coming together.
All the different leads lead straight to the corrupt political machine that was then running North America.
While following the leads, the Lensmen visit alien planets.
While following the leads, the Lensmen encounter bizarre life forms.
The Lensmen attempt to recruit representative members of as many species as possible as Lensmen.
The Lensmen build a fleet uniting all the continental fleets of Tellus (Earth) into the “Grand Fleet of the Galactic Patrol”.
The Lensmen engage in a massive space battle in defense of their headquarters, “The Hill”.
The upper levels of the Patrol are starting to realize that the beings that they have been calling pirates are actually members of another civilization.
The other civilization is at least as big and as powerful as that of the Galactic Patrol.
The Lensmen have beaten off the pirate fleet attacking The Hill.
It is time to cut off the head of the dragon by defeating the corrupt political machine in the next election.
The second half of the book tells of a North American presidential election.
The North American presidential election is fought by the officers of the Triplanetary Service as 'Cosmocrats'.
The goal of the Cosmocrats is to elect Roderick Kinnison North American President.
The crooked political machine is referred to as 'Nationalist'.
The goal of the Nationalist is to keep the corrupt incumbent in office.
There is a knock down, drag out fight between the two parties.
There is another battle in space that is even bigger than the first.
All the evidence of corruption gathered and held before is released.
The Cosmocrats win the crucial election.
The continuation of the Galactic Patrol is secured.
The safety of Civilization is secured.