Sir Oliver Tressilian lives at the estate of Penarrow.
Sir Oliver Tressilian has a brother named Lionel.
Sir Oliver Tressilian is betrothed to Rosamund Godolphin.
Peter Godolphin is Rosamund Godolphin's brother.
Peter Godolphin detests the Tressilians.
Peter Godolphin detests the Tressilians due to an old feud between Peter Godolphin's father and Sir Oliver Tressilian's father.
Sir John Killigrew is Rosamund Godolphin's guardian.
Sir John Killigrew has little love for the Tressilians.
Peter Godolphin's manipulations drive Sir Oliver Tressilian into a duel with Sir John Killigrew.
The scheme backfires.
Sir John Killigrew is seriously wounded.
Peter Godolphin's hatred is further stoked by Sir John Killigrew's serious wound.
Peter Godolphin attempts to bait Sir Oliver Tressilian into a violent confrontation.
Sir Oliver Tressilian is mindful of Rosamund Godolphin's warning.
Rosamund Godolphin warns Sir Oliver Tressilian never to meet Peter Godolphin in an affair of honor.
Lionel returns home one evening.
Lionel is bloodied and exhausted.
Lionel has killed Peter Godolphin in a duel.
There were no witnesses to Peter Godolphin's death.
Oliver Tressilian is widely believed to be Peter Godolphin's killer.
Lionel does nothing to disprove the accusations against Sir Oliver Tressilian.
Lionel has Oliver Tressilian kidnapped.
Lionel sells Oliver Tressilian into slavery.
Lionel sells Oliver Tressilian to ensure that Oliver Tressilian never reveals the truth about Peter Godolphin's death.
The slave ship is en route to the New World.
The slave ship is boarded by the Spanish.
The crew of the slave ship are added to the slaves.
Oliver Tressilian toils at the oars of a Spanish galley for six months.
Oliver Tressilian befriends a Moorish slave named Yusuf-ben-Moktar.
Oliver Tressilian, Yusuf-ben-Moktar, and the other slaves are freed when the galley is boarded by Muslim corsairs.
The Muslim corsairs offer to fight for the Muslims.
Oliver Tressilian's fighting skills grant him special privileges in Muslim society.
Yusuf-ben-Moktar is the nephew of the Basha of Algiers.
The testimony of Yusuf-ben-Moktar grants Oliver Tressilian special privileges in Muslim society.
Oliver Tressilian becomes the corsair known as Sakr-el-Bahr.
Sakr-el-Bahr means "the Hawk of the Sea."
In his new role, Oliver Tressilian rescues English slaves.
Oliver Tressilian purchases English slaves himself.
Oliver Tressilian releases English slaves in Italy.
Oliver Tressilian captures a Spanish vessel.
Oliver Tressilian discovers Jasper Leigh as a slave at the oars of the Spanish vessel.
Jasper Leigh is Oliver Tressilian's one-time kidnapper.
Oliver Tressilian gives Jasper Leigh the opportunity to convert to Islam.
Oliver Tressilian gives Jasper Leigh the opportunity to join his corsairs.
With Jasper Leigh's navigational skills, Sakr-el-Bahr sets sail for England.
Sakr-el-Bahr sets sail for England to take revenge on Lionel.
Lionel has taken possession of Penarrow.
Lionel is now betrothed to Rosamund Godolphin.
Rosamund Godolphin believes that Oliver Tressilian murdered her brother.
Sakr-el-Bahr carries Lionel and Rosamund Godolphin off to Algiers.
Sakr-el-Bahr carries Lionel and Rosamund Godolphin off to be sold as slaves.
The Basha takes a fancy to Rosamund Godolphin.
The Basha plans to buy Rosamund Godolphin himself.
The Basha does not have enough ready cash to meet the high bid for Rosamund Godolphin.
Sakr-el-Bahr wins Rosamund Godolphin instead of the Basha.
The Basha threatens to take Rosamund Godolphin by force.
Sakr-el-Bahr marries Rosamund Godolphin.
Sakr-el-Bahr's marriage to Rosamund Godolphin foils the Basha's efforts.
Sakr-el-Bahr buys Lionel.
Sakr-el-Bahr tricks Lionel into revealing the truth about Peter Godolphin's death.