Sir Nigel Anstruthers comes to New York in search of an heiress.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers no longer has enough money to keep up his estate.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers' estate is Stornham Court.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers marries Rosalie Vanderpoel.
Rosalie Vanderpoel is the daughter of an American millionaire.
Nigel Anstruthers and his mother control Rosalie Vanderpoel.
Nigel Anstruthers and his mother isolate Rosalie Vanderpoel from her family.
Many years later, Rosalie Vanderpoel's sister Bettina arrives at Stornham Court.
Bettina has spent a decade wondering why Rosalie Vanderpoel has lost contact with the family.
Bettina arrives at Stornham Court to investigate.
Bettina discovers Rosalie Vanderpoel and her son Ughtred living in the ruined estate.
Rosalie Vanderpoel is physically fragile.
Rosalie Vanderpoel is emotionally fragile.
Bettina is beautiful.
Bettina is made of considerably stronger stuff than Rosalie Vanderpoel.
Bettina begins to restore Rosalie Vanderpoel's health.
Bettina begins to restore Rosalie Vanderpoel's spirits.
Bettina begins to restore the building and grounds of Stornham Court.
Bettina restores Stornham Court in Nigel Anstruthers' absence.
Bettina attracts the attention of the local gentry.
Bettina re-integrates Rosalie Vanderpoel into society.
Bettina gains the respect of the villagers.
Bettina insists that repairs be done by local workers.
Bettina makes the acquaintance of Lord Mount Dunstan.
Lord Mount Dunstan is an impoverished English nobleman.
Lord Mount Dunstan has considerably more pride than Sir Nigel Anstruthers.
Lord Mount Dunstan has considerably more spirit than Sir Nigel Anstruthers.
Lord Mount Dunstan has no intention of marrying an American heiress.
Lord Mount Dunstan has no intention of restoring his estate by marrying an American heiress.
Lord Mount Dunstan is not well-respected in the neighbourhood.
Lord Mount Dunstan is not well-respected due to his disreputable late father.
Lord Mount Dunstan is not well-respected due to his disreputable late brother.
Lord Mount Dunstan regains the respect of the neighbourhood.
Lord Mount Dunstan regains the respect of the neighbourhood due to a chance encounter with G. Seldon.
G. Seldon is an American typewriter salesman on holiday.
Lord Mount Dunstan opens his estate to workers afflicted by typhoid fever.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers returns home.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers discovers Rosalie Vanderpoel and Ughtred in improved health.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers discovers Rosalie Vanderpoel and Ughtred in improved spirits.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers discovers the estate nearly restored.
Bettina is responsible for the restoration of the estate.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers tries to conceal his ill-will.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers has never been particularly good at self-control.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers attempts to bully Bettina into leaving Rosalie Vanderpoel at Stornham Court.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers attempts to bully Bettina into leaving Rosalie Vanderpoel with more of her father's money.
Bettina hides from Sir Nigel Anstruthers.
Bettina eventually returns with Lord Mount Dunstan.
Bettina had believed Lord Mount Dunstan dead of typhus.
Lord Mount Dunstan whips Sir Nigel Anstruthers "like a dog."
Sir Nigel Anstruthers eventually suffers a fit.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers eventually dies.
Bettina and Lord Mount Dunstan overcome their pride.
Bettina and Lord Mount Dunstan confess their love for each other.