Strange lights and sounds are reported in the skies all over the world.
Blaring trumpet music is included among the strange lights and sounds.
Black flags with gold suns appear atop tall historic landmarks.
The Statue of Liberty in New York is one of the landmarks where black flags with gold suns appear.
The Great Pyramid of Giza in Egypt is one of the landmarks where black flags with gold suns appear.
The Eiffel Tower in Paris is one of the landmarks where black flags with gold suns appear.
The mysterious Robur is the specific epithet for English Oak, Quercus robur.
Robur is figuratively taken to mean "strength."
Robur is a brilliant inventor.
Robur intrudes on a meeting of a flight-enthusiast's club called the Weldon Institute.
The Weldon Institute is located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Members of the Weldon Institute are firm believers that mankind shall master the skies.
Members of the Weldon Institute believe that "lighter than air" craft will be used to master the skies.
Members of the Weldon Institute believe that "heavier than air" craft such as airplanes and helicopters would be unfeasible.
The Weldon Institute has been constructing a giant dirigible called the Go-ahead.
Members of the Weldon Institute are having a heated discussion about where to place the propeller of the Go-ahead.
Robur appears at the meeting of the Weldon Institute.
Robur is admitted to speak to the members of the Weldon Institute.
Robur chastises the members of the Weldon Institute for being balloon-boosters.
Robur states that "heavier than air" flying apparatuses are the future.
Robur states that he has made conquest of the air.
Robur accepts the title "Robur the Conqueror."
Robur incites the members of the Weldon Institute.
The members of the Weldon Institute chase Robur outside.
Robur appears to vanish into the mob.
Robur has actually been borne away by a flying machine.
Robur kidnaps the Weldon Institute's secretary.
Robur kidnaps the president of the Weldon Institute.
Robur kidnaps the president's valet.
Robur takes the kidnapped individuals on board his ship called the Albatross.
The Albatross is a huge, battery-powered, multirotor gyrodyne.
The Albatross has many vertical airscrews to provide lift.
The Albatross has two horizontal airscrews in a push-pull configuration to drive the vessel forward.
The Albatross bears the same black flag with golden sun that has been sighted on many landmarks.
The music in the sky is explained to be one of the crewmen playing a trumpet.
Robur takes his captives around the world in the course of three weeks.
The president and secretary are angry at Robur for kidnapping them.
The president and secretary are unwilling to admit that the Albatross is a fantastic vessel.
The president and secretary are unwilling to admit that their notions of "lighter than air" superiority are wrong.
The president and secretary demand that Robur release them.
Robur is aloof.
Robur always says that the president and secretary shall remain as long as he desires it.
The president and secretary fear they will be held captive forever.
The president and secretary formulate plans to escape.
The president and secretary formulate plans to destroy the Albatross.
The horizontal propellers of the Albatross are damaged in a storm.
The Albatross is anchored over the Chatham Islands for repairs.
The crew of the Albatross is busy at work.
The two Weldon Institute members light a fuse.
The two Weldon Institute members make their escape.
The two Weldon Institute members try to bring the valet with them.
The two Weldon Institute members cannot find the valet.
The two Weldon Institute members later discover that the valet had already escaped without them.
The Albatross explodes.
The wreckage of the Albatross plunges into the ocean.
Robur plunges into the ocean with the wreckage of the Albatross.
Robur's crew plunges into the ocean with the wreckage of the Albatross.
The three escapees are safe on a small but inhabited island.
The three escapees are later rescued by a ship.
The three escapees make a long journey back to Philadelphia.
The Weldon Institute members return to Philadelphia.
The Weldon Institute members do not describe their adventures.
The Weldon Institute members do not admit that Robur created a flying machine greater than their expectations of the Go-ahead.
The Weldon Institute members conclude the argument they were having during their last meeting.
The Weldon Institute members decide to have one propeller in front and another behind for their dirigible.
The Go-ahead is completed seven months after the Weldon Institute members return.
The Go-ahead is making its maiden voyage with the president, secretary, and an aeronaut.
The speed and maneuverability of the Go-ahead marvel a huge crowd.
The speed and maneuverability of the Go-ahead are trivial compared to Robur's Albatross.
The Albatross appears suddenly out of the sky.
When the Albatross exploded, enough of it was intact so that at least some of the propellers operated.
The propellers of the Albatross slowed its descent.
The crew of the Albatross used the remains of the Albatross as a raft.
The crew of the Albatross was rescued by a ship.
Robur made it back to his secret X Island.
The original Albatross was built on X Island.
Robur has built a new Albatross.
Robur intends to exact revenge by showing that the new Albatross is superior to the Weldon Institute's Go-ahead.
The Albatross begins circling the Go-ahead.
The Go-ahead drops ballast.
The Go-ahead rises to fourteen thousand feet.
The Albatross follows the Go-ahead.
The Albatross is a circling menace.
The Go-ahead is at the mercy of the Albatross.
The Albatross is both faster and more maneuverable than the Go-ahead.
The Go-ahead exceeds her pressure height.
The gas bags of the Go-ahead rupture.
The Go-ahead loses her buoyancy gas.
The Go-ahead drops out of the sky like a rapidly descending kite.
The Albatross stays alongside the Go-ahead as she falls.
The crew of the Albatross signals the pilot and passengers of the Go-ahead to come on board the Albatross.
The pilot and passengers of the Go-ahead refuse to come on board the Albatross.
The crew of the Albatross seizes the pilot and passengers of the Go-ahead.
The crew of the Albatross brings the pilot and passengers of the Go-ahead aboard.
Robur demonstrates his rule over the skies.
Robur returns the three men to the ground.
Robur gives a short speech.
Robur says that nations are not yet fit for union.
Robur cautions the crowd that it is evolution, not revolution, that they should be seeking.
Robur leaves with the promise that he will one day return to reveal his secrets of flight.
The people of Philadelphia subject Prudent and Evans to unrelenting ridicule for the rest of their lives.