The residents of Linnville pride themselves on the lack of tourism.
The residents of Linnville pride themselves on the absence of a summer hotel.
The Liscom family never had boarders before accepting the Jamesons.
The Jamesons came to Linnville in search of a place to stay.
The arrival of the Jamesons caused a great commotion.
Cobb Jameson saw smoke inside his new temporary residence.
Cobb Jameson ran outside and yelled “Fire!”
Word quickly traveled down the street.
A crowd formed outside the Liscom house.
Firemen drenched the entire Liscom house.
Mrs. Caroline Liscom was furious that her house was soaked with water.
The smoke inside the Liscom house was only caused by the chimney.
Mrs. Caroline Liscom was rude to her new boarders.
Mrs. Jameson tried to find a new place to live in response to Mrs. Caroline Liscom's rudeness.
Mrs. Jameson had no luck finding a new place to live.
Both families were forced to live under the same roof for the next several weeks.
The Jamesons consisted of a mother, a father, two daughters, one son, and a grandmother.
Mrs. Jameson quickly gave her family a bad reputation at a Linnville annual picnic.
Mrs. Jameson made an announcement to the village that their unhealthy foods were “poison.”
Mrs. Jameson insulted the residents of Linnville.
Mrs. Jameson claimed that their rich pies and cakes caused insanity and dyspepsia in people of their social class.
Mrs. Jameson suggested that the residents of Linnville should only eat the health foods she consumes.
The people of Linnville responded as politely as possible to Mrs. Jameson's insults.
The people of Linnville continued on with the picnic as though nothing happened.
Mrs. Jameson insulted the women of the village at their next meeting.
The meeting was the Ladies' Sewing Circle.
The women became aware that Mrs. Jameson was trying to improve them.
Mrs. Jameson interrupted the meeting to “improve their minds and enlarge their spheres.”
Mrs. Jameson read passages from Robert Browning at the Ladies' Sewing Circle meeting.
The women were not entertained by Mrs. Jameson's reading.
The women were respectful when Mrs. Jameson finished lecturing them.
Several weeks later, the Jamesons returned to the city for the winter.
The next chapter began their second summer in Linnville.
The Jamesons purchased their own home and farm to run for their second summer.
Mrs. Jameson was clueless about how a farm should be run.
Mrs. Jameson was the victim of some tricks when purchasing animals for the barn.
Mrs. Jameson made some changes herself to the farm.
Mrs. Jameson tried to impose her changes on the community.
Mrs. Jameson stopped wearing the fancy city clothes she had worn in the past.
Mrs. Jameson began wearing what she thought was most practical for a country person to wear.
Mrs. Jameson insulted and instructed the other women to adopt her style.
Some women followed Mrs. Jameson’s style.
Many women did not follow Mrs. Jameson’s style.
Mrs. Jameson made bold statements against the traditions of Linnville.
Mrs. Jameson painted her house red with dark shutters.
Every other house in Linnville was white with green shutters.
Mrs. Jameson decided that the town would look better if the houses had ivy growing on them.
Mrs. Jameson planted ivy around everyone's homes without their permission.
The ivy that Mrs. Jameson planted was poison ivy.
Mrs. Jameson had to go back to the houses and remove the poison ivy.
Mrs. Jameson tried to change the interiors of people's homes.
Mrs. Jameson tried to get rid of framed-coffin plates of deceased loved ones in the parlors.
Framed-coffin plates of deceased loved ones were a common décor in the homes of Linnville.
With every act against the norms of Linnville, Mrs. Jameson got more enemies.
Mrs. Jameson was distracted with trying to “improve” Linnville.
Mrs. Jameson did not notice that one of her daughters was in a clandestine relationship with the Liscom boy.
Mrs. Jameson did not approve of the Liscom boy due to his family's inferior social standing.
The young lovers were eventually caught.
Both of their mothers were furious when the young lovers were caught.
Mrs. Liscom did not approve of Harriett Jameson because she was not trained in housekeeping.
An expected turn of events led Mrs. Liscom to adore Harriett Jameson.
Harriett Jameson and the Liscom boy got married at the end of the novel.
Mrs. Jameson organized a Centennial party for the town's 100th birthday.
Mrs. Jameson collected the oldest furniture from houses around the town.
Mrs. Jameson decorated the oldest house in town with the oldest furniture.
Mrs. Jameson invited celebrities with connections to Linnville.
Mrs. Jameson organized a parade for the Centennial party.
Mrs. Jameson set up a dinner with speeches from honorable people for the Centennial party.
The event for the Centennial party went well.
Many people had a newfound respect for Mrs. Jameson after the event.
Harriett's dress caught on fire towards the end of the celebration.
Mrs. Liscom saved Harriett from the fire.
Mrs. Liscom and Harriett became very close to each other after the fire.
Harriett did not suffer from any severe wounds.
Harriett took housekeeping lessons from Mrs. Liscom until the wedding.
Mrs. Jameson accepted Harry Liscom as her son-in-law.
People learned to love the Jameson family collectively by the end of the story.
People were happy that the Jameson family came to town despite the drama they brought along with them.