The Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow are regaling each other with tales at the Woodman's palace in the Winkie Country.
A Gillikin boy named Woot wanders into the Woodman's palace.
Woot is fed and rested.
Woot asks the Tin Woodman how the Tin Woodman came to be made of tin.
The Tin Woodman relates how the Wicked Witch of the East enchanted his axe.
The enchanted axe caused the Tin Woodman to chop his body parts off limb by limb.
The Tin Woodman chopped his body parts off because he was in love with Nimmie Amee.
Each chopped limb was replaced by the tinsmith Ku-Klip with a counterpart made of tin.
No one can die in Oz, even when the parts of their body are separated from each other.
Without a heart, the Tin Woodman felt he could no longer love Nimmie Amee.
The Tin Woodman left Nimmie Amee.
Dorothy and the Scarecrow found the Tin Woodman after he had rusted in the forest.
Dorothy and the Scarecrow went with the Tin Woodman to the Emerald City.
The Wizard gave the Tin Woodman a heart.
Woot suggests that the heart may have made the Tin Woodman kind.
Woot suggests that the heart did not make the Tin Woodman loving.
If the Tin Woodman had been loving, he would have returned to Nimmie Amee.
Woot's suggestion shames the Tin Woodman.
Woot's suggestion inspires the Tin Woodman to journey to the Munchkin Country to find Nimmie Amee.
The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Woot journey into the Gillikin Country.
The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Woot encounter the inflatable Loons of Loonville.
The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Woot escape the inflatable Loons of Loonville by popping several of them.
The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Woot descend into Yoop Valley.
The giantess Mrs. Yoop dwells in Yoop Valley.
Mrs. Yoop transforms the travelers into animals for her amusement.
Mrs. Yoop has already transformed Polychrome, the Rainbow's Daughter, into an animal.
Woot steals a magic apron that opens doors and barriers at the wearer's request.
The magic apron enables the four to escape.
Woot, as a green monkey, narrowly avoids becoming a jaguar's meal.
Woot narrowly avoids becoming a jaguar's meal by descending further into a den of subterranean dragons.
After escaping that ordeal, Woot, the Tin Woodman as a tin owl, the Scarecrow as a straw-stuffed bear, and Polychrome as a canary turn south into the Munchkin Country.
The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, Woot, and Polychrome arrive at the farm of Jinjur.
Jinjur renews her acquaintance with the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, Woot, and Polychrome.
Jinjur sends to the Emerald City for help.
Dorothy and Ozma arrive.
Ozma easily restores the Scarecrow to his rightful form.
Ozma easily restores the Tin Woodman to his rightful form.
Polychrome takes several steps to restore herself to her true form.
Ozma discovers that the Green Monkey into which Woot is transformed has to be someone's form.
The Green Monkey cannot be destroyed.
Polychrome suggests that Mrs. Yoop the giantess be made into the Green Monkey as a punishment for wickedness.
Ozma succeeds in restoring Woot to his proper form.
The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, Woot, and Polychrome resume their quest.
The Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, Woot, and Polychrome come upon the spot where the Tin Woodman had rusted.
The Tin Woodman and his companions find another tin man there.
The other tin man identifies himself as Captain Fy-ter.
Captain Fy-ter is a soldier who courted Nimmie Amee after the Tin Woodman had left her.
The Wicked Witch of the East made Fy-ter's sword do what the Woodman's axe had done.
The Wicked Witch of the East's magic caused Fy-ter to cut off his limbs.
Ku-Klip replaced Fy-ter's limbs with tin limbs.
Captain Fy-ter does not have a heart.
Captain Fy-ter does not mind not having a heart.
Captain Fy-ter can rust.
Captain Fy-ter rusts one day during a rainstorm.
Both woodmen now seek the heart of Nimmie Amee.
The woodmen agree to let Nimmie Amee choose between them.
The five come to the dwelling of the tinsmith Ku-Klip.
The Tin Woodman talks to himself.
The Tin Woodman talks to the head of the man (Nick Chopper) he once was.
The Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier find a barrel of assorted body parts.
The assorted body parts once belonged to each of them.
Some body parts, like Captain Fy-ter's head, are conspicuously missing.
Ku-Klip reveals that he used Fy-ter's head to create his assistant Chopfyt.
Ku-Klip used many body parts from each of them to create his assistant Chopfyt.
Chopfyt complained about missing an arm.
Ku-Klip made Chopfyt a tin arm.
Chopfyt departed for the east.
The companions leave Ku-Klip.
The companions continue east to find Nimmie Amee.
The companions find themselves crossing the Invisible Country.
A massive Hip-po-gy-raf helps the companions across the Invisible Country.
The Hip-po-gy-raf helps the companions across in return for the Scarecrow's straw.
The Scarecrow reluctantly gives the Hip-po-gy-raf his straw.
The Scarecrow consents to being stuffed with available hay.
The stuffing makes the Scarecrow's movements awkward.
The companions rest for the night at the house of Professor and Mrs. Swynne.
Professor and Mrs. Swynne are pigs.
Professor and Mrs. Swynne have nine children.
The nine children live in the Emerald City under the care of the Wizard.
The companions leave the Swynnes.
The companions arrive at the foot of Mount Munch.
Mount Munch is on the eastern border of the Munchkin Country.
At the summit of Mount Munch is a cottage.
A rabbit tells the companions that Nimmie Amee now lives happily.
The Tin Woodman and Tin Soldier knock on the door of the cottage.
Nimmie Amee admits the Tin Woodman and Tin Soldier.
Nimmie Amee is now married to Chopfyt.
Nimmie Amee refuses to leave her domestic life.
Nimmie Amee refuses to become Empress of the Winkies.
Nimmie Amee would become Empress of the Winkies as the Tin Woodman's wife.
Nimmie Amee says, "All I ask is to be left alone and not be disturbed by visitors."
The four return to the Emerald City.
The four relate their adventures.
Woot is allowed free rein to roam where he pleases.
Captain Fy-ter is dispatched by Ozma to guard duty in the Gillikin Country.
The Tin Woodman and Scarecrow return to the Tin Woodman's palace in the Winkie Country.
The story began at the Tin Woodman's palace in the Winkie Country.