Maurice is a Consul at Genes. Genes is a Mediterranean town. Maurice is married to Onorina. Onorina is the daughter of the only wealthy man in Genes. Maurice was originally extremely reluctant to get married. Maurice is having a dinner party with guests from Paris. Maurice recounts some of his history during the dinner party. Maurice became secretary to Count Octave when he was young. Count Octave was very good to Maurice. Count Octave seemed very sad and mysterious. Count Octave appeared to be hiding some past misfortune. Maurice discovers that Count Octave had been married. Count Octave's wife left him. Count Octave's wife is Honorine. Honorine was brought up with Count Octave from a very early age. Honorine had been adopted by Count Octave's parents. Count Octave and Honorine were devoted to each other. Count Octave and Honorine became married almost as a matter of course. Honorine disappeared after a few months of marriage. Count Octave discovered that Honorine had gone off with an adventurer. The adventurer abandoned Honorine while she was pregnant. Honorine had a child. Honorine lived full of remorse. Honorine resisted all attempts by Count Octave to get in touch with her. Count Octave is still devoted to Honorine. Count Octave secretly helps Honorine in her business of flower arranging. Honorine refuses to have anything to do with Count Octave. Count Octave gets Maurice to act as a go-between. Maurice arranges for Count Octave to occupy the house next to Honorine. Count Octave poses as a misogynistic flower breeder. Maurice eventually makes contact with Honorine. Maurice indirectly puts Count Octave's case to Honorine. Honorine is still too overcome with remorse and shame. Honorine eventually agrees to see Count Octave. Honorine goes back to live with Count Octave. Maurice has to leave Count Octave's company because of the part he played. Maurice became consul as a result of leaving Count Octave's company. Two years after leaving Count Octave's company, Maurice hears of Honorine's death. Soon after Honorine's death, Count Octave visits Maurice. Count Octave had grown old before his time. Count Octave died shortly after departing from Maurice. The story includes discussions about the meaning of relationships. Maurice acts as an interpreter for Count Octave and Honorine. There is an implication that Maurice had fallen in love with Honorine. Maurice avoided marriage initially because of his feelings for Honorine.