The Wonderful Visit tells how an angel spends a little more than a week in southern England.
The angel is at first mistaken for a bird because of his dazzling polychromatic plumage.
The angel is neither the Angel of religious feeling nor the Angel of popular belief.
The angel is the Angel of Italian art.
The angel is hunted and shot in the wing by an amateur ornithologist.
The amateur ornithologist is the Rev. K. Hilyer.
The Rev. K. Hilyer is the vicar of Siddermoton.
The angel is taken in and cared for at the vicarage.
The angel comes from the Land of Dreams.
The Land of Dreams is the angel's term for our world.
The angel is charmfully affable.
The angel is quite ignorant of the most elementary facts of civilisation.
During his brief visit, the angel grows increasingly dismayed by what he learns about the world in general.
During his brief visit, the angel grows increasingly dismayed by what he learns about life in Victorian England in particular.
The angel grows increasingly critical of local mores.
The angel is eventually denounced as a Socialist.
The vicar comes under attack by fellow clerics.
The vicar comes under attack by neighbours.
The vicar comes under attack by servants.
No one but the vicar believes the angel comes from another world.
People take to calling the angel "Mr. Angel."
The angel's one talent is his divine violin-playing.
The angel is discredited at a reception hosted by Lady Hammergallow.
It is discovered that the angel cannot read music.
The angel confides to a sympathetic listener that he has taken an interest in the vicar's serving girl, Delia.
The angel's wings begin to atrophy instead of healing.
The local physician is Dr. Crump.
Dr. Crump threatens to have the angel put in a prison.
Dr. Crump threatens to have the angel put in a madhouse.
The angel destroys some barbed wire on a local baronet's property.
The local baronet is Sir John Gotch.
Sir John Gotch gives the vicar one week to send the angel away.
Sir John Gotch will begin proceedings against the vicar if the angel is not sent away.
The Rev. Mr. Hilyer is regretfully planning how he will take the angel to London.
The Rev. Mr. Hilyer is planning to try to establish the angel in London.
Two catastrophes abort the Rev. Mr. Hilyer's plan.
The angel had been breathing the poisonous air of the Struggle for Existence for more than a week.
The angel beats Sir John Gotch with Gotch's own whip in a fury.
The local landowner is Sir John Gotch.
Sir John Gotch insolently orders the angel off his land.
The angel returns to the village to find the vicar's house in flames.
Delia, the serving girl, has entered the burning building.
Delia has entered the burning building in an attempt to rescue the angel's violin.
Delia's extraordinary act comes as a revelation to the angel.
The angel sees the grim little world of battle and cruelty transfigured in a splendour that outshone the Angelic Land.
The angel sees the world suffused suddenly and insupportably glorious with the wonderful light of Love and Self-Sacrifice.
The angel attempts to rescue Delia.
Someone seems to see two figures with wings flash up and vanish among the flames.
A strange music begins and ends like the opening and shutting of a door.
The strange music suggests that the angel has gone back to where he came from.
The angel is accompanied by Delia when he goes back to where he came from.
An epilogue reveals that there is nothing beneath the two white crosses in Siddermorton cemetery.
The two white crosses in Siddermorton cemetery bear the names of Thomas Angel and Delia Hardy.
The vicar never recovered his aplomb after the angel's departure.
The vicar died within a year of the fire.