The setting is the fictional Missouri frontier town of Dawson's Landing.
Dawson's Landing is located on the banks of the Mississippi River.
Dawson's Landing is set in the first half of the 19th century.
David Wilson is a young lawyer.
David Wilson moves to Dawson's Landing.
A clever remark of David Wilson is misunderstood.
Locals brand David Wilson a "pudd'nhead."
Locals consider David Wilson a nitwit.
David Wilson's hobby is collecting fingerprints.
David Wilson's hobby does not raise his standing in the townsfolk's eyes.
Townsfolk see David Wilson as an eccentric.
Townsfolk do not frequent David Wilson's law practice.
The focus of the narrative shifts to the slave Roxy.
Roxy has a son named Valet de Chambre.
Valet de Chambre is referred to as "Chambers."
Roxy is only one-sixteenth black.
Valet de Chambre is only 1/32 black.
Roxy is principally charged with caring for her master's infant son Tom Driscoll.
Tom Driscoll is the same age as Roxy's son Valet de Chambre.
Roxy fears for her life.
Roxy fears for the life of her son Valet de Chambre.
Roxy decides to kill herself and Valet de Chambre.
Roxy decides instead to switch Valet de Chambre and Tom Driscoll in their cribs.
Roxy wants her son Valet de Chambre to live a life of privilege.
The narrative moves forward two decades.
Tom Driscoll believes himself to be wholly white.
Tom Driscoll is raised as a spoiled aristocrat.
Tom Driscoll has grown to be a selfish young man.
Tom Driscoll has grown to be a dissolute young man.
Tom Driscoll's father has died.
Tom Driscoll's father granted Roxy her freedom.
Roxy worked for a time on river boats.
Roxy saved money for her retirement.
Roxy discovers that her bank has failed.
All of Roxy's savings are gone.
Roxy returns to Dawson's Landing.
Roxy asks Tom Driscoll for money.
Tom Driscoll meets Roxy with derision.
Roxy tells Tom Driscoll that he is her son.
Roxy uses the fact that Tom Driscoll is her son to blackmail him.
Roxy blackmails Tom Driscoll into financially supporting her.
Twin Italian noblemen visit Dawson's Landing.
The visit of the twin Italian noblemen is met with fanfare.
Tom Driscoll quarrels with one of the twin Italian noblemen.
Tom Driscoll is desperate for money.
Tom Driscoll robs his wealthy uncle.
Tom Driscoll murders his wealthy uncle.
The blame for the murder falls wrongly on one of the Italians.
The story takes on the form of a crime novel.
In a courtroom scene, Wilson demonstrates through fingerprints that Tom Driscoll is the murderer.
Wilson demonstrates through fingerprints that Tom Driscoll is not the real Driscoll heir.
The book ends in bitter irony.
The real Tom Driscoll is restored to his rights.
The life of the real Tom Driscoll changes for the worse.
The real Tom Driscoll feels intense unease in white society.
The real Tom Driscoll is forever excluded from the company of blacks.
The murdered man's creditors successfully petition the governor.
The governor has Tom Driscoll's death sentence overturned.
Tom Driscoll is shown to be black.
Tom Driscoll is a slave.
Tom Driscoll is rightfully the property of the creditors.
The sale of Tom Driscoll "down the river" helps the creditors recoup their losses.