The Soul of a Bishop tells the story of a spiritual crisis.
Edward Scrope is the Lord Bishop of Princhester.
Edward Scrope gives up his diocese in England's industrial heartland.
Edward Scrope leaves the Anglican Church.
Edward Scrope is troubled during World War I by doctrinal doubts.
Edward Scrope feels a sense of the irrelevance of his Anglicism.
Edward Scrope experiences nervousness.
Edward Scrope suffers from insomnia.
A crisis is precipitated by a visit to a wealthy parishioner's home.
Edward Scrope meets an extremely wealthy American widow named Lady Sunderbund.
Edward Scrope speaks to Lady Sunderbund for the first time about his religious discontent.
Edward Scrope takes a drug.
The drug does not mitigate Edward Scrope's symptoms.
The drug gives Edward Scrope a new and more vivid apprehension of things.
Edward Scrope experiences a mystical vision of "the Angel of God."
Edward Scrope experiences a vision of God in the North Library of the Athenaeum Club, London.
Edward Scrope emerges from the experience convinced that he must leave the Church.
Bishop Likeman is an old mentor of Edward Scrope.
Bishop Likeman persuades Edward Scrope to wait three months before doing anything.
During the three months, Edward Scrope continues in his episcopal duties.
Bishop Scrope keeps these developments from his wife, Lady Ella.
Bishop Scrope keeps these developments from his four daughters.
Lady Sunderbund arrives unannounced in Princhester.
Lady Sunderbund vows to become Edward Scrope's spiritual pupil.
The strain of the new situation leads Edward Scrope to take Dr. Dale's drug a second time.
Under the influence of the drug, Edward Scrope has a second vision.
The second vision is of the terrestrial globe in a state of spiritual ferment.
The world's clergy is not ministering to the state of spiritual ferment.
Edward Scrope delivers a heretical confirmation address in the cathedral.
Edward Scrope resolves to leave the Church thereafter.
Lady Sunderbund wishes to devote her riches to helping Edward Scrope found a new church.
Edward Scrope realizes in a third vision that this time is not mediated by any drug.
In the new religion, Edward Scrope must serve without any idea of any pulpit.
In the new religion, Edward Scrope must serve without any sustained mission.
Edward Scrope realizes in a final epiphany that his refusal to trust his family to God has been holding him back.
Edward Scrope realizes that his distrust has been the flaw in the faith of all religious systems hitherto.
Scrope's spiritual crisis is resolved five years after it began.