Jakob Beer is a 7 year old child of a Jewish family living in Poland.
Jakob Beer's house is stormed by Nazis.
Jakob Beer escapes the fate of his parents.
Jakob Beer escapes the fate of his sister, Bella.
Jakob Beer hides behind the wallpaper in a cabinet.
Jakob Beer hides in the forest.
Jakob Beer buries himself up to the neck in soil.
Jakob Beer runs into an archaeologist named Athos Roussos.
Athos Roussos is working on Biskupin.
Athos Roussos secretly takes Jakob Beer to Zakynthos in Greece.
Athos Roussos is also a geologist.
Athos Roussos is fascinated with ancient wood and stones.
Jakob Beer learns Greek.
Jakob Beer learns English.
Learning new languages erases Jakob Beer's memory of the past.
After the war, Athos Roussos and Jakob Beer move to Toronto.
After several years, Jakob Beer meets Alexandra in a music library.
Alexandra is a fast-paced, outspokenly philosophical master of wordplay.
Jakob Beer and Alexandra fall in love.
Jakob Beer and Alexandra marry.
The relationship between Jakob Beer and Alexandra fails.
Alexandra expects Jakob Beer to change too fast.
Alexandra expects Jakob Beer to abandon his past.
Jakob Beer dwells constantly on his memories of Bella.
Jakob Beer especially remembers Bella's piano-playing.
Jakob Beer and Alexandra end up divorcing.
Jakob Beer meets and marries Michaela.
Michaela is a much younger woman.
Michaela seems to understand Jakob Beer.
With Michaela's help, Jakob Beer is able to let go of Bella.
Jakob Beer and Michaela move to Greece.
Jakob Beer and Michaela move into the former home of several generations of the Roussos family.
The second part of the book is told from the perspective of Ben.
Ben is a Canadian professor of Jewish descent.
Ben was born in Canada to survivors of the Holocaust.
In 1954, the family home in Weston, Ontario is destroyed by Hurricane Hazel.
Ben becomes an expert on the history of weather.
Ben marries a girl named Naomi.
Ben is a big admirer of Jakob Beer's poetry.
Ben respects the way Jakob Beer deals with the Holocaust.
Ben has trouble coping with the horrors his parents must have endured.
At the end of the novel, Ben is sent to retrieve Jakob Beer's journals from his home in Greece.
Ben spends hours swimming in Jakob Beer's past.