Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin is a low-ranking civil servant.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin is a titular counsellor.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin is constantly belittled and criticized for underachieving.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin yearns to be noticed by a beautiful woman.
The beautiful woman is Sophie.
Sophie is the daughter of Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's boss.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin has fallen in love with Sophie.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin feels love for Sophie.
Sophie is effectively unaware of Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's diary records his gradual slide into insanity.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's madness deepens.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin begins to understand the conversations of two dogs.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin believes he has discovered letters sent between two dogs.
The style of the letters convinces Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin of the letters' authenticity.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin terms the style of the letters as "dogginess" and "canine nature."
The letters provide Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin with a much more in-depth view of Sophie’s life.
The letters include information about Sophie’s engagement to another man.
In “The Year 2000, 43rd of April”, it is made clear that Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin has gone mad.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin has lost the ability to distinguish a true sense of time.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin begins to believe himself to be the heir to the throne of Spain.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin decides to make a Spanish royal uniform.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin believes the common people will recognize him in a Spanish royal uniform.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin believes he is in Spain.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin is waiting for the Spanish deputies to arrive.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin decides that he is in fact in China.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's trip to China is an appearance of his imagination.
Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's imagination has been translated from being maltreated in an insane asylum.