The unnamed narrator arrives at the house of Roderick Usher.
The unnamed narrator receives a letter from Roderick Usher.
Roderick Usher complains of an illness in the letter.
Roderick Usher asks for help in the letter.
A thin crack extends from the roof of the building.
The thin crack extends down the front of the building.
The thin crack extends into the adjacent lake.
Roderick Usher's condition can be described according to modern psychological science terminology.
Roderick Usher experiences sensory overload known as hyperesthesia.
Hyperesthesia is hypersensitivity to textures, light, sounds, smells, and tastes.
Roderick Usher experiences hypochondria.
Hypochondria is an excessive preoccupation or worry about having a serious illness.
Roderick Usher experiences acute anxiety.
Roderick Usher has a twin sister named Madeline.
Madeline is also ill.
Madeline falls into cataleptic, deathlike trances.
The unnamed narrator is impressed with Roderick Usher's paintings.
The unnamed narrator attempts to cheer Roderick Usher by reading with him.
The unnamed narrator listens to Roderick Usher's improvised musical compositions on the guitar.
Roderick Usher sings "The Haunted Palace."
Roderick Usher believes the house he lives in is alive.
Roderick Usher believes the sentience of the house arises from the arrangement of the masonry.
Roderick Usher believes the sentience of the house arises from the vegetation surrounding it.
Roderick Usher informs the unnamed narrator that Madeline has died.
Roderick Usher insists that Madeline be entombed for two weeks.
The family tomb is located in the house.
The unnamed narrator helps Roderick Usher put Madeline's body in the tomb.
The unnamed narrator notes that Madeline has rosy cheeks.
Rosy cheeks can be seen on some individuals after death.
Roderick Usher and the unnamed narrator inter Madeline.
Roderick Usher and the unnamed narrator become increasingly agitated for no apparent reason.
A storm begins.
Roderick Usher comes to the unnamed narrator's bedroom.
The unnamed narrator's bedroom is situated directly above the vault.
Roderick Usher throws open the window to the storm.
Roderick Usher notices that the tarn surrounding the house seems to glow in the dark.
The tarn glows in the dark as it glowed in Roderick Usher's paintings.
There is no lightning during the storm.
The unnamed narrator attempts to calm Roderick Usher by reading aloud The Mad Tryst.
The Mad Tryst is a novel involving a knight named Ethelred.
Ethelred breaks into a hermit's dwelling to escape an approaching storm.
Ethelred finds a palace of gold guarded by a dragon.
Ethelred finds a shield of shining brass hanging on the wall.
A legend is written on the shield of shining brass.
The legend states that a conqueror hath bin who entereth herein.
The legend states that who slayeth the dragon shall win the shield.
Ethelred kills the dragon with a stroke of his mace.
The dragon dies with a piercing shriek.
Ethelred proceeds to take the shield.
The shield falls to the floor with an unnerving clatter.
As the unnamed narrator reads of Ethelred's forcible entry, cracking and ripping sounds are heard somewhere in the house.
A shriek is heard within the house when the dragon is described as shrieking as it dies.
A reverberation, metallic and hollow, can be heard when the shield falls from the wall.
Roderick Usher becomes increasingly hysterical.
Roderick Usher exclaims that the sounds are being made by Madeline.
Roderick Usher claims that Madeline was alive when she was entombed.
Roderick Usher somehow knew that Madeline was alive.
The bedroom door is blown open to reveal Madeline standing there.
Madeline falls on Roderick Usher.
Roderick Usher and Madeline land on the floor as corpses.
The unnamed narrator flees the house.
The unnamed narrator notices a flash of moonlight behind him.
The flash of moonlight causes the unnamed narrator to turn back.
The unnamed narrator sees the moon shining through the suddenly widened crack.
The House of Usher splits in two.
The fragments of the House of Usher sink into the tarn.