The 82nd Boat Race took place on 12 April 1930.
The Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
The Boat Race takes place along the River Thames.
The race was umpired by Charles Burnell.
Cambridge won the race by two lengths.
Cambridge completed the race in a time of 19 minutes 9 seconds.
Cambridge's victory was their seventh consecutive victory.
Cambridge's victory brought the overall record to 41 victories for Cambridge and 40 victories for Oxford.
It was the first time in 68 years that Cambridge held the lead in the overall record.
The Boat Race is held annually.
The Boat Race was first held in 1829.
Since 1845, the Boat Race has taken place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course.
The Championship Course is located on the River Thames in southwest London.
The rivalry between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge is a major point of honour.
The Boat Race is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
As of 2014, the Boat Race is broadcast worldwide.
Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions.
Cambridge won the 1929 race by ten lengths.
The overall record was tied on 40 victories each before the 1930 race.
The "dead heat" of 1877 is excluded from the overall record.
Cambridge was coached by Francis Escombe.
Cambridge was coached by J. C. Holcroft.
Cambridge was coached by J. A. MacNabb.
J. A. MacNabb had rowed in the 1924 race.
Cambridge was coached by P. H. Thomas.
P. H. Thomas was a four-time Blue between 1902 and 1905.
Oxford's coaches included Stanley Garton.
Stanley Garton had rowed three times between 1909 and 1911.
Oxford's coaches included P. C. Mallam.
P. C. Mallam was a Dark Blue from 1921 to 1924 inclusive.
Oxford's coaches included Arthur Wiggins.
Arthur Wiggins had rowed for Oxford in the 1912, 1913, and 1914 races.
Charles Burnell was the umpire for the fourth consecutive year.
Charles Burnell had rowed for Oxford in the 1895, 1896, 1897, and 1898 races.
Charles Kent was the finishing judge for the third consecutive year.
Charles Kent had rowed for Oxford in the 1891 race.
The rowing correspondent for The Times stated that the Cambridge Trial Eights were not comparable with those of the past four years.
The rowing correspondent for The Times stated that Oxford had better Trial Eights than for many years past.
Oxford broke the record to the Mile Post by four seconds during practice rows.
Cambridge was considered slightly the faster crew.
Oxford was coming on as a crew.
Both crews rowed in boats built by Sims brothers of Putney.
Both crews used Aylings oars.
The Cambridge crew weighed an average of 12 st 8 lb (79.6 kg).
The average weight of the Cambridge crew was 1.5 pounds (0.7 kg) per rower more than the average weight of the Oxford crew.
Oxford saw two rowers return for the 1930 race.
Hugh Edwards was one of the returning rowers for Oxford.
D. E. Tinne was one of the returning rowers for Oxford.
Cambridge's boat contained three participants with Boat Race experience.
Michael Warriner was an Olympic gold medallist.
Michael Warriner was a participant in the Cambridge crew.
J. B. Collins was a participant in the Cambridge crew.
J. B. Collins was making his third consecutive appearance in the Boat Race.
Robert Egerton Swartwout was registered as a non-British participant in the race.
Robert Egerton Swartwout was the American cox for Cambridge.
Oxford won the toss before the race.
Oxford elected to start from the Surrey station.
Cambridge was handed the Middlesex side of the river.
The umpire Charles Burnell started the race at 12:30 p.m.
The Light Blues made a smoother start than Oxford.
Oxford held a one-third length lead after one minute.
Oxford extended their lead to two-thirds of a length by Craven Steps.
The bend in the river favoured Cambridge.
Cambridge halved Oxford's lead by the Mile Post.
The Dark Blues led by the length of a canvas by the Mile Post.
Oxford's stroke Martineau responded to a push from Cambridge.
Oxford was nearly a length ahead as both crews passed the Harrods Furniture Depository.
A spurt from the Light Blues reduced Oxford's lead to one-third of a length by Hammersmith Bridge.
Oxford reduced their stroke rate to cope with rough water.
Oxford increased their lead to three-quarters of a length by Chiswick Eyot.
Oxford's lead was back to a half-length by Chiswick Steps.
Cambridge coped better in the conditions than Oxford.
Cambridge closed the gap along Duke's Meadows.
The crews raced stroke for stroke along Duke's Meadows.
The Light Blues took the lead along Duke's Meadows.
The crews passed below Barnes Bridge with Cambridge holding a length's advantage.
Cambridge out-rated their opponents.
Oxford kept rowing to the end of the race.
Cambridge's victory was the eleventh in the previous twelve years.
The winning time of 19 minutes 9 seconds was the fastest since the 1924 race.
The winning time of 19 minutes 9 seconds was the fifth-fastest time in the history of the event.
The rowing correspondent for The Times suggested that the year 1930 was one of the exceptional years for the Boat Race.
The vast crowds who swarm on the towpath are more than rewarded for the years of waiting.
Cambridge men will rejoice to see courage and skill animating a losing crew.
During the course of the race, a spectator boat became waterlogged.
Eight people were taken to hospital due to the waterlogged spectator boat.