"Invasion of the Bane" is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures.
"Invasion of the Bane" was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007.
The series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written.
"Invasion of the Bane" is not a pilot.
"Invasion of the Bane" is a bank holiday special.
"Invasion of the Bane" serves the introductory functions of a pilot.
The episode focuses upon a thirteen-year-old girl named Maria Jackson discovering the existence of aliens.
Maria Jackson discovers that the Bane, creators of a soft drink called Bubble Shock!, harbor a destructive secret.
Maria Jackson teams up with investigative journalist Sarah Jane Smith to prevent the Bane's plans.
Maria Jackson is thirteen years old.
Maria Jackson's father is named Alan.
Alan is recently divorced.
Maria Jackson and Alan move into a house opposite Sarah Jane Smith's house.
Maria Jackson is woken by an ethereal light emanating from Sarah Jane Smith's house.
Maria Jackson discovers Sarah Jane Smith conversing with a star poet, or arcateenian.
Kelsey Hooper visits Maria Jackson the next morning.
Kelsey Hooper invites Maria Jackson into town.
Kelsey Hooper uses the free "Bubble Shock!" bus to travel into town.
Kelsey Hooper and Maria Jackson tour the Bubble Shock! factory.
The factory has a security scanner that collects DNA.
The DNA is transferred to an "Archetype" under the supervision of the factory's owner, Mrs. Wormwood.
Sarah Jane Smith overhears Maria Jackson and Kelsey Hooper making plans.
Sarah Jane Smith follows Maria Jackson and Kelsey Hooper to the factory.
Sarah Jane Smith interviews Mrs. Wormwood.
Sarah Jane Smith asks Mrs. Wormwood how she was able to get approval for Bubble Shock! so fast.
Sarah Jane Smith asks Mrs. Wormwood why the Bane was "resisting" analysis.
Mrs. Wormwood tells Sarah Jane Smith that all that Bubble Shock! is doing is satisfying the needs of the Western world.
Sarah Jane Smith is almost killed by Mrs. Wormwood's secretary.
Kelsey Hooper wanders from the tour.
Kelsey Hooper attempts to phone Maria Jackson.
Kelsey Hooper disturbs an unknown beast called the Bane Mother.
Mrs. Wormwood orders the alarms switched off.
Mrs. Wormwood orders Sarah Jane Smith to be killed.
Maria Jackson attempts to phone Kelsey Hooper.
Maria Jackson sets off the alarms again.
The Archetype escapes from the factory.
Maria Jackson encounters the Archetype while escaping.
The Archetype mimics Maria Jackson.
Maria Jackson and the Archetype escape into a women's bathroom.
Sarah Jane Smith enters the women's bathroom.
Maria Jackson and Sarah Jane Smith are surprised to see each other.
Maria Jackson and Sarah Jane Smith manage to escape the factory.
Kelsey Hooper does not escape the factory with Maria Jackson and Sarah Jane Smith.
Sarah Jane Smith warns Maria Jackson not to get involved because her life is too dangerous.
Kelsey Hooper is accosted by the factory guards.
Kelsey Hooper rants about the treatment she has received.
Mrs. Wormwood subdues Kelsey Hooper by revealing her true form.
Mrs. Wormwood discovers that Kelsey Hooper and Sarah Jane Smith live on the same street.
Mrs. Wormwood uses her PR representative Davey to escort Kelsey Hooper home.
Maria Jackson realizes that Davey had discovered Sarah Jane Smith.
Maria Jackson tries to run into Sarah Jane Smith's house.
Sarah Jane Smith brings Maria Jackson and Kelsey Hooper inside her house.
Davey, now as a Bane, gives chase.
Sarah Jane Smith is able to repel Davey.
Kelsey Hooper discovers the attic in Sarah Jane Smith's house.
Sarah Jane Smith tells Maria Jackson and Kelsey Hooper about aliens.
Sarah Jane Smith met the Doctor years ago.
The Doctor took Sarah Jane Smith through time and space.
Sarah Jane Smith's adventures suddenly ended.
Sarah Jane Smith and the Doctor met by chance in "School Reunion."
Sarah Jane Smith and the Doctor realized they were still fond of each other.
Sarah Jane Smith has a brief reunion with K9.
K9 is in Sarah Jane Smith's safe.
K9 is sealing off a black hole.
Sarah Jane Smith analyzes that the Bane ingredient was sentient.
Sarah Jane Smith activates her computer named Mr. Smith.
Kelsey Hooper shouts at Mr. Smith.
Sarah Jane Smith contacts Mrs. Wormwood.
Sarah Jane Smith politely requests that Mrs. Wormwood leaves Earth.
Mrs. Wormwood refuses to leave Earth.
Mrs. Wormwood takes control of the majority of the human race.
Sarah Jane Smith races to the factory.
Sarah Jane Smith cannot enter the factory until she drives the bus into a wall.
Mrs. Wormwood reveals the Bane Mother.
Mrs. Wormwood explains that the Archetype is a conglomerate of human DNA.
The Archetype is designed to be investigated so that Bubble Shock! could be improved.
The Archetype uses an alien communicator that Sarah Jane Smith had been given.
The alien communicator's signal is strong enough to kill the Bane Mother.
Sarah Jane Smith, Maria Jackson, and the Archetype escape as the factory explodes.
Sarah Jane Smith agrees to adopt the Archetype.
Sarah Jane Smith agrees with Maria Jackson to call the Archetype "Luke."
Maria Jackson wanted to name her child "Luke" if she ever had one.
The episode closes with a monologue by Sarah Jane Smith.
Sarah Jane Smith states that while space may be strange, adventures may be had on Earth if one knows where to look.
Mrs. Wormwood reappears in the series 2 serial "Enemy of the Bane."
Sarah Jane Smith mentions Harry while trying to find a name for Luke.
Sarah Jane Smith refers to Harry Sullivan and Alastair.
Alastair is the first name of Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart.
Sarah Jane Smith decides on the name Luke for the Archetype.
Russell T Davies envisioned using a previous companion to explore the role and eventual fate of the Doctor's companions in 2005.
Elisabeth Sladen was convinced to appear in the second series episode "School Reunion."
CBBC proposed a spin-off about a teenage Doctor to Russell T Davies.
Russell T Davies denied the proposal for a teenage Doctor spin-off.
Russell T Davies favored a spin-off revolving around Sarah Jane.
Elisabeth Sladen agreed to sign on the project for the Sarah Jane spin-off.
The rights for K-9 to appear in the series were not secured.
The production team gave K-9 a cameo fixing a black hole inadvertently created in Switzerland.
The episode was written by Russell T Davies and Gareth Roberts.
Gareth Roberts drew from several outside sources for several parts of the plot.
Gareth Roberts alluded to the star of Wormwood from the Book of Revelation.
Gareth Roberts used the name of a beverage called "Bubbleshake" in his novel "The Highest Science" for inspiration for Bubble Shock!.
The first scene of "Invasion of the Bane" was shown on 8 December 2006.
The first scene of "Invasion of the Bane" was shown during a BBC Breakfast interview with Elisabeth Sladen.
The first scene of "Invasion of the Bane" was released a day later on the interactive advent calendar on the Doctor Who microsite.
The clip of the first scene lasted one minute in length.
The clip was of Sarah Jane Smith's interview with Mrs. Wormwood.
The episode's airing on BBC1 gathered 2.9 million viewers.
The episode's audience share was 15%.
20% of the audience for the episode were under 16.
The film "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" aired against "Invasion of the Bane" on ITV1.
"Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" had a higher overall reach than "Invasion of the Bane."
"Invasion of the Bane" had a slightly higher number of viewers head-to-head than "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang."
The episode's Audience Appreciation Index was 77.
The average score for an episode of a drama program is 77.
"This was the first of eleven Sarah Jane Adventures serials to be adapted as a novel."
The novel was written by Terrance Dicks.
The book was first published in paperback on 1 November 2007.