"God With Us" is a song written and performed by the Christian rock band MercyMe.
The song is lyrically a worship song.
The song was inspired by a question used by Bart Millard's pastor.
"God With Us" was released as the lead single from MercyMe's 2007 album "All That Is Within Me."
"God With Us" peaked at No. 1 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" peaked at No. 1 on the Hot Christian AC chart.
"God With Us" was ranked at No. 3 on the 2008 year-end Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" was ranked at No. 4 on the 2008 year-end Hot Christian AC chart.
"God With Us" ranked at No. 12 on the decade-end Hot Christian AC chart.
"God With Us" ranked at No. 19 on the decade-end Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" was the first song written for MercyMe's album "All That Is Within Me."
The band based the rest of the album around "God With Us."
The lyrics of "God With Us" were inspired by the question "Why does God look our way?"
Bart Millard could not get the idea of the question out of his head.
Bart Millard wanted to create a song around the idea of the question.
"God With Us" was designed for the church.
"God With Us" was designed to be used in worship.
"God With Us" was written and composed by MercyMe.
"God With Us" was produced by Brown Bannister.
The strings on "God With Us" were recorded by the London Session Orchestra.
"God With Us" is a worship song.
"God With Us" has a length of five minutes and fifty-two seconds.
"God With Us" is set in common time.
"God With Us" is in the key of A major.
"God With Us" has a moderate tempo of 92 beats per minute.
"God With Us" has a vocal range spanning from A3 to E5.
Critical reception to "God With Us" was generally positive.
Mike Parker of Today's Christian Music commented that "God With Us" may be the best cut on the album.
Mike Parker opined that the band delivers more emotion than on any tune since "I Can Only Imagine."
Kevin McNeese of New Release Tuesday called "God With Us" a worship-filled moment.
Jay Heilman of Christian Music Review opined that "God With Us" is a reminder of how compassionate and loving the Lord is of us.
"God With Us" debuted at No. 17 on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" advanced to No. 13 in its second week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" advanced to No. 8 in its third week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" advanced to No. 4 in its fifth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" held the No. 4 spot for an additional two weeks on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" advanced to No. 1 in its ninth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" held the No. 1 spot for three weeks before being supplanted by "East to West" by Casting Crowns.
"God With Us" dropped to No. 2 in its twelfth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" held the No. 2 spot for three weeks on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" advanced back into No. 1 and held that spot for five weeks on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" fell to No. 2 in its twentieth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" was removed from the top spot by Matthew West's "You Are Everything."
"God With Us" dropped out of the top five in its twenty-ninth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" fell to No. 6 in its twenty-ninth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" dropped out of the top ten in its thirty-fifth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" spent a total of thirty-eight weeks on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" spent eight weeks at No. 1 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
"God With Us" spent a total of thirty-eight weeks on the Hot Christian AC chart.
In Billboard's 2008 year-end charts, "God With Us" ranked at No. 3 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
Only "You Are Everything" by Matthew West and "Call My Name" by Third Day ranked higher than "God With Us" on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
Billboard ranked "God With Us" at No. 4 on the year-end Hot Christian AC chart.
Only "You Are Everything" by Matthew West, "Let It Fade" by Jeremy Camp, and "Call My Name" by Third Day ranked higher than "God With Us" on the year-end Hot Christian AC chart.
MercyMe has performed "God With Us" live on concert tours.
MercyMe performed "God With Us" as part of their setlist at a concert on 4 November 2011 at the Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
MercyMe performed "God With Us" as the final song of their setlist at a concert in Council Bluffs, Iowa.
MercyMe performed "God With Us" as part of their setlist at a concert in Huntsville, Alabama.
"God With Us" has been included in several compilation albums.
"God With Us" was included in the compilation album WOW Hits 2009.
"God With Us" was included in the compilation album Wow # 1s: 30 # 1 Christian Hits!
MercyMe included both "God With Us" and a live version of "God With Us" on their 2009 compilation album 10.
A music video was released for "God With Us."
The music video features MercyMe performing in a live setting.
Bart Millard is the lead vocalist of MercyMe.
Bart Millard is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
Jim Bryson is a keyboardist and pianist for MercyMe.
Jim Bryson is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
Nathan Cochran is a bass guitarist for MercyMe.
Nathan Cochran is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
Barry Graul is a guitarist for MercyMe.
Barry Graul is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
Mike Scheuchzer is a guitarist for MercyMe.
Mike Scheuchzer is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
Robby Shaffer is a drummer for MercyMe.
Robby Shaffer is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
The London Session Orchestra recorded the strings for "God With Us."