Nels Nelsen was born Nils Johan Nilsen on 3 June 1894.
Nels Nelsen was born to a Norwegian family in Seljeskog in Salangen.
Nels Nelsen was the oldest of six children.
Nels Nelsen was a Norwegian-born Canadian ski jumper.
Nels Nelsen was a ski jumping organizer.
Nels Nelsen was among the world's best ski jumpers during the 1920s.
Nels Nelsen held the world record of 73 meters from 1925 to 1930.
Nels Nelsen moved with his family to Revelstoke, British Columbia, in 1913.
Nels Nelsen became the town's best ski jumper.
Nels Nelsen made his debut in the town's Big Hill in 1916.
Nels Nelsen competed throughout Canada and the United States.
Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion five times.
Nels Nelsen was not allowed to participate in the 1928 Winter Olympics.
The officials did not find it suitable for Nels Nelsen to have to work his way to Switzerland.
Nels Nelsen worked for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
Nels Nelsen moved to North Vancouver, British Columbia.
Nels Nelsen raised a family in North Vancouver.
Nels Nelsen lost his hand in a hunting accident in 1933.
Nels Nelsen was forced to retire as a ski jumper.
Nels Nelsen continued as an organizer after his retirement.
Nels Nelsen was president of the Western Canada Amateur Ski Association.
Nels Nelsen was vice-president of the Canadian Amateur Ski Association.
The Big Hill was renamed Nels Nelsen Hill in 1948.
Nels Nelsen was inscribed in the U.S. National Ski Hall of Fame in 1971.
Nels Nelsen was inscribed in the Canadian Ski Hall of Fame in 1983.
Nels Nelsen was born in Salangen.
Nels Nelsen was an active skier and ski jumper as a child.
There were more than fifteen ski jumps located in the area where Nels Nelsen grew up.
Nels Nelsen's family emigrated to Big Eddy near Revelstoke in 1913.
Nels Nelsen anglicized his name after arriving in Canada.
Ivind Nilsen was Nels Nelsen's brother.
Ivind Nilsen was a champion ski jumper.
Ivind Nilsen became Boy's World Champion in 1922.
Ivind Nilsen chose not to anglicize his last name.
Ivind Nilsen was known for his supreme style.
Nels Nelsen was better known for his length in ski jumping.
Nels Nelsen married Emma Pickard.
Nels Nelsen had ten children with Emma Pickard.
Nels Nelsen worked as a brakeman for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
Nels Nelsen worked as a conductor for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
Nels Nelsen's job with the Canadian Pacific Railway made it easier to participate in tournaments.
Nels Nelsen won the home-town Winter Carnival Tournament in 1916.
Nels Nelsen set the hill record of 56 meters in Big Hill in the inauguration tournament in 1916.
Nels Nelsen held the hill record in Revelstoke until 1932.
Nels Nelsen won the Championship of Canada Ski Jumping Contest in 1916.
Nels Nelsen defended the Championship of Canada Ski Jumping Contest every year until 1920.
Nels Nelsen set the Canadian amateur record in 1920.
Nels Nelsen broke the Canadian amateur record in 1921.
Nels Nelsen broke the Canadian amateur record in 1923.
Nels Nelsen was among the most successful jumpers in Canada from 1916 to 1925.
Nels Nelsen took home most trophies during his career.
Nels Nelsen placed pieces of lead at the front or back of the skies to improve his jumps.
Nels Nelsen traveled throughout Canada and the United States to attend ski jumping competitions.
Nels Nelsen attended competitions in Nelson, Trail, Rossland, Princeton, Kamloops, Sandon, Nakusp, Kimberley, and Cranbrook in British Columbia.
Nels Nelsen attended tournaments in Calgary, Edmonton, Banff, and Camrose in Alberta.
Nels Nelsen attended events in Ottawa and Montreal in eastern Canada.
Nels Nelsen attended events in Mount Rainier and Leavenworth in Washington in the United States.
Nels Nelsen attended events in Dillon, Steamboat Springs, and Denver in Colorado.
Nels Nelsen attended events in Salt Lake City and Brattleboro, Vermont.
Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1917.
Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1918.
Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1919.
Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1920.
Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1922.
Nels Nelsen's various best jumps were Canadian records from 1916 to 1932.
Nels Nelsen set a world record at the Big Hill during the 1925 Winter Carnival Tournament.
Nels Nelsen was sick with influenza when he set the world record of 73 meters.
The world record of 73 meters remained until it was broken by Adolph Badrut in 1930.
Adolph Badrut jumped 75 meters at Bernina-Roseg-Schanze in Switzerland.
Bob Lymburne jumped 82 meters in 1932.
Bob Lymburne claimed the world record for the Big Hill in 1932.
The record of 82 meters was accepted as a record.
It was not favored in Europe to stress distance records at the time.
It was regarded that simply building a larger hill would give a longer jump.
The records did not take style into consideration.
Nels Nelsen and Melbourne McKenzie planned to travel to St. Moritz, Switzerland, to attend the 1928 Winter Olympics.
Nels Nelsen and Melbourne McKenzie planned to work for their fare on a freighter.
Officials from the British delegation stopped Nels Nelsen and Melbourne McKenzie's plans.
The British delegation felt it was inappropriate for Nels Nelsen and Melbourne McKenzie to work for their fare.
Nels Nelsen never competed in any Winter Olympics.
Nels Nelsen kept his amateur status.
Nels Nelsen did well against professionals when he competed against them.
Nels Nelsen worked as a ski instructor in Quebec during the winter of 1932.
Nels Nelsen lost an arm in a hunting accident in 1932.
Nels Nelsen never jumped again after losing his arm.
Nels Nelsen was instrumental in the establishment of Revelstoke Ski Club.
Nels Nelsen was instrumental in the establishment of the Big Hill located within Mount Revelstoke National Park.
Nels Nelsen helped establish a ski jump in Grouse Mountain in North Vancouver in 1927.
Nels Nelsen started working to establish Field Ski Club in Field, British Columbia, after his accident.
Nels Nelsen spent time between trains while working to establish Field Ski Club.
Nels Nelsen promoted a strict adherence to the amateur code.
Nels Nelsen stated that debates regarding professionalism were disruptive for the United States National Ski Association.
The governing of skiing in Canada was traditionally split between the Canadian Amateur Ski Association and the Western Canada Amateur Ski Association.
Nels Nelsen was the president of the Western Canada Amateur Ski Association.
Nels Nelsen was part of the negotiation for an amalgamation of the Canadian Amateur Ski Association and the Western Canada Amateur Ski Association.
The negotiation for amalgamation took into consideration the needs of the western clubs.
Nels Nelsen became vice-president of the Canadian Amateur Ski Association in 1934.
Nels Nelsen died of heart failure in Field on 3 June 1943.
Nels Nelsen died on his 49th birthday.
The Big Hill was expanded in 1948.
Nels Nelsen was inscribed in the BC Sports Hall of Fame the year after he was inscribed in the Canadian Ski Hall of Fame.