"Moving Mountains" is a song recorded by American R & B singer Usher.
"Moving Mountains" was released on May 23, 2008.
"Moving Mountains" is the third single from Usher's fifth studio album, Here I Stand.
"Moving Mountains" was written by Usher, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Kuk Harrell, and The-Dream.
"Moving Mountains" was produced by Christopher "Tricky" Stewart and The-Dream.
"Moving Mountains" is a slow tempo ballad.
The lyrics of "Moving Mountains" describe a love struggle.
The song received mostly positive attention from critics.
Comparisons were made between "Moving Mountains" and Usher's 2004 song "Burn."
"Moving Mountains" appeared on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Moving Mountains" appeared on the Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs chart.
"Moving Mountains" appeared on the single charts of several European countries.
"Moving Mountains" peaked highest in New Zealand.
"Moving Mountains" reached number six on the New Zealand singles chart.
"Moving Mountains" was certified gold in New Zealand.
The music video for "Moving Mountains" was filmed in front of a green screen.
The music video for "Moving Mountains" is a sequel to the video of "Love in This Club."
"Moving Mountains" was leaked in February 2008.
"Moving Mountains" was officially released for sale on May 23, 2008.
"Moving Mountains" contains synth beats and electronic influences.
Portions of "Moving Mountains" follow a chord progression used in OneRepublic's "Apologize."
The beat of "Moving Mountains" is adjusted partway through the song.
The musical instruments in "Moving Mountains" are accentuated.
Usher's voice in "Moving Mountains" ranges from tenor to falsetto.
The lyrics of "Moving Mountains" contain an extended metaphor.
The extended metaphor in "Moving Mountains" relates Usher's fight for love to moving mountains.
Fraser McAlpine from BBC called "Moving Mountains" a cold, sad song with cold, sad lyrics.
Leah Greenblatt called "Moving Mountains" an easy pick as a single.
Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine lauded "Moving Mountains" as further evidence that Usher always delivers musically.
Rosie Swash of The Guardian dubbed "Moving Mountains" a marked improvement on the sex-pestery of "Love in This Club."
The AbsolutePunk reviewer called "Moving Mountains" one of Usher's most impressive efforts to date.
The AbsolutePunk reviewer likened "Moving Mountains" to Usher's 2004 single "Burn."
Alex Fletcher of Digital Spy was impressed with the technicalities of Usher's vocals.
Alex Fletcher of Digital Spy found it hard to take Usher completely seriously when he insists on wailing each line.
Alex Fletcher advised Usher to stick to party bangers in the future.
"Moving Mountains" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number seventy-two on June 14, 2008.
"Moving Mountains" peaked at number sixty-seven on the Billboard Hot 100 on August 2, 2008.
"Moving Mountains" fell off the Billboard Hot 100 two weeks after peaking.
"Moving Mountains" spent a total of nine weeks on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Moving Mountains" is Usher's lowest-peaking song on the Billboard Hot 100.
"Moving Mountains" peaked at number eighteen on the US Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs chart.
"Moving Mountains" spent seventeen weeks on the US Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs chart.
"Moving Mountains" placed at number eighty-four on the end-of-year R & B / Hip-Hop Songs chart.
"Moving Mountains" reached number fifty-six on the Pop 100.
"Moving Mountains" appeared on the UK Singles Chart in July 2008 at number sixty-seven.
"Moving Mountains" rose to peak at number twenty-five on the UK Singles Chart.
"Moving Mountains" fell off the UK Singles Chart after thirteen charting weeks.
"Moving Mountains" reached number twenty-two on the European Hot 100 Singles chart.
"Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Austria.
"Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in the Czech Republic.
"Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Germany.
"Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Ireland.
"Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Slovakia.
"Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Sweden.
"Moving Mountains" appeared on the Ultratop charts in Flanders at number twenty.
"Moving Mountains" appeared on the Ultratop charts in Wallonia at number twenty.
"Moving Mountains" reached high positions of thirty-three in Japan.
"Moving Mountains" reached high positions of thirty-six in Australia.
"Moving Mountains" had the most impact in New Zealand.
"Moving Mountains" was certified gold by the RIANZ for over 7,500 sales on March 29, 2009.
"Moving Mountains" ranked at number forty-seven on the New Zealand 2008 year-end Singles Chart.
The music video for "Moving Mountains" was released on May 21, 2008.
The music video for "Moving Mountains" was directed by the Brothers Strause.
The music video for "Moving Mountains" is a continuation of the video for "Love in This Club."
The music video for "Moving Mountains" was shot in front of a green screen.
The music video for "Moving Mountains" begins with Usher exiting the club from the "Love in This Club" video.
The music video for "Moving Mountains" shows a fiery transition into the next scene.
The next scene in the music video for "Moving Mountains" shows the burnt-down club.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher inspects the smoking ruins.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher imagines a woman in a shard of a broken mirror.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher travels through a desert.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher takes off his jacket to reveal a tight-fitting t-shirt.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher imagines the woman in a desert pond.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher reaches a mountain on which his love interest appears.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher climbs the mountain.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," rain starts to fall when Usher reaches the top of the mountain.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," the rain clears to be replaced by snowfall when Usher reaches the top of the mountain.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher finds that the woman is merely an illusion.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher opens a locket to reveal a portrait of himself and his partner.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," the portrait of Usher and his partner freezes over and cracks.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher kneels at the end.
In the music video for "Moving Mountains," the mountain breaks around Usher, leaving a sole pillar for him to stand on.
Idolator noted similarities in some scenery between the music video for "Moving Mountains" and Madonna's "Frozen" video.
The music video for "Moving Mountains" was placed at number eight on BET's Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2008 list.