Milton Blockhouse was an artillery fortification.
Milton Blockhouse was constructed as part of Henry VIII's Device plan of 1539.
Henry VIII's Device plan of 1539 was in response to fears of an imminent invasion of England.
Milton Blockhouse was built at Milton, near Gravesend in Kent.
Milton Blockhouse was built at a strategic point along the River Thames.
Milton Blockhouse was operational by 1540.
Milton Blockhouse was equipped with 30 pieces of artillery.
Milton Blockhouse had a garrison of 12 men and a captain.
Milton Blockhouse was probably a two-storey, D-shaped building.
Milton Blockhouse was designed to prevent enemy ships from progressing further up the river.
Milton Blockhouse was designed to prevent enemy ships from landing an invasion force.
Milton Blockhouse was stripped of its artillery in 1553.
Milton Blockhouse was demolished between 1557 and 1558.
Nothing remains of Milton Blockhouse above ground.
Archaeological investigations in the 1970s uncovered parts of Milton Blockhouse's foundations.
Milton Blockhouse was built as a consequence of international tensions between England, France, and the Holy Roman Empire.
The international tensions occurred in the final years of the reign of King Henry VIII.
The Crown traditionally left coastal defenses to local lords and communities.
The Crown played only a modest role in building and maintaining fortifications.
Maritime raids were common while France and the Holy Roman Empire remained in conflict.
An actual invasion of England seemed unlikely during that time.
Modest defenses existed in the south-west and along the Sussex coast.
A few more impressive fortifications existed in the north of England.
In general, the fortifications were very limited in scale.
Henry VIII broke with Pope Paul III in 1533.
Henry VIII broke with Pope Paul III in order to annul his marriage to Catherine of Aragon.
Catherine of Aragon was the aunt of Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor.
Charles V took the annulment as a personal insult.
France and the Holy Roman Empire declared an alliance against Henry VIII in 1538.
The Pope encouraged France and the Holy Roman Empire to attack England.
An invasion of England appeared certain after the alliance was declared.
Henry VIII issued an order called a "device" in 1539.
The "device" gave instructions for the defense of the realm in time of invasion.
The "device" included the construction of forts along the English coastline.
The River Thames was protected by a network of blockhouses at Gravesend, Milton, and Higham.
The network of blockhouses was on the south side of the River Thames.
The network of blockhouses included Tilbury and East Tilbury on the opposite bank.
The fortifications were strategically placed.
London was vulnerable to seaborne attacks arriving up the Thames estuary.
The newly constructed royal dockyards of Deptford and Woolwich were vulnerable to seaborne attacks.
80 percent of England's exports passed through the Thames estuary.
The village of Milton and the adjacent town of Gravesend were only 500 meters apart.
Milton and Gravesend formed a particularly important communications point along the River Thames.
Milton and Gravesend formed the center of the "Long Ferry" traffic of passengers into the capital.
Milton and Gravesend were part of the "Cross Ferry" over the river to Tilbury.
The local riverbank became lined with wharfs.
Milton was the first point that an invasion force would be able to easily disembark along the Thames.
The mudflats along the sides of the estuary made landings difficult before Milton.
Milton Blockhouse was designed by James Nedeham.
James Nedeham was the Clerk of the King's Works.
Milton Blockhouse was designed by Christopher Morice.
Christopher Morice was the Master of Ordnance.
Robert Lorde served as the paymaster for the Milton Blockhouse project.
Lionel Martin acted as a local overseer for the Milton Blockhouse project.
John Ganyn acted as a local overseer for the Milton Blockhouse project.
Mr. Travers acted as a local overseer for the Milton Blockhouse project.
Milton Blockhouse was built on Chapel Field.
The Crown bought Chapel Field from William Burston for £66.
Chapel Field had previously been part of Milton Chantry.
Milton Chantry was dissolved by Henry VIII during the Reformation.
The work on Milton Blockhouse was quickly completed.
Milton Blockhouse was in operation by 1540.
Milton Blockhouse was equipped with 30 artillery guns.
Milton Blockhouse was equipped with 6 handguns.
Milton Blockhouse was equipped with various pikes and longbows.
Milton Blockhouse was initially commanded by Captain Sir Edward Cobham.
Milton Blockhouse had a small garrison of 12 men.
The garrison included a second in command.
The garrison included a porter.
The garrison included three soldiers.
The garrison included seven gunners.
The garrison would have been supported by reinforcements if the fort had ever come under attack.
Fresh fears of invasion after 1544 prompted further work on Milton Blockhouse.
Sir Richard Lee was a prominent military engineer.
Peace was declared the year after fresh fears of invasion.
It is uncertain exactly what shape Milton Blockhouse took.
Archaeological investigations suggest that Milton Blockhouse was probably D-shaped.
Milton Blockhouse was probably two storeys tall.
Milton Blockhouse had a circular bastion facing the river.
Milton Blockhouse had battery positions on either side of the main defenses.
A more modern, angular bastion was added later on the landwards side of Milton Blockhouse.
By 1546, the King's accountants estimated that £1,072 had been spent on building and developing Milton Blockhouse.
In 1553, orders were issued for the artillery pieces to be removed from Milton Blockhouse.
The artillery pieces were taken to the Tower of London.
The brick and stone from the site of Milton Blockhouse were reused to repair the Tower of London.
The former site of Milton Blockhouse was probably rediscovered during excavations in 1826.
The former site of Milton Blockhouse was destroyed during the building of the Gravesend Canal Basin.
The former site of Milton Blockhouse was destroyed during the building of Canal Road.
The former site of Milton Blockhouse was destroyed during the building of the Gordon Pleasure Gardens.
Archaeological investigations between 1973 and 1978 uncovered the foundations of Milton Blockhouse.
The foundations of Milton Blockhouse are now protected under UK law as a scheduled monument.