The Trustee Investments Act 1961 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 covers where trustees can invest trust funds.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 received royal assent on 3 August 1961.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 removed the "Statutory Lists" system.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 replaced the "Statutory Lists" system with sets of specific investment areas.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 was heavily criticised for the way it set out investment areas.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 required trusts trying to invest in multiple areas to be permanently divided.
A 1997 Law Commission paper called the terms of the Trustee Investments Act 1961 "overly cautious and restrictive."
The 1997 Law Commission paper suggested that some trusts were underperforming as a result of the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
The passing of the Trustee Act 2000 effectively nullified the terms of the Trustee Investments Act 1961 in relation to trustee investment.
The Trustee Act 2000 is now the principal piece of legislation in the area of trustee investments.
Prior to the Trustee Investments Act 1961, the areas trustees could invest in were based on the Trustee Act 1925.
The Trustee Act 1925 set up a "Statutory Lists" system.
The "Statutory Lists" contained only those investments available at the Post Office and land.
The "Statutory Lists" did not take into account the deprecation of currency or inflation.
Trustees investing in stocks and shares were at risk of losing money due to the falling value of the pound sterling.
The income from a trust might remain nominally constant.
The real value of the income from a trust could be much reduced over the lifetime of the trust.
Lawyers recognised the issue of the real value of trust income.
Lawyers had been advising their clients to structure trusts to allow trustees to invest in wider areas than the Statutory Lists.
The report of the Nathan Committee advocated reform in 1952.
The government published a White Paper on "Government Policy on Charitable Trusts in England and Wales" in 1955.
The 1955 White Paper proposed a reform of the Statutory Lists system.
The Variation of Trusts Act 1958 allowed trustees to apply to the courts to widen their investment powers.
The process to widen investment powers under the Variation of Trusts Act 1958 was expensive and slow.
A statement in the House of Lords on 13 May 1959 promised further reform.
A detailed White Paper was published in December 1959.
A Bill based on the December 1959 report was introduced in the House of Lords in November 1960.
The Bill was scrutinised by solicitors and barristers during the Committee stage.
The Bill received royal assent on 3 August 1961.
The Bill passed into law as the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 replaced the old Statutory Lists system of investments.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 included two sets of "narrow range" investments.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 included a set of "wide range" investments.
The first set of "narrow range" investments included Defence Bonds and National Savings Certificates.
The first set of "narrow range" investments could be bought at a Post Office.
The first set of "narrow range" investments did not require the trustee to seek advice before investing.
The second set of investments included debentures in certain British companies.
The second set of investments included gilt-edged securities.
The trustee was expected to seek written advice from a qualified person before investing in the second set of investments.
"Wide range" investments included unit trusts and shares in certain British companies.
"Wide range" investments included shares in building societies.
If trustees wished to invest in "wide range" investments, they were required to have the trust fund valued.
The trust fund had to be divided into two parts for "wide range" investments.
Three quarters of the value of the trust fund had to be in one part.
A quarter of the value of the trust fund had to be in another part.
The quarter of the trust fund was to be invested in "wide range" investments.
The remainder of the trust fund was restricted to "narrow range" investments.
The valuation of the trust fund had to be done by a person reasonably believed by the trustee to be qualified to make it.
The division of funds was permanent.
The quarter and three quarters of the trust fund became distinct units.
The permanence of the division was the most controversial section of the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 was considered a bad one.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 required a "very conservative investment policy for trustees."
The powers given to investment trustees by the Trustee Investments Act 1961 were restrictive and narrow.
Trustees were expected to go through expensive and complicated procedures to exercise their powers under the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
The Trustee Investments Act 1961 was criticised almost immediately for its complexity and outdatedness.
A 1997 paper by the Law Commission called the Trustee Investments Act 1961 "overly cautious and restrictive."
The 1997 paper suggested that some trusts were underperforming because of the difficulty of complying with the provisions of the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
The Trustee Act 2000 repealed most of the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
The Trustee Act 2000 now serves as the principal piece of guidance on trustee investments.