"Rumors" is a song by American actress and singer-songwriter Lindsay Lohan.
"Rumors" is taken from Lindsay Lohan's debut studio album, Speak (2004).
"Rumors" was originally titled "Just What It Is".
The song "Rumors" was written by Lindsay Lohan, Cory Rooney, Taryll Jackson, and TJ Jackson.
Cory Rooney produced the song "Rumors".
Peter Wade Keusch assisted in the production of "Rumors".
Peter Wade Keusch was responsible for Lohan's vocal recording.
Lohan's vocal recording occurred at the Poolhouse West and The Village Recorder in Los Angeles, California.
Audio mixing for "Rumors" was done by Peter Wade Keusch at Sony Music Studios in New York, New York.
Christopher J. Warner provided the guitar present in the song's composition.
"Rumors" was released as a single on September 21, 2004.
"Rumors" was released through Casablanca Records.
"Rumors" is in the style of contemporary R&B.
The lyrics of "Rumors" were written as a response to the paparazzi and media's backlash.
Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "I'm tired of rumors starting".
Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "I'm sick of being followed".
Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "I'm tired of people lying".
Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "Saying what they want about me".
Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "Why can't they back off me?"
Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "Why can't they let me live?"
Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "I'm going to do it my way".
Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "Take this for just what it is".
Spence D. of IGN noted that Lindsay Lohan's vocals are "driven by snarls, breathy croons, and emotionally restrained angst".
John Murphy of musicOMH considered "Rumors" a "feisty dance anthem with intelligent lyrics attacking the paparazzi and press in general".
"Rumors" received generally mixed reviews from music critics.
"Rumors" has become one of Lindsay Lohan's most recognized songs.
"Rumors" has been labeled as a "cult pop treasure".
Charles Merwin of Stylus Magazine thought that "Rumors" was not a good choice for a single.
Charles Merwin stated that "Rumors" might be the worst choice of subject matter for Lindsay Lohan.
Erik Missio of ChartAttack thought that "Rumors" presented potential for a semi-palatable debut effort.
Erik Missio described "Rumors" as a "crap of a spectacularly unspectacular level".
Nicholas Fonseca of Entertainment Weekly considered "Rumors" a guilty pleasure.
Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic selected "Rumors" as a Track Pick in the review of Speak.
Spence D. described "Rumors" as "pervasively infectious".
John Murphy praised "Rumors" as a departure from Speak's soft rock genre.
"Rumors" achieved moderate commercial success worldwide.
In the United States, "Rumors" peaked at number six on Billboard's Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles.
"Rumors" reached number 23 on the Pop Songs component chart in the United States.
"Rumors" was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in February 2005.
"Rumors" was certified Gold for shipping over 500,000 copies of the single.
In Australia, "Rumors" debuted at number 19 on the ARIA charts.
"Rumors" peaked at number 10 in Australia six weeks after debuting.
"Rumors" was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
"Rumors" attained top thirty positions in Austria and Switzerland.
"Rumors" reached the top forty in the Netherlands and Sweden.
In Germany, "Rumors" debuted and peaked at number 14.
Casablanca Records commissioned a music video for "Rumors".
Jake Nava directed the music video for "Rumors".
Jake Nava previously worked with Britney Spears on her music video for "My Prerogative" (2004).
The music video for "Rumors" premiered on October 14, 2004.
The music video for "Rumors" premiered on October 20, 2004 through Disney Channel and MTV.
In the beginning of the music video, Lindsay Lohan is followed by paparazzi as she is entering her car.
The music video reveals that the person followed by paparazzi is a Lindsay look-alike.
The real Lindsay Lohan is entering another car to go to a club in the music video.
The car in the music video comes to a stop.
Lindsay Lohan steps into an elevator and sings the first verse of "Rumors" in the music video.
Lindsay Lohan is filmed by a CCTV camera in the elevator in the music video.
The next sequence in the music video shows Lindsay Lohan running through a hallway, dressed up.
Lindsay Lohan gets into the club in the music video.
In the club, Lindsay Lohan dances in the crowd.
Lindsay Lohan takes a picture of one of the paparazzi herself in the club.
Lindsay Lohan walks slowly through the club in the music video.
Lindsay Lohan finds the man who seems to be her boyfriend in the club.
Lindsay Lohan takes a seat next to her lover in the club.
Lindsay Lohan and her lover begin kissing and touching each other in the club.
Cameras in the club constantly film Lindsay Lohan and her lover.
While Lindsay Lohan sings the second chorus, she is trapped in a cage in the middle of the club.
The whole crowd watches Lindsay Lohan while she is trapped in a cage in the club.
Lindsay Lohan is shown dancing in the club with her friends at the end of the music video.
At the end of the music video, Lindsay Lohan and her friends enter the top of a high-rise.
Lindsay Lohan and her friends perform a dance routine while helicopters are circling around them in the music video.
Lindsay Lohan gets into a helicopter and escapes at the end of the music video.
Lindsay Lohan throws her camera away with all the pictures taken of her at the end of the music video.
The music video for "Rumors" received very positive reviews from critics and viewers.
The music video for "Rumors" reached the top position on the countdown of Total Request Live in the week of October 27, 2004.
The music video for "Rumors" was nominated for Best Pop Video during the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards.
Lindsay Lohan performed "Rumors" on Good Morning America in December 2004.
According to an MTV News staff report, Lindsay Lohan missed the cue to mouth along during her performance.
Cameras cut away when Lindsay Lohan's mouth remained closed during her performance.
Lindsay Lohan was heard singing during her performance thanks to a backing track.
A representative for Lindsay Lohan revealed that Lindsay Lohan actually sang live during her performance.
The representative noted that Lindsay Lohan only used a background track to help make the song sound like it does on her album.
"Rumors" was recorded at Poolhouse West and The Village Recorder in Los Angeles, California.
"Rumors" was mixed at Sony Music Studios in New York, New York.
Cory Rooney, Lindsay Lohan, Taryll Jackson, and Tito Jackson are credited for songwriting "Rumors".
Cory Rooney and Peter Wade Keusch are credited for producing "Rumors".
Peter Wade Keusch and Chris Avedon are credited for recording "Rumors".
Electric Pete is credited for mixing "Rumors".
Cory Rooney is credited for providing keyboards in "Rumors".
Christopher J. Warner is credited for providing guitar in "Rumors".
Lindsay Lohan and Cory Rooney are credited for providing background vocals in "Rumors".
Credits for "Rumors" are taken from Speak liner notes.