Luke Michael Smith is an American writer.
Luke Michael Smith is a staff member at Bungie.
Bungie is a video game development company.
Luke Michael Smith is a former video games journalist.
Luke Michael Smith wrote for a college newspaper in Michigan.
Luke Michael Smith wrote for weekly papers in Michigan.
Luke Michael Smith was one of the first new freelance writers for Kotaku.
Luke Michael Smith developed his writing style at Kotaku.
Luke Michael Smith left Kotaku for a staff position at 1UP.com.
Luke Michael Smith was the news editor at 1UP.com.
Luke Michael Smith made a name for himself at 1UP.
Luke Michael Smith wrote an article focusing on problems with the game Halo 2.
Luke Michael Smith was known for his direct approach to game journalism.
Luke Michael Smith was known for his scathing criticism of the video game industry.
1UP developed a greater profile during Luke Michael Smith's tenure.
1UP stepped out of its sister publication's shadow during Luke Michael Smith's tenure.
Luke Michael Smith grew frustrated with the contemporary state of gaming news.
Luke Michael Smith considered the manipulation of journalists and readers as a problem.
Luke Michael Smith left 1UP in April 2007.
Luke Michael Smith became a Bungie writer in April 2007.
Luke Michael Smith became a co-host of Bungie's podcast in April 2007.
Luke Michael Smith gradually entered into game journalism while working on an English Literature degree.
Luke Michael Smith wrote about media in the college newspaper at the University of Michigan.
Luke Michael Smith worked for weekly papers in Dearborn, Michigan.
Luke Michael Smith worked for weekly papers in Detroit, Michigan.
Luke Michael Smith worked for Real Detroit Weekly.
Clive Thompson interacted with Luke Michael Smith over AOL Instant Messenger.
Clive Thompson recommended Luke Michael Smith to Kotaku.
Luke Michael Smith credits his time at Kotaku for helping him develop his style.
Luke Michael Smith learned about attribution and citing sources at Kotaku.
Luke Michael Smith left Kotaku after a short period of time.
Stories on Kotaku were unsigned at the time Luke Michael Smith worked there.
Kotaku was like the Brian Crecente vision at the time Luke Michael Smith worked there.
If Luke Michael Smith posted something, people thought Brian Crecente did it.
There was no health insurance at Kotaku.
Kotaku was just full-time freelance at the time Luke Michael Smith worked there.
Luke Michael Smith served as the news editor for 1UP.com.
1UP.com was the sister site to the now-defunct magazine Electronic Gaming Monthly.
Luke Michael Smith wrote extensively about the Halo video game franchise at 1UP.
Luke Michael Smith was considered a leading fan voice for the Halo video game franchise.
Luke Michael Smith declared Halo was the only game series he cared about in one article.
Luke Michael Smith wrote a feature story for 1UP in 2005 called "Broken Halo."
Luke Michael Smith explained how developer Bungie could fix problems with Halo in "Broken Halo."
Brian Crecente said the article "Broken Halo" put Luke Michael Smith "on the map."
Luke Michael Smith became one of the panelists of the 1UP Yours show.
1UP Yours was a weekly video games podcast featuring gaming editors and experts.
Edge named Luke Michael Smith one of gaming's top 50 journalists in 2006.
Play.d magazine credited Luke Michael Smith with inspiring gamers to learn more about the game industry.
Play.d magazine credited Luke Michael Smith with not accepting company promotion.
Play.d magazine credited Luke Michael Smith with turning 1UP into an important part of the Ziff Davis Internet company's gaming network.
Luke Michael Smith's style has been described as a "robust, direct approach" to journalism.
Luke Michael Smith is known for his scathing attacks on the video game industry.
Luke Michael Smith felt disheartened by the state of game journalism.
Luke Michael Smith said video game journalism is just weird.
Luke Michael Smith said some game journalists are married to women in marketing for the games they cover.
Luke Michael Smith said video game journalism is still very young.
Luke Michael Smith said video game journalism is still trying to find out what it is.
Luke Michael Smith said game journalists were treated by developers as another part of the PR plan.
Luke Michael Smith said developers send out information to journalists.
Luke Michael Smith said journalists "regurgitate" information sent by developers.
Luke Michael Smith felt that gamers had become used to the sort of information sent by developers.
Luke Michael Smith said "We have to be responsible for our actions and held accountable when we manipulate the expectations of gamers."
Bungie contacted Luke Michael Smith about employment while he was at 1UP.
Luke Michael Smith sent his resume to Bungie.
Luke Michael Smith stopped writing about Bungie and Microsoft to avoid a conflict of interest.
Luke Michael Smith accepted a job offer from Bungie a month after applying.
Luke Michael Smith announced on a 1UP podcast he was leaving the site to work for Bungie in April 2007.
Reactions to Luke Michael Smith's announcement varied.
Some people were happy to see Luke Michael Smith leave 1UP.
Some people were sad to see Luke Michael Smith leave 1UP.
Some people felt Luke Michael Smith had "sold out."
Luke Michael Smith joined other former game journalists who left to work for game companies.
Che Chou joined Microsoft Game Studios after leaving 1UP.
Greg Kasavin became an associate producer for Electronic Arts after leaving GameSpot.
Bungie staff hinted that Luke Michael Smith might play a role in the developer's podcast.
Luke Michael Smith officially began work at Bungie on May 7, 2007.
Luke Michael Smith worked as content editor at Bungie.
Luke Michael Smith provided fans and the Bungie readership with information about Bungie's game and staff.
Luke Michael Smith believed there was a special opportunity for game developers.
Luke Michael Smith believed someone could come in and tell the stories that people want to know.
Luke Michael Smith believed his position could get rid of the middle two bridges between developer and reader.
Bungie had historically been good at letting fans interact via forums.
Bungie provided updates and artwork via their site, Bungie.net.
Bungie's releases had a "corporate and muted tone" historically.
Bungie made less effort at providing access to the inner workings of the game studio historically.
Bungie took steps to allow fans more say as part of a change to become more transparent.
Bungie recruited respected voices from the community as part of a change to become more transparent.
Luke Michael Smith is credited as a writer on Halo 3.
Luke Michael Smith hosted Bungie's podcast show along with co-host Brian Jarrard.
Luke Michael Smith said Bungie was focusing on getting listeners and fans familiar with different faces at Bungie studios.
Bungie's podcast features Bungie news and interviews with staff members about their jobs.
Luke Michael Smith had the title of "Bungie Community Manager" at Bungie.
Luke Michael Smith gave interviews with the press about Bungie's recent products.
Luke Michael Smith worked on player investment for Halo: Reach.
Luke Michael Smith worked as design lead on Bungie's 2014 video game Destiny.