Æthelbert of York died on 8 November 780.
Æthelbert was an eighth-century scholar.
Æthelbert was a teacher.
Æthelbert was the Archbishop of York.
Æthelbert was related to his predecessor at York.
Æthelbert became a monk at an early age.
Æthelbert was in charge of the cathedral's library.
Æthelbert was in charge of the cathedral's school.
Æthelbert taught a number of missionaries and scholars.
Alcuin was one of the missionaries and scholars taught by Æthelbert.
Æthelbert rebuilt the cathedral while archbishop.
Æthelbert sent missionaries to the Continent.
Æthelbert retired before his death.
Æthelbert built another church in York during his retirement.
Alcuin's poem is the principal source of information concerning Æthelbert's life.
Æthelbert was a kinsman of his predecessor Ecgbert.
Ecgbert was the brother of Eadberht.
Eadberht was the King of Northumbria.
Æthelbert's family placed him in a monastery as a young child.
Æthelbert was a pupil in the school founded at York by Ecgbert.
Ecgbert ordained Æthelbert as a priest.
Ecgbert put Æthelbert in charge of the school.
Æthelbert was instrumental in forming a library at York.
The library at York was probably the largest contemporary collection of books outside of Rome.
Alcuin mentions several Latin and Greek classical authors.
Alcuin mentions the Fathers and other Christian writers that formed the 8th-century canon.
Æthelbert travelled far in his search for books.
Æthelbert visited Rome among other places.
Alcuin's poem lists 41 different authors.
Some authors listed in Alcuin's poem wrote in Hebrew.
Æthelbert taught both the trivium and the quadrivium.
Æthelbert taught how to figure the dates of church festivals.
Æthelbert taught natural science.
Æthelbert succeeded Ecgbert as archbishop in 766.
Æthelbert was consecrated on 24 April 767.
24 April 767 was the feast day of his predecessor Wilfrid.
Æthelbert wished to revive Wilfrid's ambitions for the archiepiscopal see.
Æthelbert received his pallium from Pope Adrian I in 773.
Alcuin was appointed head of the cathedral school after Æthelbert became archbishop.
Much of Alcuin's description of Æthelbert's time as archbishop has the flavor of a panegyric.
Alcuin praised Æthelbert as a model bishop.
Æthelbert rebuilt York Minster.
York Minster had been destroyed by fire in 741.
Æthelbert gave Eanbald and Alcuin the job of overseeing the construction of York Minster.
Alcuin wrote that York Minster had bright windows and ceilings.
Alcuin wrote that the liturgical vessels and altars of York Minster were decorated with precious metals and gems.
The new building of York Minster had 30 altars.
The new building of York Minster had upper apartments.
Æthelbert dedicated one of the altars of York Minster to Saint Paul.
The altar dedicated to Saint Paul was located where Edwin was baptized.
Æthelbert sent out missionaries to the pagans of Northern Europe.
Alubert and Liudger were among the missionaries sent to Northern Europe.
Liudger went to northern Germany.
Liudger had earlier been a pupil at the school in York.
Liudger became the first Bishop of Munster.
Æthelbert was the recipient of letters from Lull.
Lull was the Archbishop of Mainz.
Lull's correspondent "Coena" is assumed to be Æthelbert by most historians.
Books were sent to the missionaries from the York library.
Æthelbert called a council in 774.
The council in 774 deposed Alhred, the King of Northumbria.
Alhred was sent into exile with the Picts.
The cause of the deposition of Alhred may have been related to missionary work.
D. P. Kirby feels that Æthelbert was not a supporter of Alhred prior to his deposition.
Alhred was replaced with Æthelred.
Æthelred was replaced in 778 by Ælfwald.
Ælfwald was the son of Oswulf.
Kirby sees Æthelbert's withdrawal of support as instrumental in the deposition of Æthelred.
Ælfwald was closely related to Æthelbert.
Alhred and Æthelred were not closely related to Æthelbert.
Medieval chroniclers noted that Æthelbert is said to have not "spared evil kings."
Æthelbert retired some time before his death.
Æthelbert consecrated Eanbald as his successor.
The exact date of Æthelbert's retirement is unclear.
Alcuin gives a date corresponding to July 778 for Æthelbert's retirement.
The date of Æthelbert's retirement could also be 777.
Eanbald's position may have just been as an associate bishop.
Æthelbert may have remained in office until his death while sharing the office with Eanbald.
During his retirement, Æthelbert constructed a new church dedicated to Alma Sophia.
Æthelbert lived long enough to consecrate the new church.
Æthelbert consecrated the new church ten days before his death on 8 November.