"Stephen" is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Kesha.
"Stephen" is taken from Kesha's debut studio album Animal.
The song was written by Kesha in collaboration with David Gamson, Pebe Sebert, and Oliver Leiber.
David Gamson produced "Stephen."
Oliver Leiber did additional production for "Stephen."
David Gamson played all the instruments on "Stephen," except for the accordion.
Kesha played the accordion on "Stephen."
Kesha wrote "Stephen" about a boy that Kesha had been stalking.
The boy that Kesha had been stalking refused to call Kesha.
"Stephen" is a dance-pop song.
"Stephen" incorporates elements of country music.
"Stephen" received some positive reviews from music critics upon its release.
After the release of Animal for download, "Stephen" charted on the lower regions of the South Korea Gaon International Chart.
A music video for "Stephen" was released on the repackaging of Kesha's debut album, Animal + Cannibal.
Kesha Sebert wrote "Stephen" in collaboration with her mother Pebe Sebert, David Gamson, and Oliver Leiber.
Kesha commenced the recording of "Stephen" at ACME Recording in Long Island, California.
Kesha commenced the recording of "Stephen" at Ollywood Studios in Hollywood, California.
Kesha told Rolling Stone that "Stephen" was one of her favorite tracks on the album.
Kesha explained that "Stephen" stemmed from her experiences with a man that she had been stalking since she was 15.
Kesha wrote "Stephen" when she was sixteen.
Kesha found David Gamson to produce "Stephen."
Kesha described David Gamson as amazing and a crazy cynical genius guy.
Kesha was inspired to write "Stephen" after continual rejection from the protagonist in the song, Stephen.
Kesha told MTV that she wrote "Stephen" about a guy that she had been stalking since she was 15.
Kesha described the guy she was stalking as a total loser.
Kesha expressed excitement for the song "Stephen."
In February 2010, Stephen attended one of Kesha's concerts.
Kesha recalled that Stephen came to see her show at a huge gay bar in New York.
Kesha described the concert experience as totally off the chain.
Stephen got up on stage and took all his clothes off except his underwear.
Stephen started making out with a transgender person.
Kesha questioned if she had been barking up the wrong genre of tree.
"Stephen" is composed in the dance-pop genre.
"Stephen" is written in the key of D major.
The tempo of "Stephen" moves at 100 beats per minute.
Kesha's vocal range in "Stephen" spans from the lower note of E3 to the higher note of D5.
The lyrics of "Stephen" begin with Kesha singing "Stephen, Stephen, why won't you call me?"
The lyrics of "Stephen" depict the tale of Kesha stalking her crush, Stephen.
"Stephen" opens with layered a cappella harmonies.
"Stephen" transitions into a dominantly driven pop song.
Kesha stated that "Stephen" showcases her more vulnerable side.
Kesha stated that "Stephen" encompasses humor throughout its lyrics.
Fraser McAlpine of BBC called "Stephen" a vulnerable ode to an unreliable crush.
Daniel Brockman of The Phoenix thought that the lyrics of "Stephen" were an ode to forcing sexual advances on a high-school history teacher.
Andrew Burgess of musicOMH wrote that "Stephen" tells the story of a guy Kesha can't bag.
Ann Powers of the Los Angeles Times felt that "Stephen" was experimental.
Ann Powers compared "Stephen" to the group Animal Collective.
"Stephen" received positive comments from music critics.
Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music used "Stephen" as an example of songs on Animal that exemplified Kesha's vocals.
Fraser McAlpine described "Stephen" as having beautiful layered a cappella harmonies.
Daniel Brockman of The Boston Phoenix wrote that there is plenty of room for dumb pop if it is done well.
Daniel Brockman described "Stephen" as an ode to forcing sexual advances on a high-school history teacher.
Ann Powers of the Los Angeles Times listed "Stephen" as one of the songs that exemplified the album's more experimental side.
Andrew Burgess of musicOMH wrote that the album was composed of obligatory ballads.
Andrew Burgess used "Stephen" as an example of the album's ballads.
Andrew Burgess stated that Kesha might be a more complex and multi-faceted party girl than she seems on the surface.
Digital Spy commented that Kesha uses the album to show her vulnerable side.
Digital Spy stated that Kesha admits she can't take rejection on the country-tinged "Stephen."
A music video for "Stephen" was directed by the production team Skinny.
The music video for "Stephen" was released on the deluxe repacking of Kesha's debut album, Animal.
The music video for "Stephen" was uploaded to Kesha's Vevo account on April 4, 2011.
The music video for "Stephen" is composed of still shots.
The music video for "Stephen" shows Kesha going to extreme lengths to show Stephen how much she feels for him.
The music video for "Stephen" opens with Kesha looking through a scrapbook.
The music video for "Stephen" depicts Kesha's interactions with Stephen.
The first setting of the music video for "Stephen" is located at a bar.
Kesha gets into a verbal altercation with Stephen's girlfriend in the music video for "Stephen."
Kesha later leaves with the then unconscious Stephen in the music video for "Stephen."
Kesha takes Stephen back to her house to take pictures of him in the music video for "Stephen."
Kesha cuts off some of Stephen's hair for her shrine in the music video for "Stephen."
Kesha duct-tapes Stephen and locks him in her closet in the music video for "Stephen."
Stephen later escapes from the closet in the music video for "Stephen."
Kesha is distraught after Stephen escapes in the music video for "Stephen."
Kesha builds another man out of a dummy in the music video for "Stephen."
Kesha uses the hair she clipped earlier to bring the dummy to a bar in the music video for "Stephen."
Kesha gets into another altercation with the dummy in the music video for "Stephen."
Kesha leaves the dummy in the street at the end of the music video for "Stephen."
"Stephen" has a duration of 3 minutes and 32 seconds.
"Stephen" debuted and peaked at number eighty-nine on the South Korea Gaon International Songs Chart.
"Stephen" was the ninth highest debuting album track from its parent album.