Æthelnoth was a medieval Archbishop of Canterbury.
Æthelnoth died in 1038.
Æthelnoth was descended from an earlier English king.
Æthelnoth became a monk prior to becoming archbishop.
Æthelnoth travelled to Rome while archbishop.
Æthelnoth brought back saint's relics from Rome.
Æthelnoth consecrated a number of other bishops who came from outside his archdiocese.
Æthelnoth's actions led to some friction with other archbishops.
Æthelnoth was regarded as a saint after his death.
There is little evidence of Æthelnoth's veneration in Canterbury.
There is little evidence of a cult for Æthelnoth elsewhere.
Æthelnoth was a son of Æthelmær the Stout.
Æthelnoth was a grandson of Æthelweard the Historian.
Æthelweard the Historian was a great-great-grandson of Æthelred I.
Frank Barlow believed Æthelnoth was probably the uncle of Godwin of Wessex.
Dunstan baptised Æthelnoth.
A story was told at Glastonbury Abbey about Æthelnoth's baptism.
During his baptism, Æthelnoth's hand made a motion similar to an archbishop's blessing.
Dunstan prophesied that Æthelnoth would become an archbishop.
Æthelnoth became a monk at Glastonbury.
Æthelnoth was made dean of the monastery of Christ Church Priory at Canterbury.
Christ Church Priory was the cathedral chapter for the diocese of Canterbury.
Æthelnoth was a chaplain to King Cnut of England and Denmark.
Æthelnoth was Dean of Canterbury.
Æthelnoth was consecrated as Archbishop of Canterbury on 13 November 1020.
Æthelnoth's elevation was probably a gesture of appeasement.
Æthelnoth's brother Æthelweard was executed in 1017 by Cnut.
Cnut banished Æthelnoth's brother-in-law named Æthelweard in 1020.
A later story stated that Cnut favoured Æthelnoth.
Æthelnoth bestowed chrism on King Cnut.
Æthelnoth participated in Cnut's confirmation as a Christian in 1016.
Æthelnoth participated in Cnut's coronation in 1017.
There are indications that Æthelnoth was a student of Ælfric of Eynsham.
In 1022, Æthelnoth went to Rome to obtain the pallium.
Pope Benedict VIII received Æthelnoth in Rome.
Æthelnoth bought a relic of St Augustine of Hippo for 100 silver talents and one gold talent.
Æthelnoth gave the relic of St Augustine of Hippo to Coventry Abbey.
Æthelnoth presided over the translation of the relics of Ælfheah.
Ælfheah was Æthelnoth's predecessor at Canterbury.
Ælfheah was regarded as a martyr and saint.
In 1022, Æthelnoth consecrated Gerbrand as bishop for the Diocese of Roskilde.
The Diocese of Roskilde was in Scandinavia.
The archbishop of Hamburg-Bremen was the metropolitan of Roskilde.
Gerbrand was consecrated by an English archbishop.
Gerbrand's consecration caused friction between him and his metropolitan.
Cnut was forced to concede that he would not appoint bishops in Bremen's archdiocese without the metropolitan's advice.
A later tradition held that Æthelnoth consecrated two Welsh bishops.
One Welsh bishop was consecrated at Llandaff.
One Welsh bishop was consecrated at St. David's.
William of Malmesbury praised Æthelnoth's wisdom.
A story of doubtful authenticity tells how Æthelnoth refused to crown King Harold Harefoot.
Æthelnoth had promised Cnut to crown none but a son of the king by his wife, Emma.
Æthelnoth died on either 28 October, 29 October, 30 October, or 1 November.
Prior to his death, some of Æthelnoth's episcopal functions were performed by a royal priest named Eadsige.
Æthelnoth was buried in Canterbury Cathedral.
Æthelnoth is considered a saint.
Æthelnoth has a feast day of 30 October.
Æthelnoth is listed in Jean Mabillon's Lives of the Benedictine Saints.
Æthelnoth is listed in the Acta Sanctorum.
There is no contemporary evidence of a cult being paid to Æthelnoth at Canterbury.
There is no later evidence of a cult being paid to Æthelnoth elsewhere.