At most three names and one numeric object can be allocated storage. All three names are bound to the same numeric object. A name is a generic reference holder. It is unreasonable to associate a fixed data type with a name. At a given time, a name will be bound to some object. The object will have a type. Dynamic typing exists in Python. The if statement conditionally executes a block of code. The else statement conditionally executes a block of code if the if condition is false. The elif statement is a contraction of else-if. The for statement iterates over an iterable object. The for statement captures each element to a local variable for use by the attached block. The while statement executes a block of code as long as its condition is true. The try statement allows exceptions raised in its attached code block to be caught. The try statement allows exceptions to be handled by except clauses. The try statement ensures that clean-up code in a finally block will always be run. The class statement executes a block of code and attaches its local namespace to a class. The def statement defines a function or method. The with statement encloses a code block within a context manager. The with statement allows Resource Acquisition Is Initialization (RAII)-like behavior. The pass statement serves as a no-operation (NOP). The pass statement is syntactically needed to create an empty code block. The assert statement is used during debugging to check for conditions that ought to apply. The yield statement returns a value from a generator function. Yield is also an operator in Python 2.5. The yield operator is used to implement coroutines. The import statement is used to import modules. The functions or variables of imported modules can be used in the current program. The print statement was changed to the print() function in Python 3. Python does not support tail call optimization. Python does not support first-class continuations. According to Guido van Rossum, Python will never support tail call optimization or first-class continuations. Better support for coroutine-like functionality is provided in Python 2.5. Python 2.5 extended Python's generators. Before Python 2.5, generators were lazy iterators. Information was passed unidirectionally out of the generator before Python 2.5. As of Python 2.5, it is possible to pass information back into a generator function. As of Python 3.3, information can be passed through multiple stack levels.
Some Python expressions are similar to languages such as C and Java. Some Python expressions are not similar to languages such as C and Java. Addition is the same in Python, C, and Java. Subtraction is the same in Python, C, and Java. Multiplication is the same in Python, C, and Java. The behavior of division differs in Python compared to C and Java. Python added the ** operator for exponentiation. As of Python 3.5, Python supports matrix multiplication directly with the @ operator. C and Java implement matrix multiplication as library functions. Earlier versions of Python used methods instead of an infix operator for matrix multiplication. In Python, == compares by value. Java compares numerics by value and objects by reference. Value comparisons in Java on objects can be performed with the equals() method. Python's is operator may be used to compare object identities. Python's is operator performs comparison by reference. In Python, comparisons may be chained. An example of chained comparisons in Python is a <= b <= c. Python uses the words and, or, not for its boolean operators. Python does not use the symbolic &&, ||, ! used in Java and C. Python has a type of expression termed a list comprehension. Python 2.4 extended list comprehensions into a more general expression termed a generator expression. Anonymous functions are implemented using lambda expressions. Lambda expressions are limited in that the body can only be one expression. Conditional expressions in Python are written as x if c else y. The order of operands in Python's conditional expressions differs from the c ? x : y operator common to many other languages. Python makes a distinction between lists and tuples. Lists are written as [1, 2, 3]. Lists are mutable. Lists cannot be used as the keys of dictionaries. Dictionary keys must be immutable in Python. Tuples are written as (1, 2, 3). Tuples are immutable. Tuples can be used as the keys of dictionaries if all elements of the tuple are immutable. The parentheses around the tuple are optional in some contexts. Tuples can appear on the left side of an equal sign. A statement like x, y = y, x can be used to swap two variables. Python has a "string format" operator %. The string format operator functions analogously to printf format strings in C. An example of the string format operator is "spam = %s eggs = %d" % ("blah", 2). In Python 3 and 2.6+, the string format operator was supplemented by the format() method of the str class. An example of the format() method is "spam = {0} eggs = {1}".format("blah", 2). Python has various kinds of string literals. Strings are delimited by single or double quote marks. Single quote marks and double quote marks function identically in Python. Both kinds of string use the backslash (\) as an escape character. There is no implicit string interpolation in Python. Triple-quoted strings begin and end with a series of three single or double quote marks. Triple-quoted strings may span multiple lines. Triple-quoted strings function like here documents in shells, Perl, and Ruby. Raw string varieties are denoted by prefixing the string literal with an r. No escape sequences are interpreted in raw strings. Raw strings are useful where literal backslashes are common. Raw strings are useful in regular expressions and Windows-style paths. Python has array index expressions on lists. Array index expressions are denoted as a[key]. Python has array slicing expressions on lists. Array slicing expressions are denoted as a[start:stop] or a[start:stop:step]. Indexes in Python are zero-based. Negative indexes in Python are relative to the end of the list. Slices take elements from the start index up to, but not including, the stop index. The third slice parameter is called step or stride. The step parameter allows elements to be skipped and reversed. Slice indexes may be omitted in Python. An example of omitted slice indexes is a[:], which returns a copy of the entire list. Each element of a slice is a shallow copy. In Python, a distinction between expressions and statements is rigidly enforced. The rigid enforcement of the distinction leads to duplicating some functionality. An example of duplicated functionality is list comprehensions versus for-loops. An example of duplicated functionality is conditional expressions versus if blocks. An example of duplicated functionality is eval() versus exec() built-in functions. In Python 2, exec is a statement. The eval() function is for expressions. The exec() function is for statements. Statements cannot be a part of an expression in Python. List comprehensions cannot contain statements. Lambda expressions cannot contain statements.