Peter Stuart Isaacson, AM, DFC, AFC, DFM was born on 31 July 1920.
Peter Stuart Isaacson is an Australian publisher.
Peter Stuart Isaacson is a decorated military pilot.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was the owner of Peter Isaacson Publications.
Peter Isaacson Publications published various trade publications and suburban newspapers.
Peter Isaacson Publications included the Southern Cross and the Sunday Observer in Melbourne.
Peter Stuart Isaacson served in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) as a pilot.
Peter Stuart Isaacson served with RAF Bomber Command during World War II.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Air Force Cross.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal.
Peter Stuart Isaacson grew up in Melbourne.
Peter Stuart Isaacson started working for a newspaper when he was sixteen years old.
Peter Stuart Isaacson joined the RAAF in 1940.
Peter Stuart Isaacson became well known in Australia for his tours in the Avro Lancaster Q-for-Queenie.
Peter Stuart Isaacson promoted the sale of war loans.
Peter Stuart Isaacson flew his plane under the Sydney Harbour Bridge in 1943.
Peter Stuart Isaacson transferred to the RAAF Reserve after the war.
Peter Stuart Isaacson retired as a wing commander in 1969.
Peter Stuart Isaacson has served as a Trustee of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance since 1956.
Peter Stuart Isaacson has served as Chairman of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance.
Peter Stuart Isaacson has served as Life Governor of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in 1991.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for his publishing work.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for his community work.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was born in London.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's father was Australian.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's mother was Austrian.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's parents moved to Australia when he was six years old.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was educated at Brighton Grammar School.
Peter Stuart Isaacson started work as a messenger boy on The Age at sixteen.
Caroline, Peter Stuart Isaacson's mother, edited women's features at The Age.
All of Peter Stuart Isaacson's immediate family served in World War II.
Arnold, Peter Stuart Isaacson's father, was a World War I veteran.
Arnold, Peter Stuart Isaacson's father, joined the Volunteer Defence Corps.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's mother became Public Relations Officer in the Australian Women's Army Service (AWAS).
Joan, Peter Stuart Isaacson's sister, became a photographer with the AWAS.
Peter Stuart Isaacson enlisted in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) on 8 December 1940.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was nineteen years old when he enlisted in the RAAF.
Peter Stuart Isaacson completed his training in Australia and Canada.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was posted to the United Kingdom.
Peter Stuart Isaacson joined No. 460 Squadron RAAF at RAAF Breighton, Yorkshire.
Peter Stuart Isaacson served as a sergeant pilot in No. 460 Squadron RAAF.
No. 460 Squadron operated Vickers Wellington medium bombers.
No. 460 Squadron was raised under the Article XV provisions of the Empire Air Training Scheme.
No. 460 Squadron participated in RAF Bomber Command's strategic air campaign against Germany.
No. 460 Squadron commenced operations in March 1942.
No. 460 Squadron participated in 1,000-bomber raids against Cologne, Essen, and Bremen in May and June.
No. 460 Squadron converted to Avro Lancaster heavy bombers in October.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal on 6 November 1942.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal for many successful night attacks on the enemy.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's Lancaster was damaged by a Junkers Ju 88 night fighter after a raid on Munich.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was commissioned as a pilot officer.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was subsequently posted to No. 156 Squadron RAF of the Pathfinder Force.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was based at RAF Warboys, Huntingdonshire.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 30 March 1943.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his actions during a raid on Berlin.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was hit by anti-aircraft fire during the attack on Berlin.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was severely damaged during the attack on Berlin.
The mid-upper turret frame of Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was twisted.
The perspex and two engine cowlings of Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft were blown off.
The aileron controls of Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft were damaged.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was forced down to 4,000 feet.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was driven off the route and held in a cone of searchlights for 15 minutes.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft lost height down to 900 feet during the return journey.
Peter Stuart Isaacson showed coolness, resolution, and skillful airmanship while flying his aircraft back to base.
Peter Stuart Isaacson completed forty-five sorties with Bomber Command.
The likelihood of surviving an operational tour of thirty missions was never more than 50%.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was promoted to acting flight lieutenant.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was chosen in May 1943 to captain Lancaster Q-for-Queenie.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's landmark flight was from England to Australia across the Pacific Ocean.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's landmark flight included a non-stop flight from Melbourne to New Zealand and back.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Air Force Cross on 27 August 1943 for his landmark flight.
The citation for Peter Stuart Isaacson's Air Force Cross noted that it was the first occasion on which an aircraft has flown to Australia by this route.
The direct flights between Melbourne and New Zealand are the first of their kind.
The Lancaster was brought to Australia to serve as a template for local production of the type.
The Lancaster was instead used for exhibition flights to encourage the purchase of war bonds.
Peter Stuart Isaacson flew Q-for-Queenie under the Sydney Harbour Bridge on 22 October 1943.
A 1931 regulation prohibited flying under the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
The Lancaster remains the largest aircraft to have been flown under the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
Peter Stuart Isaacson gave his crew no warning of what he was about to do.
Peter Stuart Isaacson replied "Because it was there" when asked why he flew under the bridge.
Peter Stuart Isaacson undertook the stunt to support the war loan effort.
Peter Stuart Isaacson and his crew were actively fundraising for the war loan effort.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was threatened with a court martial after landing at Mascot.
Two authorities wanted to court martial Peter Stuart Isaacson.
Eastern Area wanted to court martial Peter Stuart Isaacson.
Southern Command wanted to court martial Peter Stuart Isaacson.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was told there was a great fight among the bureaucrats of Eastern Area and Southern Command.
The bureaucrats could not agree on which command should be the prosecutor.
The idea of court martial either lapsed or may still be pursued by the successors to each of these commands.
In December 1943, Peter Stuart Isaacson settled down to instructional work at an operational training unit.
Peter Stuart Isaacson undertook a further tour in the Lancaster commencing in March 1944.
Peter Stuart Isaacson stood as the Liberal candidate for Prahran in the November 1945 Victorian state election.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was defeated by Labor's Bill Quirk in the November 1945 Victorian state election.
Peter Stuart Isaacson's wartime commission was terminated on 21 February 1946.
Peter Stuart Isaacson transferred to the RAAF Reserve after his commission was terminated.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was state commandant of the Victorian Squadron of the Air Training Corps from 1950.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was commandant of No. 21 (City of Melbourne) Squadron from 1961.
Peter Stuart Isaacson retired in 1969 with the rank of wing commander.
Peter Stuart Isaacson served as an honorary aide-de-camp to Queen Elizabeth II from 1963 to 1965.
Peter Stuart Isaacson worked as an aviation correspondent for The Argus in Melbourne.
Peter Stuart Isaacson set up his first newspaper, the Advertiser, in 1947.
Peter Stuart Isaacson established Peter Isaacson Publications in 1947.
The Advertiser took over other community newspapers.
The Advertiser became the Southern Cross.
Peter Stuart Isaacson edited and published the Southern Cross.
Peter Stuart Isaacson edited and published the Sunday Observer.
Peter Stuart Isaacson published various business and industry magazines.
Peter Isaacson Publications took over the Asher Joel Media Group in 1986.
Southern Cross was bought by APN News & Media in 1993.
Peter Stuart Isaacson became APN News & Media's director.
Peter Stuart Isaacson served as APN News & Media's director until 1998.
Peter Stuart Isaacson chaired TW Media from 1997 to 2005.
Peter Stuart Isaacson married Anne McIntyre in Melbourne on 21 December 1950.
Peter Stuart Isaacson and Anne McIntyre had known each other since their teens.
Peter Stuart Isaacson and Anne McIntyre delayed their wedding during Anne McIntyre's five-year struggle with polio.
Peter Stuart Isaacson carried Anne McIntyre to the registry office on their wedding day.
Peter Stuart Isaacson and Anne McIntyre's marriage produced two sons.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia on 10 June 1991.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for services to the print media.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for services to the community.
Peter Stuart Isaacson published "As I Remember Them: Men and Women Who Shaped a Life" in 2012.
"As I Remember Them: Men and Women Who Shaped a Life" is a collection of eulogies Peter Stuart Isaacson delivered for friends and colleagues.
Peter Stuart Isaacson was among a group of thirty-two veterans selected to attend the dedication of the RAF Bomber Command Memorial in London in May 2012.
Peter Stuart Isaacson attended the dedication as part of the official Australian delegation.
Peter Stuart Isaacson is a Life Governor of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance.
Peter Stuart Isaacson served as a Trustee of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance from 1956 to 2000.
Peter Stuart Isaacson served as Chairman of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance from 1983 to 2000.
Peter Stuart Isaacson and Anne McIntyre live in the Melbourne suburb of Toorak.