Njai Dasima is a 1932 film from the Dutch East Indies.
Njai Dasima is now known as Indonesia.
Bachtiar Effendi directed Njai Dasima for Tan's Film.
Njai Dasima is the second film adapted from G. Francis' 1896 novel Tjerita Njai Dasima.
A silent version of Tjerita Njai Dasima was released in 1929.
Momo starred in Njai Dasima.
Oesman starred in Njai Dasima.
Njai Dasima follows a young Sundanese njai.
The young Sundanese njai is tricked into marrying a man who does not love her.
The young Sundanese njai is ultimately killed for her money.
Njai Dasima is the first talkie produced by Tan's Film.
Njai Dasima is the first film directed by a native Indonesian.
The now-lost work received mixed critical reception.
Dasima is a njai for the Englishman Edward William.
Dasima and Edward William have a daughter named Nancy.
Dasima and Edward William live in a home near Gambir Square in Batavia.
Batavia is now known as Jakarta.
Dasima's happy life is disturbed after the delman driver Samioen falls in love with Dasima.
Samioen is already married to Hajati.
Samioen attempts to use magic to win Dasima's heart.
Samioen asks an egg merchant named Mak Boejoeng to frighten Dasima.
Mak Boejoeng tells Dasima that she has committed the sin of zina.
Samioen eventually succeeds in winning Dasima's heart.
Dasima goes to live with Samioen and Hajati.
Dasima takes her gold and jewels when she goes to live with Samioen and Hajati.
Hajati has agreed to let Samioen take a second wife.
Hajati wants Dasima's money for gambling.
Dasima realizes that she has been tricked.
Dasima begins to keep a close eye on her remaining wealth.
Samioen calls the thug Poeasa to help him take all of Dasima's remaining funds.
Samioen and Poeasa plan to kill Dasima.
Samioen and Poeasa accost Dasima one night.
Samioen and Poeasa kill Dasima.
Samioen and Poeasa throw Dasima's body off a bridge.
Samioen and Poeasa are later caught for their crime.
Samioen and Poeasa are sentenced to hang for their crime.
Njai Dasima was directed by Bachtiar Effendi for Tan's Film.
Tan's Film is a production company owned by the Tan brothers.
Bachtiar Effendi became the first native Indonesian film director in the Indies.
The story of Njai Dasima was adapted from G. Francis' 1896 novel Tjerita Njai Dasima.
Tan's Film had already adapted Tjerita Njai Dasima in 1929.
The story of Tjerita Njai Dasima was well known in Batavia.
The story was popular among stage performers.
Effendi worked with a scenario and shooting script for Njai Dasima.
The scenario and shooting script had never been used for a domestic production until Njai Dasima.
Njai Dasima is the first sound film released by Tan's Film.
The earliest sound films released in the Indies were Fox Movietone Follies of 1929 and The Rainbow Man.
Fox Movietone Follies of 1929 and The Rainbow Man were both shown in 1929.
A domestic part-talkie named G. Krugers' Karnadi Anemer Bangkong was released the following year.
Karnadi Anemer Bangkong became the first domestic sound film.
Two other directors followed with full-talkies in 1931.
The Teng Chun directed Boenga Roos dari Tjikembang.
The Wong brothers directed Indonesia Malaise.
Tan's Film hired Krugers and his single-system camera for cinematography and sound direction.
Njai Dasima is a black-and-white film.
Njai Dasima was released in January 1932.
Njai Dasima was advertised as a "speaking, singing, dancing, and music talkie."
Njai Dasima was open to audiences of all ages.
Njai Dasima was open to children.
Critical reviews of Njai Dasima were mixed.
One newspaper editorial noted that pamphlets described Njai Dasima as "a hundred times better than Huwen op Bevel."
The newspaper editorial was scornful of the claim about Njai Dasima.
The newspaper editorial stated that the claim had very little validity.
The quality of native films so far are described as rubbish in the newspaper editorial.
The review indicated numerous shortcomings in the selection of music.
The review indicated shortcomings in the cinematography.
The review concluded that Njai Dasima represented progress overall.
The review praised the actor who played Poeasa.
The review noted a distinct lack of scenes unrelated to the plot in Njai Dasima.
Armijn Pane wrote a reflective review of Njai Dasima in 1950.
Armijn Pane wrote that the quality of Njai Dasima was overall quite good.
Bachtiar Effendi did not direct another film until 1951.
Bachtiar Effendi directed Djiwa Pemuda in 1951.
Andjar Asmara began his career as a native film director in 1940.
Andjar Asmara directed Kartinah in 1940.
Tan's Film shut down production soon after Njai Dasima's release.
Tan's Film was eventually reestablished in 1938.
Tan's Film was permanently shut down in 1942.
Tan's Film was permanently shut down due to the Japanese occupation of the Indies.
The film Njai Dasima is likely lost.
Karl G. Heider writes that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost.
JB Kristanto's Katalog Film Indonesia records several Indonesian films as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives.
Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.