The 138th Boat Race took place on 4 April 1992.
The Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
The Boat Race is held annually.
The Boat Race takes place along the River Thames.
Oxford's cox Andrew Probert was the oldest competitor in Boat Race history at the age of 38 years and 86 days.
Oxford won the 138th Boat Race by one-and-a-quarter lengths.
The closest margin of victory for twenty years was in the 138th Boat Race.
The 138th Boat Race featured the first German competitor in the history of the event.
Dirk Bangert was the first German competitor in the history of the Boat Race.
Roger Stephens was the umpire of the 138th Boat Race.
Mike Rosewell wrote in The Times that the 138th Boat Race was "one of the greatest races since 1829."
Cambridge's Goldie defeated Oxford's Isis in the reserve race.
Cambridge won the Women's Boat Race in 1992.
The Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing competition between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
The Boat Race was first held in 1829.
The Boat Race takes place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course.
The Championship Course is located on the River Thames in southwest London.
The rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge is a "hotly contested point of honour."
The Boat Race is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
The Boat Race is broadcast on several international television networks.
Oxford went into the 138th Boat Race as reigning champions.
Oxford won the 1991 Boat Race by four-and-a-quarter lengths.
Cambridge leads overall with 69 victories in the Boat Race.
Oxford has 67 victories in the Boat Race, excluding the "dead heat" of 1877.
The first Women's Boat Race took place in 1927.
The Women's Boat Race did not become an annual fixture until the 1960s.
The Women's Boat Race was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races until 2014.
The Women's Boat Race has been held on the River Thames since the 2015 race.
The Women's Boat Race is held on the same day as the men's main and reserve races.
The reserve race has been contested between Oxford's Isis boat and Cambridge's Goldie boat since 1965.
The reserve race usually takes place on the Tideway prior to the main Boat Race.
Max Justicz is the President of the Cambridge University Boat Club.
Max Justicz said of the previous year's race that "we were burned on that day."
Max Justicz described the previous year's defeat as "worse than other defeats because we thought we could win."
Nick Clarry is a crew mate of Max Justicz.
Nick Clarry focused on the approach to the 138th Boat Race.
Nick Clarry stated that "if we don't cross the line first on the day, nobody could care less who we are."
Beefeater Gin sponsored the 138th Boat Race.
Beefeater Gin announced a £1 million deal prior to the 138th Boat Race.
Beefeater Gin's deal is to continue their close involvement for a further three years.
Andrew Probert, Cambridge's cox, was aged 38 years and 3 months.
Andrew Probert was the oldest competitor in the history of the Boat Race.
Oxford's crew featured four returning Blues.
Oxford's crew featured two former Isis crew members.
Cambridge's crew saw three old Blues participate.
The Oxford boat was made up of five Britons, an Australian, an American, and a Yugoslav.
Cambridge was represented by seven Britons, an American, and Dirk Bangert.
Dirk Bangert is the first German to participate in the Boat Race.
Oxford's crew was coached by Steve Royle and Patrick Sweeney.
Oxford's crew was assisted by former East Germany Olympic coach Jürgen Gröbler.
Cambridge's crew was guided by John Wilson.
John Wilson was Oxford's successful coach of 1991.
Bert Green provided advice to the Oxford cox.
Jim Cobb provided advice to the Cambridge cox.
The 138th Boat Race commenced at 2:35 pm.
Oxford won the toss and elected to start from the Middlesex station.
The boats raced side-by-side for the first three-and-a-half miles of the race.
For fourteen minutes, neither crew held a lead of more than half-a-length over the other.
Umpire Roger Stephens issued warnings to both coxes for steering too close to one another.
The Dark Blues held a slight early advantage in the race.
Cambridge pulled ahead at Hammersmith Bridge.
Oxford edged ahead at Barnes Bridge.
Oxford passed the finishing post in a time of 17 minutes and 44 seconds.
Oxford finished one-and-a-quarter lengths ahead of Cambridge.
The 138th Boat Race had the closest finish in the last 20 years.
Boris Mavra, Oxford's Yugoslav rower, had to be lifted from the boat at the end of the race.
The Beefeater Gin Trophy was presented to the winning boat club president by Raymond Seitz.
Cambridge's Goldie won the reserve race by three-and-a-quarter lengths over Isis.
Cambridge's Goldie achieved their fifth victory in six years in the reserve race.
Cambridge won the 47th Women's Boat Race by one-third of a length.
Cambridge completed the 47th Women's Boat Race in a time of 6 minutes and 20 seconds.
Cambridge achieved their third victory in four years in the Women's Boat Race.
Mike Rosewell complimented all of the race participants in The Times.
Daniel Topolski described Oxford's win as "scintillating."
Daniel Topolski noted that the crews were "locked in combat for fully three and a half miles."
Christopher Dodd suggested that "the promise was delivered; a rare race."
Peter Bridge is Oxford's number five and a Great Britain international.
Peter Bridge noted Jürgen Gröbler's impact on the crew.
Peter Bridge stated that "we really felt the strength that we had built up over six months under Jürgen's methods."
Peter Bridge said that Cambridge was slower off the start than expected.
Steve Fowler is Cambridge's number seven.
Steve Fowler said that "we were feeling good but we should have closed the door there and then."
Steve Fowler stated that "we should have killed them on the bend."
Cambridge cox Andrew Probert conceded to his counterpart Liz Chick that "she steered very well."
Oxford coach Jürgen Gröbler stated that "it was wonderful."
Jürgen Gröbler said that "both crews... were very good — and so disciplined."
Jürgen Gröbler expressed that he likes university students.
Cambridge coach John Wilson lamented that "we failed to capitalise at Hammersmith."
John Wilson stated that "they grew in confidence thereafter."