The Ash Garden is a novel written by Canadian author Dennis Bock.
The Ash Garden was published in 2001.
The Ash Garden is Dennis Bock's first novel.
Dennis Bock published a collection of short stories called Olympia in 1998.
The Ash Garden follows the stories of three main characters affected by World War Two.
The three main characters in The Ash Garden are Hiroshima bombing victim Emiko, German nuclear physicist Anton Böll, and Austrian-Jewish refugee Sophie Böll.
The narrative of The Ash Garden is non-linear.
The narrative of The Ash Garden jumps between different times and places.
The point of view in The Ash Garden alternates between the characters.
Emiko's story in The Ash Garden is written in the first person.
Anton Böll's story in The Ash Garden is written in the third person.
Sophie Böll's story in The Ash Garden is written in the third person.
Dennis Bock took several years to write The Ash Garden.
Dennis Bock rewrote several drafts of The Ash Garden.
The Ash Garden was published in August 2001.
The Ash Garden was published by HarperCollins in Canada.
The Ash Garden was published by Alfred A. Knopf in the USA.
The Ash Garden was published by Bloomsbury in the UK.
Critics gave The Ash Garden mostly positive reviews.
The Ash Garden became a best-seller in Canada.
The Ash Garden was nominated for the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
The Ash Garden was nominated for the Books in Canada First Novel Award.
The Ash Garden was nominated for the Kiriyama Prize.
The Ash Garden has been analyzed in several literature journals.
Canadian Ethnic Studies noted the similarities between the character Emiko and the Hiroshima Maidens.
At the time of publication, Dennis Bock was 36 years old.
Dennis Bock was living in Toronto at the time of publication.
Dennis Bock had previously published a book of short stories called Olympia.
Dennis Bock struggled with the project that would become The Ash Garden.
Doubleday Canada originally owned the rights to The Ash Garden.
Dennis Bock withdrew The Ash Garden from Doubleday.
Dennis Bock cited a difference of opinion between himself and the editor as the reason for withdrawal.
Dennis Bock wrote two drafts of The Ash Garden.
One draft of The Ash Garden had the main character as an art historian involved in art theft and looting during World War II.
The working title of the draft was A Man of Principle.
Dennis Bock gave the draft to editor Phyllis Bruce in 1999.
Dennis Bock sold the draft to Knopf for US $250,000.
Dennis Bock rewrote most of The Ash Garden with the help of Phyllis Bruce.
Dennis Bock rewrote most of The Ash Garden with the help of Gary Fisketjon.
Dennis Bock rewrote most of The Ash Garden with the help of Liz Calder.
Liz Calder published The Ash Garden in the UK.
The narrative of The Ash Garden alternates between three characters.
The narrative of The Ash Garden takes place around the fiftieth anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima.
The back story of each character in The Ash Garden is told.
Emiko was a small girl living in Hiroshima during World War II.
Emiko lived in Hiroshima with her parents, younger brother, and grandfather during World War II.
Emiko's parents died following the atomic bombing.
Emiko and her brother recovered in a hospital after the atomic bombing.
Emiko's grandfather cared for patients in the hospital.
Emiko's brother died following the atomic bombing.
Emiko traveled to the United States as part of a group of girls receiving reconstructive surgery.
The American media took an interest in the girls traveling to the United States.
Emiko appeared on an episode of This Is Your Life.
Emiko thanked the American audience for bringing her to the United States.
Emiko later became a documentary filmmaker.
In 1995, Emiko approached Anton Böll to be part of a new project.
Anton Böll was a scientist in Nazi Germany.
Anton Böll was recruited by the United States.
Anton Böll fled via France, Spain, and Portugal.
Anton Böll became a part of the Manhattan Project.
Anton Böll witnessed the tests of the atomic bombs.
Anton Böll traveled to Hiroshima recording the aftermath of the atomic bombing.
Anton Böll regrets the consequences of the atomic bombs.
Anton Böll attended the Pugwash Conference.
Anton Böll maintains his belief that the atomic bombs were necessary to end the war.
Anton Böll believes the atomic bombs prevented more deaths.
Anton Böll married Sophie Böll.
Anton Böll became a professor at Columbia University in New York.
Anton Böll retired to a small town outside of Toronto with Sophie Böll.
Sophie Böll's Jewish parents sent her away from Austria as World War II was beginning.
Sophie Böll was on board the MS St. Louis when it was turned away from Cuba.
The MS St. Louis was sent to the United Kingdom.
Sophie Böll was living in a refugee camp in Canada when she met Anton Böll.
Sophie Böll was diagnosed with lupus.
Sophie Böll took up gardening.
Sophie Böll planned elaborate landscapes every year.
In 1995, Sophie Böll refused further medical treatments.
Sophie Böll succumbed to lupus with Anton Böll by her side.
After Sophie Böll's funeral, Anton Böll revealed to Emiko the extent of his involvement in Emiko's life.
Anton Böll first met Emiko while volunteering at the hospital where Emiko's grandfather was working.
Anton Böll ensured that Emiko was on the list of girls to get reconstructive surgery.
Anton Böll secretly filmed Emiko at memorial events.
Anton Böll had been waiting for Emiko to find him.
The portions of The Ash Garden that follow the character Emiko Amai are written as a first-person narrative.
The portions of The Ash Garden that follow Sophie Böll and Anton Böll use the third person.
The tone of The Ash Garden was described as disturbingly calm.
The central theme of The Ash Garden is identity.
The central theme of The Ash Garden is attempts to find solace.
Dennis Bock states that all three of the main characters in The Ash Garden are refugees.
Dennis Bock states that the main characters in The Ash Garden do not belong anywhere.
Dennis Bock states that each main character in The Ash Garden has a desperate search for home.
Pico Iyer compares The Ash Garden with Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient.
Pico Iyer describes The English Patient as a book that ends where The Ash Garden begins.
An essay in Canadian Ethnic Studies looked at The Ash Garden from a Japanese historical perspective.
The essay in Canadian Ethnic Studies found strong similarities between the real-life Hiroshima Maiden Shigeko and the character Emiko.
The essay in Canadian Ethnic Studies noted that The Ash Garden was not a roman à clef.
The book The Ash Garden was released as a hardcover on August 25, 2001.
The book The Ash Garden was published by HarperCollins in Canada.
The book The Ash Garden was published by Alfred A. Knopf in the United States.
The book The Ash Garden was published by Bloomsbury in the United Kingdom.
Knopf ordered an initial print run of 60,000 copies of The Ash Garden.
The Ash Garden debuted at the #2 spot on the Maclean's fiction bestseller list.
The Ash Garden peaked at #1 on the Maclean's fiction bestseller list in late September and early October.
The Ash Garden was translated and published in multiple languages.
The Ash Garden was translated and published in Japanese.
The Ash Garden was translated and published in German.
The Ash Garden was a finalist for the 2001 Books in Canada First Novel Award.
The Ash Garden was a finalist for the Kiriyama Prize.
The Kiriyama Prize is an international literary award for promoting greater understanding of the Pacific Rim and South Asia.
The Ash Garden was nominated by the Vancouver Public Library for the 2003 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
The Ash Garden was nominated by the Bergen Public Library for the 2003 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
Brian T. Bennett wrote in Time that The Ash Garden may not be a page-turner.
Brian T. Bennett wrote in Time that Dennis Bock's prose lures the reader along through smooth, sculpted sentences.
Brian T. Bennett wrote in Time that The Ash Garden is full of rich detail and subtle meditation.
Brian Bethune wrote in Maclean's magazine that The Ash Garden is intellectually engaging.
Brian Bethune wrote in Maclean's magazine that The Ash Garden is beautifully written.
Brian Bethune wrote in Maclean's magazine that The Ash Garden is powered by three memorable characters.
Brian Bethune wrote in Maclean's magazine that The Ash Garden will seduce anyone who reads it.
Ron Charles wrote in the Christian Science Monitor that Bock moves back and forth through time in The Ash Garden.
Ron Charles wrote in the Christian Science Monitor that Bock describes a series of exquisite scenes in The Ash Garden.
Ron Charles wrote in the Christian Science Monitor that Bock always keeps his vision tightly focused in The Ash Garden.
Ron Charles wrote in the Christian Science Monitor that The Ash Garden is compelling and disturbing due to its emotional restraint.
A review in Quill & Quire said that Bock's writing is both dense and immensely readable.
A review in Library Journal highly recommended The Ash Garden.
A reviewer in Books in Canada highlighted that on occasions, the prose of The Ash Garden turns mannered.
A reviewer in Books in Canada noted that clichés pop up in The Ash Garden.
W. P. Kinsella called The Ash Garden a brilliant novel.
W. P. Kinsella called The Ash Garden a spellbinding adventure in reading.
A Japanese review in the Yomiuri Shimbun noted something inaccessible about all three characters in The Ash Garden.
The Japanese review in the Yomiuri Shimbun stated that the three characters in The Ash Garden are as remote to each other as they are to the reader.
The Japanese review in the Yomiuri Shimbun stated that the three characters in The Ash Garden are never truly empathetic.
The review in The New York Times by literary critic Michiko Kakutani called The Ash Garden an elegant, unnerving novel.
Michiko Kakutani stated that Dennis Bock tries too hard to underscore the links between characters' experiences in The Ash Garden.
The review in The Sunday Telegraph found The Ash Garden is badly let down by its form.
The review in The Sunday Telegraph described The Ash Garden as a split-time-scale narrative.
The review in The Sunday Telegraph stated that The Ash Garden is significantly short of narrative dynamism.
Amanda Craig concluded that The Ash Garden reads as the work of a young writer who is straining with too much effort.