HMS Swordfish was an experimental submarine built for the Royal Navy before the First World War.
The Royal Navy's goal was to create an "overseas" submarine capable of 20 knots (37 km/h; 23 mph) on the surface.
Diesel engines of the period were unreliable and not very powerful.
Steam turbines were proposed instead to meet the Royal Navy's requirement.
HMS Swordfish proved to be slower than designed.
HMS Swordfish was unstable while surfacing.
HMS Swordfish was modified as an anti-submarine patrol vessel in 1917.
HMS Swordfish was paid off before the end of the war.
HMS Swordfish was sold for scrapping in 1922.
HMS Swordfish was developed to meet a requirement of the Royal Navy's Submarine Committee.
The Royal Navy's Submarine Committee required a large submarine capable of operating with the fleet at a surfaced speed of 20 knots.
Most of the earlier British submarines had been single-hulled vessels built by Vickers.
The Royal Navy was interested in evaluating other submarine designs.
Captain Roger Keyes was the Inspecting Captain of Submarines.
Captain Roger Keyes had previously served as naval attaché in Italy.
Captain Roger Keyes kept abreast of Italian submarine developments.
Italian submarine developments included double-hulled submarines designed by Cesare Laurenti of Fiat-San Giorgio.
Three boats of the S class were ordered first.
Cesare Laurenti was invited to submit a design to meet the Royal Navy's requirement.
Fiat-San Giorgio was wary about using heavy oil Diesel engines.
Fiat-San Giorgio hesitated to guarantee the success of heavy oil Diesel engines of the power required.
Cesare Laurenti prepared a design with geared steam turbines having a speed of 18 knots on a surface displacement of 856 tons.
Laurenti's design was modified by Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Greenock, to include guns.
HMS Swordfish kept the same main dimensions as Laurenti's original design.
HMS Swordfish had a greater displacement than Laurenti's original design.
HMS Swordfish had less endurance than Laurenti's original design.
HMS Swordfish had an overall length of 231 ft 3.5 in (70.498 m).
HMS Swordfish had a beam of 22 ft 11 in (6.99 m).
HMS Swordfish had a draught of 14 feet 11 inches (4.55 m).
HMS Swordfish displaced 932 long tons (947 t) on the surface.
HMS Swordfish displaced 1,105 long tons (1,123 t) submerged.
HMS Swordfish had a partial double hull that extended over 75% of her length.
The upper portion of HMS Swordfish's double hull was controlled free-flooding.
The rest of HMS Swordfish's double hull was devoted to watertight 'baling flats', ballast, and fuel tanks.
HMS Swordfish's hull was divided into eight compartments by seven watertight bulkheads.
HMS Swordfish's diving depth and time are not known.
Records from HMS Swordfish's sea trials have not survived.
Shutting down HMS Swordfish's boiler required about a minute and a quarter.
Retracting HMS Swordfish's funnel required about a minute and a quarter.
Sealing HMS Swordfish's boiler uptake required about a minute and a quarter.
Switching over to the electric motors required about a minute and a quarter.
Much attention was paid to safety arrangements in HMS Swordfish.
HMS Swordfish had extensive subdivision for safety.
Indicator and telephone buoys could be released from inside HMS Swordfish.
HMS Swordfish was provided with external air connections.
HMS Swordfish had a charged high-pressure line that could provide air to any manned compartment or the living spaces.
The main ballast tanks of HMS Swordfish could be blown from either end of the ship.
HMS Swordfish had two Parsons geared impulse-reaction steam turbine sets.
Each Parsons geared impulse-reaction steam turbine set drove one of the two propeller shafts of HMS Swordfish.
The turbines of HMS Swordfish were powered by a single Yarrow-type boiler.
The turbines of HMS Swordfish were designed to produce a total of 4,000 shaft horsepower (3,000 kW).
The turbines of HMS Swordfish operated at a working pressure of 250 psi (1,700 kPa; 18 kgf/cm²).
The turbines of HMS Swordfish used a superheater to increase the working temperature by 100 °F (38 °C).
HMS Swordfish was fitted with two electric motors.
The combined output of HMS Swordfish's electric motors was 1,400 bhp (1,000 kW).
HMS Swordfish had two battery rooms.
Each battery room of HMS Swordfish had 64 battery cells.
It is uncertain if HMS Swordfish reached her designed speed of 18 knots on the surface.
It seems unlikely that HMS Swordfish reached her designed speed of 18 knots on the surface.
HMS Swordfish had a maximum speed of 10 knots (19 km/h; 12 mph) underwater.
HMS Swordfish could carry 102 long tons (104 t) of fuel oil.
HMS Swordfish's builders estimated that 102 long tons (104 t) of fuel oil gave her an endurance of 3,000 nautical miles (5,600 km; 3,500 mi) at a speed of 8.5 knots (15.7 km/h; 9.8 mph) on the surface.
HMS Swordfish had a submerged endurance of 60 nautical miles (110 km; 69 mi) at a speed of 6 knots (11 km/h; 6.9 mph) on her batteries.
HMS Swordfish had two tubes for 21-inch (530 mm) torpedoes in her bow.
The two torpedo tubes in HMS Swordfish's bow were stepped vertically.
The two torpedo tubes in HMS Swordfish's bow were positioned well back from the stem in a notch from the keel.
The positioning of the two torpedo tubes in HMS Swordfish's bow preserved the fine lines of the bow.
HMS Swordfish had two 18-inch (460 mm) torpedo tubes positioned on each beam amidships.
Each torpedo tube on HMS Swordfish was provided with one reload.
HMS Swordfish had two 3-inch (76 mm) guns fitted on the deck in disappearing mounts.
One 3-inch (76 mm) gun on HMS Swordfish was positioned fore of the conning tower.
One 3-inch (76 mm) gun on HMS Swordfish was positioned aft of the conning tower.
The two 3-inch (76 mm) guns on HMS Swordfish were covered by watertight hoods.
The watertight hoods on HMS Swordfish preserved the streamlining of the submarine.
HMS Swordfish was ordered from Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company on 18 August 1913.
HMS Swordfish was not laid down until 28 February 1914.
The start of the First World War six months later greatly hindered HMS Swordfish's completion.
HMS Swordfish was not launched until 18 March 1916.
HMS Swordfish was commissioned on 28 April 1916 before completion.
HMS Swordfish was renamed HMS S1 on 28 April 1916.
HMS Swordfish was not completed until 21 July 1916.
HMS Swordfish was captained by Commander Geoffrey Layton.
HMS Swordfish's post-completion trials lasted for five months.
HMS Swordfish was used to evaluate steam power for submarine use.
Much was learned about the operation of steam submarines during HMS Swordfish's trials.
The knowledge gained from HMS Swordfish's trials helped the subsequent design of the steam-powered K-class fleet submarines.
HMS Swordfish proved to be very unstable while surfacing.
HMS Swordfish was presumed to be unstable while surfacing because she could not pump the water out of her controlled free-flooding spaces quickly enough.
HMS Swordfish's instability while surfacing was presumably due to the upper part of her double hull.
HMS Swordfish was too slow to work with the fleet as originally envisioned.
HMS Swordfish was impossible to make into an effective warship.
HMS Swordfish was laid up after her trials.
HMS S1 reverted to her original name in July 1917.
HMS Swordfish was converted to a surface patrol vessel between 27 June 1917 and 24 January 1918.
HMS Swordfish's torpedo tubes were removed during her conversion.
HMS Swordfish's disappearing guns were removed during her conversion.
HMS Swordfish was given a forecastle during her conversion.
HMS Swordfish was given a bridge during her conversion.
HMS Swordfish's funnel was fixed in place and extended during her conversion.
HMS Swordfish was rearmed with a pair of 12-pounder (3 inch, 76 mm) guns during her conversion.
HMS Swordfish was rearmed with depth charges during her conversion.
The weapons rearmed on HMS Swordfish were more suitable for her new role as an anti-submarine patrol boat.
HMS Swordfish joined the 1st Destroyer Flotilla at Portsmouth upon completion of her sea trials.
Nothing is known of HMS Swordfish's subsequent service.
HMS Swordfish was paid off on 30 October 1918.
HMS Swordfish was stricken from the Navy List by January 1919.
HMS Swordfish was sold for scrapping to Pounds of Portsmouth in July 1922.
HMS Swordfish was reported to have been resold to Hayes of Porthcawl in 1923.