"Dive" is a song recorded by American recording artist Usher for his seventh studio album Looking 4 Myself (2012).
"Dive" was written and produced by Rico Love, Jim Jonsin, Danny Morris, and Frank Romano.
"Dive" is a slow-paced R&B ballad with elements of pop music.
Usher makes use of his falsetto range in "Dive."
The lyrics of "Dive" use the metaphor of diving.
Critics interpreted the metaphor of diving in "Dive" to discuss a commitment to a relationship.
Usher announced "Dive" as the fifth single from Looking 4 Myself via Twitter on August 21, 2012.
"Dive" was released to urban radio on August 28, 2012.
"Dive" was received well by critics.
Critics praised the production of "Dive."
Critics praised Usher's vocals in "Dive."
Critics particularly praised Usher's falsetto in "Dive."
An accompanying music video for "Dive" was directed by Chris Applebaum.
The music video for "Dive" portrays Victoria's Secret Angel model Chanel Iman as Usher's love interest.
The music video for "Dive" shows Usher and Chanel Iman being intimate in several scenes.
"Dive" debuted at number 50 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart.
"Dive" had sales of 6,546 digital copies upon its debut.
"Dive" peaked at number 34 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
"Dive" remained on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for twelve weeks before dropping out.
The track "Dive" runs for a length of three minutes and 47 seconds.
Billboard's Erika Ramirez described Usher's falsetto in "Dive" as "soulful."
Chuck Arnold of People complimented Usher's falsetto on both "Dive" and lead single "Climax."
Chuck Arnold stated that "Dive" and "Climax" show that Usher is a "better singer than ever."
Matt Cibula of PopMatters wrote that "Dive" contains a triple entendre in its lyrics.
Matt Cibula stated that "Dive" seems to sing about diving or oral sex.
Matt Cibula wrote that the real discussion in "Dive" is commitment to a relationship.
Trent Fitzgerald of PopCrush perceived that the lyrics of "Dive" metaphorically compare love to the crashing waters of the ocean.
Carrie Battan of Pitchfork interpreted the lyrics of "Dive" as "explicit."
Carrie Battan suggested that the explicit lyrics of "Dive" might make listeners cringe if they came from anyone else.
The line "It's raining inside your bed / No parts are dry / Lovin' made you so wet / Your Legs / Your thighs" is part of the lyrics of "Dive."
"Dive" received universally positive acclaim from music critics.
DJ Booth described the production of "Dive" as "sultry."
DJ Booth noted "Dive" as a potential hit for Usher.
Erika Ramirez of Billboard saw "Dive" as a success.
Erika Ramirez wrote that "Dive" is "slower and more sensual" than Kelly Rowland's "Motivation" (2011).
Erika Ramirez praised Usher's vocals in "Dive."
Brad Wete of Complex perceived "Dive" as a "sexy slow-winding cut."
Brad Wete stated that "Dive" is powered by Usher's falsetto.
Ryan Hadfield of Consequence of Sound praised Usher's vocals in "Dive."
Ryan Hadfield stated that "Dive" and lead single "Climax" show Usher's superior R&B vocal range.
Carrie Battan of Pitchfork wrote that Usher's vocal mastery allows him to turn the chorus of "Dive" into something more specific.
Carrie Battan viewed the chorus of "Dive" as "cornball."
Matt Cibula of PopMatters saw the lyrics of "Dive" as "clever" for incorporating a triple entendre.
Matt Cibula lauded Usher's falsetto in "Dive."
Matt Cibula wrote that Usher sings in an "urgent" whisper in "Dive."
The music video for "Dive" was filmed in July 2012.
The music video for "Dive" was released to VEVO on August 25, 2012.
Chanel Iman plays Usher's love interest in the music video for "Dive."
The music video for "Dive" is set on a luxury yacht in the open sea.
The music video for "Dive" begins with Usher talking.
The music video for "Dive" shows Usher singing the first verse.
The music video for "Dive" intercuts to Chanel Iman.
The music video for "Dive" shows Usher and Chanel Iman inside a cabin with water gushing in.
In the music video for "Dive," Usher and Chanel Iman are being intimate during the chorus.
Water further enters Usher's cabin during the chorus of the music video for "Dive."
Usher and Chanel Iman are once again being intimate during the second verse of the music video for "Dive."
Water is level with Usher's waist inside the cabin during the second verse of the music video for "Dive."
Water enters the second chorus of the music video for "Dive."
Usher and Chanel Iman make love during the second chorus of the music video for "Dive."
During the bridge of the music video for "Dive," Usher and Chanel Iman are romancing within the cabin's bathroom.
The music video for "Dive" intercuts to different romantic scenarios during the bridge.
Further scenarios are shown in the final chorus of the music video for "Dive."
Water fully submerges the cabin and Usher in the final chorus of the music video for "Dive."
The music video for "Dive" closes with Usher swimming to safety.
Before reaching the surface in the music video for "Dive," Usher and Chanel Iman approach each other.
Usher and Chanel Iman embrace in the water in the music video for "Dive."
Usher performed "Dive" for the first time at the 2012 iTunes Festival.
Usher performed "Dive" along with "Can't Stop Won't Stop," "Twisted," "Numb," and other songs at the 2012 iTunes Festival.
The credits for "Dive" are adapted from the liner notes of Looking 4 Myself.
The vocal recording for "Dive" took place at Parkland Playhouse in Parkland, FL.
The vocal recording for "Dive" took place at Circlehouse Studios in Miami, FL.
The mixing for "Dive" took place at Parkland Playhouse in Parkland, FL.
"Dive" entered the singles chart in South Korea due to digital downloads.
"Dive" debuted on the South Korea Gaon International Chart at number 50 on June 10, 2012.
"Dive" debuted with sales of 6,546 digital copies.
"Dive" debuted at number eight on the US Bubbling Under Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart for the chart issue dated September 8, 2012.
On the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, "Dive" peaked at number 34.