Linton Muldoon Treacy was born on June 4, 1887.
Linton Muldoon Treacy died on March 13, 1929.
Linton Muldoon Treacy is better known as Pete Muldoon.
Pete Muldoon was a Canadian ice hockey coach.
Pete Muldoon was a pioneer in the western United States.
Pete Muldoon is particularly known for bringing a Stanley Cup championship to Seattle, Washington.
Pete Muldoon is best known for reportedly putting a curse on the Chicago Black Hawks.
Pete Muldoon reportedly put a curse on team owner Major Frederic McLaughlin.
Pete Muldoon was fired at the end of the 1926-27 season.
A Toronto sportswriter allegedly came up with the "curse" in 1943.
Pete Muldoon was the Black Hawks' first head coach.
Pete Muldoon was born in St. Marys, Ontario.
Pete Muldoon played hockey in the OHA in the 1900s.
Pete Muldoon moved to the Pacific coast to pursue a boxing career.
Pete Muldoon changed his name to Pete Muldoon because the pursuit of a professional sports career was discouraged in Ontario at the time.
Pete Muldoon won regional titles in both the middleweight and light heavyweight divisions while boxing.
Pete Muldoon was accomplished at other sports, including lacrosse.
Pete Muldoon played professionally for a Vancouver club in 1911.
Pete Muldoon was an ice dancer.
Pete Muldoon was able to skate while on stilts.
Pete Muldoon took over as the coach and manager of the Portland Rosebuds in 1914.
Pete Muldoon changed teams for the 1915 season.
Pete Muldoon went to Seattle to manage a new team in the PCHA, the Metropolitans.
Pete Muldoon spent eight seasons coaching in Seattle.
Pete Muldoon amassed a record of 115 wins, 105 losses, and four ties while coaching in Seattle.
The Metropolitans competed several times for the Stanley Cup.
The Metropolitans played for the Stanley Cup three times under Pete Muldoon's leadership.
The Metropolitans won the Stanley Cup once in 1917 during their first trip.
Pete Muldoon was the first coach of a Stanley Cup Championship team based in the United States.
Pete Muldoon was the youngest coach of a Stanley Cup Championship team based in the United States at age 30.
The Metropolitans made it to the finals for the second time in three years in 1919.
The Metropolitans played against the Montreal Canadiens in the finals in 1919.
The finals in 1919 were to have been a five-game series.
The fourth game of the finals in 1919 ended in a scoreless draw.
Local health officials called off the deciding sixth game in 1919.
Several players on both teams were stricken by Spanish flu in 1919.
Canadiens owner George Kennedy announced he was forfeiting the game to Seattle in 1919.
Pete Muldoon felt it would be unsportsmanlike to accept the Cup in 1919.
Pete Muldoon believed accepting the Cup would have been at the expense of a team decimated by illness in 1919.
Seattle lost in the Stanley Cup finals in the next year against the Ottawa Senators.
Pete Muldoon returned to the Rosebuds after the Metropolitans folded in the spring of 1924.
Most of Pete Muldoon's players followed him to the NHL.
Most of the Rosebuds were sold to Major Frederic McLaughlin to start the Chicago Black Hawks.
Pete Muldoon accepted the position with the Black Hawks because his wife Dorothy was a Chicago native.
Dorothy was pregnant with the family's second child when Pete Muldoon accepted the position with the Black Hawks.
The Black Hawks ended the 1926-27 season with a playoff berth.
The Black Hawks finished in third place in the American Division with a 19-22-3 record in the 1926-27 season.
Pete Muldoon resigned from the Black Hawks because of constant meddling from Major Frederic McLaughlin.
Pete Muldoon returned to Seattle after resigning from the Black Hawks.
Pete Muldoon became involved in efforts to bring a professional team back to Seattle.
A new arena was constructed in Seattle in 1928.
Pete Muldoon established the Seattle Ice Skating and Hockey Association with the help of a group of investors.
Pete Muldoon aided in establishing the PCHL.
The PCHL had its first season in 1928.
The Seattle team in the PCHL was dubbed the Seattle Eskimos.
According to a longstanding NHL legend, Major Frederic McLaughlin felt the Blackhawks should have won the American Division in their first season.
Major Frederic McLaughlin fired Pete Muldoon when Pete Muldoon disagreed.
Pete Muldoon was reported to have placed an Irish curse on the Black Hawks.
The Irish curse was said to keep the Black Hawks out of first place forever.
The Black Hawks did not finish first in any format until the 1966-67 season.
The 1966-67 season was the Black Hawks' 41st year in the league.
It is unknown if Pete Muldoon ever actually cursed the team.
It has been alleged that the curse was a hoax by a Toronto sportswriter.
Other sources maintain that 41 years is plenty long enough for any curse, real or imagined.
In the spring of 1929, Pete Muldoon went to Tacoma with co-owner Nate Druxman.
Pete Muldoon and Nate Druxman searched for a location to build a new rink in Tacoma.
Pete Muldoon died due to a heart attack on March 13, 1929.
Without their coach, the Seattle Eskimos were able to win a playoff series against Portland.
The Seattle Eskimos lost to Vancouver in the league finals.
The following season, the Seattle Eskimos established the Pete Muldoon Trophy.
The Pete Muldoon Trophy was presented to the player deemed most inspirational by his teammates.
The Pete Muldoon Trophy was awarded for a few seasons.
The Pete Muldoon Trophy disappeared from records during the Great Depression years.