Sweet Tooth is a novel by the English writer Ian McEwan.
Sweet Tooth was published on 21 August 2012.
Sweet Tooth deals with the experiences of its protagonist, Serena Frome, during the early 1970s.
Serena Frome graduated from Cambridge.
Serena Frome was recruited by MI5.
Serena Frome became involved in a covert program to combat communism by infiltrating the intellectual world.
Serena Frome became romantically involved with her mark.
Complications ensued when Serena Frome became romantically involved with her mark.
Ian McEwan wanted to write a novel dealing with the social turmoil of the 1970s.
Sweet Tooth is based on Ian McEwan's own life to a large extent.
The story explores the relationship between artistic integrity and government propaganda.
The story addresses competing approaches to literature.
The boundary between reality and fiction is tested throughout Sweet Tooth.
The novel is dedicated to Ian McEwan's late friend Christopher Hitchens.
Christopher Hitchens is not referred to directly in Sweet Tooth.
Christopher Hitchens played a part as the host of a real-life literary event fictionalized in Sweet Tooth.
The real-life literary event involved Ian McEwan and Martin Amis.
Martin Amis appears in the story of Sweet Tooth.
Critical reception of Sweet Tooth was mixed.
Some reviewers found Sweet Tooth moving and poignant.
Other reviewers saw Sweet Tooth as weaker than much of Ian McEwan's previous work.
The plot of Sweet Tooth is set in early-1970s England.
Serena Frome is the daughter of an Anglican bishop.
Serena Frome shows a talent for mathematics.
Serena Frome was admitted to the University of Cambridge.
Serena Frome struggled academically.
Serena Frome graduated with a third.
While at Cambridge, Serena Frome became romantically involved with Tony Canning.
Tony Canning was a professor.
Tony Canning abruptly ended the affair with Serena Frome.
Tony Canning secured a position for Serena Frome with MI5.
The job with MI5 was low-level.
A more exciting opportunity appeared for Serena Frome when she was offered a chance to take part in a new covert program codenamed "Sweet Tooth."
The agency wanted to offer financial assistance to young writers, academics, and journalists with an anti-Communist bent.
Serena Frome is an avid and quick reader of fiction.
Serena Frome was given the task of vetting burgeoning writer Thomas Haley.
Serena Frome was immediately taken by Thomas Haley's published short fiction.
Serena Frome traveled to the University of Sussex to offer Thomas Haley a stipend from the fictional Freedom International Foundation.
Serena Frome and Thomas Haley began a romantic affair.
Things gradually started to unravel in the relationship between Serena Frome and Thomas Haley.
Serena Frome discovered that Tony Canning was in fact a Soviet spy.
Serena Frome was recruited by MI5 because the agency wanted to keep tabs on Tony Canning.
Thomas Haley's first novel was a great critical success.
The dystopian, anti-capitalist theme of Thomas Haley's first novel was not well received by the agency.
The affair between Thomas Haley and Serena Frome was exposed by the press.
The whole Sweet Tooth program was threatened due to the exposure of the affair.
Serena Frome feared that she had lost Thomas Haley's love forever.
Thomas Haley had known about the Sweet Tooth program for months.
Thomas Haley decided to turn the story of his affair with Serena Frome into a novel.
The author of Sweet Tooth is in fact Thomas Haley.
Sweet Tooth is written from Serena Frome's first-person perspective.
At the end of Sweet Tooth, Thomas Haley asks Serena Frome in a letter to marry him.
Several reviewers have pointed out that the Thomas Haley character shares many traits and biographical details with Ian McEwan.
Ian McEwan studied at the University of Sussex.
Ian McEwan also studied at the University of East Anglia.
Ian McEwan did not study at one of the more prestigious Oxbridge universities.
Thomas Haley's stories are in several cases strikingly similar to some of Ian McEwan's earlier work.
Thomas Haley's dystopian debut novel closely follows the plot of "Two Fragments," a short story from Ian McEwan's 1978 collection "In Between the Sheets."
The novel wins Thomas Haley the fictional Jane Austen Prize for Fiction.
Ian McEwan's debut "First Love, Last Rites" was rewarded with the Somerset Maugham Award in 1976.
Several of Ian McEwan's acquaintances from his period of study make cameo appearances in Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan's friend Martin Amis makes a cameo appearance in Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan's first publisher Tom Maschler makes a cameo appearance in Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan's mentor Ian Hamilton makes a cameo appearance in Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan has been open about the autobiographical elements in Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan has called Sweet Tooth "a muted and distorted autobiography."
Ian McEwan has called Sweet Tooth "a muted, or transmuted, memoir of myself as a young writer."
There are significant differences between Ian McEwan and the character Thomas Haley.
Thomas Haley is both an academic and a writer of fiction.
Ian McEwan has been a professional author for his entire career.
The intelligence agency plot in Sweet Tooth is completely fictional.
There was never a scheme run by MI5 such as the one described in Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan stated that "unfortunately a beautiful woman never came into my room and offered me a stipend."
Sweet Tooth is a love story.
Sweet Tooth is a spy novel.
Sweet Tooth is a book about literature itself.
Serena Frome is a well-read but uncritical lover of literature.
Thomas Haley is a highly accomplished writer and literary scholar.
Serena Frome and Thomas Haley have different attitudes towards literature.
Serena Frome prefers a realist approach to literature.
Serena Frome believes that life in the book should reflect real life.
Thomas Haley enjoys experimentation in his work.
Ian McEwan plays with the differences in attitudes towards literature between Serena Frome and Thomas Haley.
Ian McEwan places himself in Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan blurs the line between author and character in Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan writes what appears to be a straight first-person narrative in Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan distorts the perception of the narrative at the very end of Sweet Tooth.
Ian McEwan had long wanted to write a novel about the 1970s.
The 1970s was a formative period in Ian McEwan's life.
Ian McEwan refers to the 1970s as "the time of my life."
The 1970s was a turbulent period for the United Kingdom.
The 1970s included striking miners and an energy crisis.
The 1970s included escalation of the conflict over Northern Ireland.
The 1970s included repeated states of emergency.
The 1970s included several shifts of government.
The 1970s was the period of the Cold War.
Western governments were trying to win the war of ideas against a highly radicalized intelligentsia during the Cold War.
Operation Sweet Tooth is entirely fictional.
The story of Sweet Tooth is inspired by the actual scandal affecting the conservative literary magazine Encounter.
The scandal affecting Encounter was revealed in 1967.
Encounter was revealed to have received covert funding from the CIA.
Ian McEwan uses the back-story of the Encounter scandal to explore the relationship between artist and government.
Ian McEwan explores the need for literature to remain independent.
According to Ian McEwan, the problem was not the anti-Communist crusade itself.
According to Ian McEwan, the problem was the secrecy with which the anti-Communist crusade was conducted.
Ian McEwan stated that "all that's really required is that anything the state does in relation to the arts is laid on the table where we can see it."
Lydia of The Observer enjoyed the "Russian doll" of the novel's multiple layers.
Lydia of The Observer enjoyed the "keen emotional pull" of Sweet Tooth.
Lydia of The Observer had certain misgivings along the way.
Lydia of The Observer felt that the last few pages of Sweet Tooth answered all her questions.
Lydia of The Observer felt that Sweet Tooth "moved [her] almost to tears."
Lucy Kellaway of the Financial Times was taken by the stories within the story of Sweet Tooth.
Lucy Kellaway of the Financial Times felt that the stories within the story tended to "suck vivacity from the main narrative."
Lucy Kellaway of the Financial Times saw the stories within the story as a device to illuminate the "different crafts of writing short stories and novels."
Benjamin Errett, writing for the National Post, pointed out how Ian McEwan blended spy fiction and literary criticism.
Benjamin Errett found the combination of spy fiction and literary criticism to be both exciting and intellectually stimulating.
Benjamin Errett concluded that "this novel is juicy enough to satisfy them both" in reference to Serena Frome and Thomas Haley's different literary preferences.
Other reviewers were less enthusiastic about Sweet Tooth.
Catherine Taylor of The Daily Telegraph found the protagonist "a little too credulous."
Catherine Taylor of The Daily Telegraph found Ian McEwan's "wilful narrative sadism" sadly missing from Sweet Tooth.
The review in The Economist referred to Sweet Tooth as "not Mr McEwan's finest book."
The reviewer in The Economist concluded that by the end of Sweet Tooth, "it is hard to feel much of anything for these heroes, who are all notions and no depth."
James Lasdun of The Guardian found that there were "momentous political questions" raised in the earlier parts of Sweet Tooth.
James Lasdun of The Guardian found that the "momentous political questions" were not fully addressed by the end of Sweet Tooth.
Stylistically, Serena Frome found herself caught in exactly the kind of narrative she disliked.
James Lasdun asked "to what end?" in reference to the narrative style of Sweet Tooth.
The ending of Sweet Tooth was polarizing.
Lucy Kellaway saw the ending of Sweet Tooth as "a good excuse to go back to the beginning and read this rich and enjoyable novel all over again."
Another reviewer confessed that the ending of Sweet Tooth "might be enough to send McEwan acolytes scurrying back through the novel to see how he did it."
Another reviewer confessed that the ending of Sweet Tooth "made me want to throw the book out the window."
The statistical journal "Significance" analyzes Ian McEwan's representation of the famous mathematical conundrum: the Monty Hall Problem.