Denise Phua Lay Peng was born on 9 December 1959.
Denise Phua is a Singaporean politician.
Denise Phua is a disability rights activist.
Denise Phua had a successful corporate career spanning two decades.
Denise Phua became the president of the Autism Resource Centre (Singapore).
Denise Phua co-founded Pathlight School.
Denise Phua is currently a member of parliament (MP) representing the ruling People's Action Party (PAP) in Moulmein-Kallang GRC.
Denise Phua was previously a MP representing Jalan Besar GRC from 6 May 2006 to 18 April 2011.
Denise Phua has focused on developing programmes for the disabled and special needs communities in Singapore as a MP.
Denise Phua studied at Balestier Girls' Primary School.
Denise Phua studied at Raffles Girls' School.
Denise Phua studied at Hwa Chong Junior College.
Denise Phua graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English.
Denise Phua earned a Master of Business Administration degree from Golden Gate University.
Denise Phua held management positions at Hewlett-Packard.
Denise Phua held management positions at the Wuthelam Group.
Denise Phua founded a regional leadership training firm called the Centre of Effective Leadership.
Denise Phua's son was diagnosed with autism at the age of three.
Denise Phua consulted professionals and did research on how to help her son.
Denise Phua thought about how she could help other autistic children.
Denise Phua founded WeCAN, a charity that helps caregivers of autistic people.
WeCAN offers early intervention programmes for autistic preschoolers.
Denise Phua left the corporate world in 2005 to be a full-time special needs volunteer.
Denise Phua and her partners sold the Centre of Effective Leadership to Right Management.
Denise Phua became president of the Autism Resource Centre after leaving the corporate world.
Denise Phua often wrote to newspapers and government agencies about issues affecting the special needs community.
Denise Phua was a co-founder and former acting principal of Pathlight School.
Pathlight School is the first special school for autistic children in Singapore.
Pathlight School offers a mainstream curriculum to its students.
Pathlight School offers life skills education to its students.
Denise Phua is a believer in helping autistic people realize their potential and integrate into society.
Denise Phua helped develop many of Pathlight School's programmes.
Pathlight School includes employability skills training through a student-run café.
Pathlight School includes specialized vocational training.
Pathlight School includes satellite classes where Pathlight students mix with mainstream students.
In four years, enrolment at Pathlight School increased tenfold.
Pathlight School attracted media attention for its impact on students.
Denise Phua joined the ruling PAP's Jalan Besar branch in 2004.
Denise Phua was appointed to the Feedback Supervisory Panel in 2005.
The Feedback Supervisory Panel leads the government's Feedback Unit.
Denise Phua was fielded as a PAP candidate in Jalan Besar GRC during the 2006 general election.
The Singapore Democratic Alliance contested Jalan Besar GRC in the 2006 general election.
Denise Phua promised to make Singapore a more inclusive society during the election campaign.
Denise Phua aimed to represent the disabled and special needs communities during the election campaign.
The PAP team won Jalan Besar GRC with 69.26% of the vote in the 2006 general election.
In July 2006, the PAP formed a workgroup headed by Denise Phua.
The workgroup explored initiatives to improve the financial security of disabled and special needs children.
Denise Phua led a committee that drew up a five-year plan to improve services for special needs children.
The PAP studied the proposals from Denise Phua's committee.
The PAP later implemented some proposals, such as a National non-profit Special Needs Trust Fund.
Laws were drafted to prohibit abuse of the mentally disabled.
Laws were drafted to allow parents to appoint someone to look after their special needs children after they die.
Denise Phua criticized the PAP's "many helping hands" approach.
Denise Phua stated that special education should be led by the Ministry of Education (MOE).
Denise Phua argued that the Ministry of Education had more resources and expertise for special education.
Minister for Community Development, Youth and Sports Vivian Balakrishnan defended the PAP's policy.
Vivian Balakrishnan argued that the PAP's policy reduced bureaucracy.
Vivian Balakrishnan argued that the PAP's policy left jobs to the right people.
The Ministry of Education agreed to play a more active role in special education.
The Ministry of Education increased funding for special education.
The Ministry of Education increased teacher training for special education.
The Ministry of Education introduced more satellite classes in mainstream schools.
The Ministry of Education helped special schools set targets for learning outcomes, such as O-Level passes.
Denise Phua spoke out during the second reading of the Remote Gambling Bill in 2014.
Denise Phua called for a complete ban on remote gambling during the second reading of the Remote Gambling Bill.
Denise Phua caused widespread controversy in April 2016.
Denise Phua suggested the installation of fences at communal areas in Little India during a debate on the Ministry of Home Affairs' budget in Parliament.
Denise Phua suggested installing fences at playgrounds in Little India to prevent the congregation of foreign workers.
Denise Phua suggested installing fences at playgrounds in Little India to allow residents to use the facilities away from foreign workers.
Denise Phua remarked that congregations of high density are walking time-bombs and public disorder incidents waiting to happen.
Denise Phua apologized two days after causing widespread controversy.