Kid Klown in Crazy Chase is a platform video game.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was developed and published by Kemco.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was developed for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was released in North America in September 1994.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was released in Japan on October 21, 1994.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was released in Europe in 1994.
The game features Kid Klown as the player character.
Kid Klown is tasked with rescuing Princess Honey from the villain Black Jack.
Players view gameplay from an isometric perspective.
Kid Klown pursues a lit fuse to stop it from reaching a spade bomb.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was re-released for the Game Boy Advance.
The Game Boy Advance re-release features 11 new levels.
The Game Boy Advance re-release includes four mini-games.
The Game Boy Advance re-release includes a multi-player mode.
The Game Boy Advance re-release was released in Europe in October 2002.
The Game Boy Advance re-release was released in North America in October 2002.
A release of the Game Boy Advance version in Japan was planned but ultimately canceled.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase received mixed reception from critics.
Critics found Kid Klown in Crazy Chase to be inferior to other games of its type.
Players control Kid Klown as he attempts to rescue Princess Honey.
The game's graphics are presented in an isometric view.
Kid Klown automatically moves down a path to thwart Black Jack's plans.
Kid Klown's collision with various obstacles causes him to slow down.
If Kid Klown does not make it to the bomb in time, the level is lost.
If Kid Klown is hit too many times, the level is lost.
The game consists of 5 stages.
In each stage, Kid Klown must find all 4 card suit orbs.
In each stage, Kid Klown must stop the bomb to complete the level.
At the end of each stage, Kid Klown gets a key.
The key could be of use to unlock Honey's cage.
If the player gets all 4 orbs in the very first turn, Kid Klown also gets a Honey heart.
After the fifth stage, Kid Klown must find the correct lock out of the 10 locks.
The correct lock is used to unlock Honey's cage.
There are 3 endings to the game.
The Good Ending occurs when the player has collected all five Honey hearts and saved Honey.
The Average Ending occurs when the player saved Honey but did not get all five Honey hearts.
The Bad Ending occurs when the player failed to save Honey.
The Game Boy Advance re-release added 11 new levels.
The Game Boy Advance re-release added four unlockable mini-games.
The Game Boy Advance re-release added a multi-player mode.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was developed and published by Kemco for the Super NES.
The Super NES version was first released in Europe in 1994.
The Super NES version was first released in North America in September 1994.
The Super NES version was first released in Japan on October 21, 1994.
The Game Boy Advance re-release was released on October 21 and 23, 2002, in Europe and North America, respectively.
The Game Boy Advance version was first revealed at E3 2001.
Kemco commented that the current build of the Game Boy Advance version was 60% complete.
The Game Boy Advance version was planned to be released in Summer 2001 for Japan.
The Game Boy Advance version was planned to be released in November 2001 for North America.
Both releases of Kid Klown in Crazy Chase were delayed several times.
The Japanese version of Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was ultimately canceled.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was featured at both E3 2002 and the 2002 Tokyo Game Show.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase received mixed reception.
Kid Klown in Crazy Chase holds an aggregate score of 64.17% on Game Rankings based on three reviews.
Author Andy Slaven wrote that the only problem with Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was its "strange" three-quarter perspective.
Nintendo Power gave Kid Klown in Crazy Chase a score of 3.375 out of 5.
Electronic Gaming Monthly gave Kid Klown in Crazy Chase a score of 7.6 out of 10.
Electronic Gaming Monthly summarized that Kid Klown in Crazy Chase requires a lot of skill and technique.
Electronic Gaming Monthly stated that the various antics and animations in Kid Klown in Crazy Chase are incredibly lifelike.
IGN called the Super NES version of Kid Klown in Crazy Chase overlooked.
IGN described Kid Klown in Crazy Chase as a "zany" game.
IGN stated that Kid Klown in Crazy Chase boasts stellar colors.
IGN stated that Kid Klown in Crazy Chase features really frantic animation.
Eurogamer's Tom Bramwell described the video game J.J. & Jeff as a "poor man's Plok / Kid Klown in Crazy Chase / Putty Quest / etc."
Edge compared Let’s Tap to Kid Klown in Crazy Chase due to similar challenges found in Let’s Tap's multi-player mode.
Nintendo Life's Andrew Donaldson commented that Kid Klown in Crazy Chase is not a bad game.
Andrew Donaldson stated that there is no reason to play Kid Klown in Crazy Chase due to a lack of levels.
Andrew Donaldson stated that there is an abundance of games that do what Kid Klown in Crazy Chase does better.
The Game Boy Advance version of Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was met with similar reception.
Nintendo Power gave the Game Boy Advance version a score of 3.2 out of 5.
The score of the Game Boy Advance version is lower than the Super NES version's score.
IGN noted that the Game Boy Advance version gave both good and bad impressions about Kemco's abilities to port SNES to the handheld.
IGN stated that the multi-player mode will get the Game Boy Advance version its "dues."
IGN criticized the early build of Crazy Chase due to stiff controls.
IGN criticized the early build of Crazy Chase due to delayed jump.
IGN criticized the animation of the Game Boy Advance version for being less fluid than the Super NES version's.
GamePro's Fennec Fox called the Super NES game "semi-obscure."
GamePro writer DJ Dinobot criticized the Game Boy Advance's preview build for Crazy Chase for its controls.
DJ Dinobot stated that the controls of the Game Boy Advance version were "harder to steer than a 1976 Pinto with a flat tire."