The flammulated flycatcher (Deltarhynchus flammulatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
The flammulated flycatcher is the only species in the monotypic genus Deltarhynchus.
The flammulated flycatcher is closely related to the birds of the genus Myiarchus.
The flammulated flycatcher is endemic to the dry deciduous forest of Mexico's Pacific coast.
The flammulated flycatcher is endemic to the arid thorn forest of Mexico's Pacific coast.
The flammulated flycatcher is endemic to the scrubby woodland of Mexico's Pacific coast.
The flammulated flycatcher is an olive to gray-brown bird.
The flammulated flycatcher has a streaked, pale gray chest.
The flammulated flycatcher has a white throat.
The flammulated flycatcher has a black bill.
The flammulated flycatcher has dark gray feet.
The flammulated flycatcher has dark brown wings.
The flammulated flycatcher is a skulking bird.
The flammulated flycatcher typically remains hidden in the underbrush.
The flammulated flycatcher feeds by gleaning insects off of leaves and twigs.
The flammulated flycatcher spots insects from an exposed perch.
The female flammulated flycatcher lays approximately three eggs.
The female flammulated flycatcher lays eggs in a nest made in a shallow tree cavity.
The species was first described in 1875 by ornithologist George Newbold Lawrence.
George Newbold Lawrence placed the flammulated flycatcher in the genus Myiarchus.
In 1893, Robert Ridgway split the flammulated flycatcher from Myiarchus into the new, monotypic genus Deltarhynchus.
Robert Ridgway distinguished the flammulated flycatcher from Myiarchus by its shorter and broader bill.
Robert Ridgway distinguished the flammulated flycatcher from Myiarchus by its more rounded wings.
Robert Ridgway distinguished the flammulated flycatcher from Myiarchus by its partially streaked underparts.
Richard Bowdler Sharpe upheld the change made by Robert Ridgway in 1901.
Subsequent authors upheld the change made by Robert Ridgway.
In 1977, Melvin Alvah Traylor Jr. upheld the status of the flammulated flycatcher as a monotypic genus.
Melvin Alvah Traylor Jr. suggested that the flammulated flycatcher should be lumped back into Myiarchus if its nesting habits were similar to those of that genus.
Wesley Lanyon's research of the flammulated flycatcher in 1979 confirmed the bird's placement in a monotypic genus.
Deltarhynchus is similar to the genus Myiarchus.
Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by a broader and shorter bill.
Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by more rounded wings.
Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by a different face pattern.
Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by pale cinnamon wing and tail edgings.
Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by its voice.
Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by streaking on the chest.
Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by the bird's skulking habits.
The flammulated flycatcher's generic name is derived from the Ancient Greek word delta, which means "delta-shaped" or "wedge." The flammulated flycatcher's specific epithet is derived from the Latin word flammula, which means "little flame." The flammulated flycatcher has no subspecies.
The flammulated flycatcher is approximately 6 to 6.5 inches (15-16.5 cm) in length.
The flammulated flycatcher has a chunky body.
Adult male flammulated flycatchers are similar in plumage to adult female flammulated flycatchers.
Adult male flammulated flycatchers possess olive to worn gray-brown upperparts.
Adult male flammulated flycatchers possess olive to worn gray-brown heads.
The flammulated flycatcher has a whitish supraloral stripe.
The flammulated flycatcher has a crescent behind its eyes.
The flammulated flycatcher has a dusky lore.
The flammulated flycatcher has a whitish throat.
The flammulated flycatcher has a pale gray chest with inconspicuous dusky streaking.
The flammulated flycatcher has a pale yellow belly.
The flammulated flycatcher has pale yellow undertail coverts.
The flammulated flycatcher has dark brown, well-rounded wings.
The flammulated flycatcher has pale cinnamon-edged coverts.
The flammulated flycatcher has pale cinnamon-edged remiges.
The wings of the flammulated flycatcher are about 3 inches (76 mm) long.
The flammulated flycatcher has a dark brown tail.
The flammulated flycatcher's tail is edged with a narrow band of pale cinnamon.
The flammulated flycatcher's tail is barely shorter than its wings.
The flammulated flycatcher's tail is slightly rounded.
The flammulated flycatcher has a black bill.
The flammulated flycatcher's bill is broad and triangular.
The flammulated flycatcher's bill has a slightly paler base.
The flammulated flycatcher's bill is about half the length of its head.
The flammulated flycatcher has dark gray legs.
The flammulated flycatcher's legs end with large, curved, and sharp claws.
The flammulated flycatcher has an orange mouth.
The flammulated flycatcher has a brown eye.
The juvenile flammulated flycatcher is similar to the adult flammulated flycatcher.
The juvenile flammulated flycatcher's tail has a broad band of pale cinnamon.
The flammulated flycatcher mostly sings from April to August.
The flammulated flycatcher's singing period includes its breeding season.
The flammulated flycatcher tends to remain hidden while singing.
The song of the flammulated flycatcher is a plaintive whistle followed by a short but quick roll.
The flammulated flycatcher can give a plaintive and slurred chew call.
The flammulated flycatcher often sings its chew call three to five times in a descending series.
The flammulated flycatcher can give a squeaky chatter.
The calls of the flammulated flycatcher are the same for males and females.
The flammulated flycatcher gives calls throughout the day.
The calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve to give a location.
The calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve to identify an individual.
The calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve to sound an alarm.
The calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve to mark the limits of a territory.
The calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve other functions.
During the breeding season, male flammulated flycatchers give what is known as a dawn song every morning.
The dawn song of male flammulated flycatchers includes the calls chee-bee beet and churr-r-r-bee bee in alternation.
The flammulated flycatcher is endemic to the Pacific lowlands of Mexico's western coast.
The range of the flammulated flycatcher extends from Sinaloa to western Chiapas.
The range of the flammulated flycatcher possibly extends into Guatemala.
The extension of the range of the flammulated flycatcher into Guatemala has not been confirmed.
The total area that the flammulated flycatcher lives in is estimated to be 66,000 km² (25,482.7 sq mi).
The range of the flammulated flycatcher is discontinuous.
The flammulated flycatcher is found in low densities when present.
The flammulated flycatcher lives in dry deciduous forest at about 1000-1400 meters (3280-4593 ft) above sea level.
The flammulated flycatcher lives in arid and semi-arid thorn forest at about 1000-1400 meters (3280-4593 ft) above sea level.
The flammulated flycatcher lives in scrubby woodland at about 1000-1400 meters (3280-4593 ft) above sea level.
The flammulated flycatcher is non-migratory.
The flammulated flycatcher is listed as being of least concern on the IUCN Red List.
The flammulated flycatcher is listed as least concern due to its large range.
The total population of the flammulated flycatcher is believed to number over 10,000 individuals.
No precise estimate on the flammulated flycatcher's population exists.
The flammulated flycatcher is known to be uncommon in parts of its range.
The population of the flammulated flycatcher is not believed to be declining enough to pass the threshold of 30% in ten years or three generations.
The threshold of 30% in ten years or three generations is necessary to be listed as near threatened.
The exact population trends of the flammulated flycatcher have not been quantified.
The flammulated flycatcher is a sluggish and skulking species.
The flammulated flycatcher usually remains in the underbrush.
The flammulated flycatcher raises the feathers on its crown to form what appears to be a crest when excited by an intruder.
The flammulated flycatcher raises the feathers on its crown to form what appears to be a crest when attempting to attract a mate.
The flammulated flycatcher does not bob its head while displaying the crest.
The flammulated flycatcher forages by perching on an open branch.
The flammulated flycatcher looks outward and downward for prey.
The primary prey of the flammulated flycatcher consists of insects.
The flammulated flycatcher rapidly and directly flies at a potential meal once it spots it.
The potential meal of the flammulated flycatcher is normally on the exposed upper surface of a leaf or twig.
The flammulated flycatcher hovers briefly before the insect.
The flammulated flycatcher grabs the insect in its beak.
The flammulated flycatcher flies away to typically a new perch after grabbing the insect.
The flammulated flycatcher breeds around June of each year.
The flammulated flycatcher nests in shallow tree cavities.
The nests of the flammulated flycatcher are surprisingly close to the ground.
The nests of the flammulated flycatcher are approximately 90 centimeters above the ground.
The nests of the flammulated flycatcher are shaped like a cup.
The nests of the flammulated flycatcher are composed of fine vegetable fibers, dried leaves, and shredded bark.
The flammulated flycatcher does not use snakeskin or other materials to build its nest.
The female flammulated flycatcher lays three eggs.
The eggs of the flammulated flycatcher are creamy to pinkish in color.
The eggs of the flammulated flycatcher are decorated with brown and gray splotches.