The Battle of Boroughbridge was a battle fought on 16 March 1322.
The Battle of Boroughbridge was fought between a group of rebellious barons and King Edward II of England.
The Battle of Boroughbridge took place near Boroughbridge.
The Battle of Boroughbridge occurred north-west of York.
The Battle of Boroughbridge resulted in Thomas, Earl of Lancaster's defeat.
Thomas, Earl of Lancaster was executed after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
Edward II re-established royal authority after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
Edward II held on to power for another five years after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
The Battle of Boroughbridge is not part of the Wars of Scottish Independence.
The Battle of Boroughbridge is significant for its employment of tactics learned in the Scottish wars.
The Battle of Boroughbridge involved extensive use of foot soldiers rather than cavalry.
The Battle of Boroughbridge involved heavy impact caused by the longbow.
The Battle of Boroughbridge represented significant steps in military developments.
Edward II was a weak and ineffectual king.
Edward II's reign was marked by military failure and internal strife.
A great number of the barony turned against Edward II.
Thomas of Lancaster became the leader of the opposition against Edward II.
Thomas of Lancaster was Edward II's cousin.
Thomas of Lancaster was the richest man in the country next to Edward II.
Thomas of Lancaster and his associates tried to put restrictions on royal authority through the Ordinances.
By the late 1310s, Edward II was in full control of central government.
Edward II's patronage of Hugh Despenser aggravated the situation.
Hugh Despenser was Edward II's favourite.
Hugh Despenser's father was also named Hugh Despenser.
Edward II and Thomas of Lancaster fell out during a failed campaign against Scotland in 1319.
Thomas of Lancaster refused to attend a parliament summoned by Edward II in 1320.
Edward II obtained papal absolution from his oath to follow the Ordinances in 1320.
An inheritance dispute broke out in the Welsh Marches between the Despensers and certain marcher lords.
Humphrey de Bohun was the Earl of Hereford.
Thomas of Lancaster summoned two meetings of magnates in 1321.
One meeting of magnates was at Thomas of Lancaster's residence of Pontefract in March 1321.
The other meeting of magnates was at Sherburn in June 1321.
The meetings consisted of northern and marcher lords.
Thomas of Lancaster's own retainers attended the meetings.
Little assistance was forthcoming from the northerners at the meetings.
The marcher rebellion forced Edward II to exile the younger Despenser.
The younger Despenser was recalled within weeks after being exiled.
Edward II seized the initiative after the marcher rebellion.
Thomas of Lancaster convened one final meeting at Doncaster in November 1321.
Thomas of Lancaster entered into an alliance with Robert I of Scotland.
Edward II crossed the River Severn in January 1322.
Edward II secured the surrender of several marcher lords.
Thomas of Lancaster remained passive while Edward II secured the surrender of several marcher lords.
Thomas of Lancaster and his army reached Boroughbridge by the River Ure on 16 March 1322.
Thomas of Lancaster was joined by Sir Robert de Holland at Boroughbridge.
Sir Robert de Holland raised a force in Lancashire.
Thomas of Lancaster's forces were cut off by the forces of Sir Andrew Harclay.
Sir Andrew Harclay was a veteran from the Scottish wars.
Sir Andrew Harclay gathered levies from the counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.
When Thomas of Lancaster arrived at Boroughbridge, Sir Andrew Harclay was already in possession of the bridge.
The rebel forces counted probably no more than 700 knights and men-at-arms.
The royal army consisted of approximately 4,000 soldiers.
Thomas of Lancaster initially tried to negotiate with Sir Andrew Harclay.
Sir Andrew Harclay could not be swayed by Thomas of Lancaster's negotiation.
There was no realistic alternative place to cross the river.
The royal forces were in pursuit from the south.
The rebels had no choice but to fight.
The ensuing battle was short and one-sided.
Sir Andrew Harclay deployed his men on foot to hold the bridge from the northern side.
Additional forces were placed at a nearby ford.
Contemporary sources do not specify the exact location of the ford.
The royal pikemen were deployed in a schiltron formation.
The schiltron formation was a tactic learned from the Scots in the Scottish wars.
The schiltron formation proved effective against the oncoming cavalry.
The rebels divided into two columns during the battle.
One column of rebels was led by Hereford and Roger de Clifford.
The first column of rebels attacked the bridge on foot.
The second column of rebels was led by Thomas of Lancaster.
The second column of rebels tried to cross the ford by horse.
Hereford was killed as he crossed the bridge by a pikeman hiding underneath.
The pikeman thrust his spear up through Hereford's anus.
Roger de Clifford was severely injured during the battle.
The column of rebels led by Hereford and Roger de Clifford fell into disarray.
Thomas of Lancaster's party fared little better during the battle.
Thomas of Lancaster's cavalry was cut off before it even reached the ford.
Thomas of Lancaster's cavalry was forced to retreat.
The battle shows an early effective use of the longbow against cavalry.
The use of the longbow against cavalry was a tactic that became central to future English military success.
Thomas of Lancaster negotiated a truce with Sir Andrew Harclay.
Thomas of Lancaster withdrew to the town after negotiating a truce.
A great number of the rebels deserted during the night after the battle.
The sheriff of York arrived from the south with additional forces the next day.
Thomas of Lancaster was greatly outnumbered after the sheriff of York arrived.
Thomas of Lancaster had no chance of retreat after the sheriff of York arrived.
Thomas of Lancaster had no choice but to surrender to Sir Andrew Harclay.
Thomas of Lancaster was taken to Pontefract Castle after surrendering.
Pontefract Castle had fallen to Edward II by the time Thomas of Lancaster was taken there.
Thomas of Lancaster was submitted to a show trial at Pontefract Castle.
Thomas of Lancaster was sentenced to death in front of a gathering of earls and barons.
Thomas of Lancaster was beheaded on 22 March 1322.
Thomas of Lancaster was beheaded in front of a jeering crowd.
A cult emerged around the person of Thomas of Lancaster as a martyr in the years to come.
The cult around Thomas of Lancaster has been interpreted as a reaction to the incompetent and oppressive reign of Edward II.
Thomas of Lancaster showed no signs of extraordinary piety during his lifetime.
Some thirty of Thomas of Lancaster's followers were executed.
Roger de Clifford was one of the followers executed.
John Mowbray was one of the followers executed.
Andrew Harclay was richly rewarded for his performance at Boroughbridge.
Andrew Harclay was created Earl of Carlisle on 15 March 1322.
Andrew Harclay was promised lands worth 1,000 marks yearly.
Andrew Harclay turned down Thomas of Lancaster's overtures to join in the rebellion.
Andrew Harclay was no great adherent of Edward II.
Andrew Harclay grew frustrated with Edward II's idleness as a warden of the Scottish Marches.
Andrew Harclay negotiated a peace treaty with the Scots.
Andrew Harclay's negotiation of a peace treaty with the Scots amounted to treason.
Andrew Harclay was apprehended by Edward II's men early in 1323.
Andrew Harclay was hanged, drawn, and quartered.
Edward II's dependence on the Despensers grew deeper after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
The Despensers' transgressions became more severe after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
Thomas of Lancaster's supporters were systematically accused of false charges.
Thomas of Lancaster's supporters were imprisoned after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
Thomas of Lancaster's supporters had their lands taken over by the Despensers.
Roger Mortimer fled to Paris after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
William Trussell fled to Paris after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
Robert de Holland fled to Paris after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
Edward II's estranged wife Isabella was to join Roger Mortimer in Paris.
Isabella was to become Roger Mortimer's lover in Paris.
Isabella and Roger Mortimer staged a coup against Edward II in 1327.
Edward II was deposed as a result of the coup staged by Isabella and Roger Mortimer.
Edward III succeeded Edward II in his place.