A tournament of 32 teams requires exactly 5 rounds to determine the winner.
For n players or teams where n is not a power of 2, log2 n is rounded up.
It is necessary to have at least one round in which not all remaining competitors play.
A tournament of 6 teams requires exactly 3 rounds.
In a tournament of 6 teams, either two teams sit out the first round or one team sits out the second round.
The same number of rounds is necessary to determine a clear winner in a Swiss-system tournament.
In photography, exposure values are measured in terms of the binary logarithm of the amount of light reaching the film or sensor.
The Weber–Fechner law describes a logarithmic response of the human visual system to light.
A single stop of exposure is one unit on a base-2 logarithmic scale.
The exposure value of a photograph is defined by a specific formula.
N is the f-number measuring the aperture of the lens during the exposure.
t is the number of seconds of exposure.
Binary logarithms expressed as stops are used in densitometry.
Binary logarithms express the dynamic range of light-sensitive materials or digital sensors.
An easy way to calculate log2 n on calculators that do not have a log2 function is to use the natural logarithm (ln) or the common logarithm (log or log10) functions.
Most scientific calculators have natural logarithm or common logarithm functions.
The specific change of logarithm base formulae can be expressed by a specific formula.
The binary logarithm can be made into a function from integers to integers by rounding it up or down.
There are two forms of integer binary logarithm related by a specific formula.
The definition of the binary logarithm can be extended by defining a specific formula.
The extended function is related to the number of leading zeros of the 32-bit unsigned binary representation of x.
The integer binary logarithm can be interpreted as the zero-based index of the most significant 1 bit in the input.
The integer binary logarithm is the complement of the find first set operation.
The find first set operation finds the index of the least significant 1 bit.
Many hardware platforms include support for finding the number of leading zeros.
The fls and flsl functions in the Linux kernel compute the binary logarithm rounded up to an integer plus one.
For a general positive real number, the binary logarithm may be computed in two parts.
The first part computes the integer part, called the characteristic of the logarithm.
The second step of computing the fractional part simplifies the problem.
For any x greater than 0, there exists a unique integer n such that 2^n is less than or equal to x and x is less than 2^(n + 1).
The integer part of the logarithm is simply n.
The fractional part is log2(2 - nx).
For normalized floating point numbers, the integer part is given by the floating point exponent.
For integers, the integer part can be determined by performing a count leading zeros operation.
The fractional part of the result is log2 y.
The fractional part can be computed iteratively using only elementary multiplication and division.
The algorithm for computing the fractional part can be described in pseudocode.
The algorithm starts with a real number y in the half-open interval [1, 2).
If y equals 1, then the algorithm is done and the fractional part is zero.
Otherwise, y is squared repeatedly until the result z lies in the interval [2, 4).
Let m be the number of squarings needed.
The result z equals y^(2^m) with m chosen such that z is in [2, 4).
Taking the logarithm of both sides and doing some algebra leads to a specific formula.
Once again, z/2 is a real number in the interval [1, 2).
The algorithm returns to step 1 and computes the binary logarithm of z/2 using the same method.
The result of the algorithm is expressed by specific recursive formulas.
In the special case where the fractional part in step 1 is found to be zero, this is a finite sequence terminating at some point.
Otherwise, the series is infinite and converges according to the ratio test.
Each term in the infinite series is strictly less than the previous one.
Every m_i is greater than 0.
For practical use, the infinite series must be truncated to reach an approximate result.
If the series is truncated after the i-th term, then the error in the result is less than 2^(- (m1 + m2 + ... + mi)).
The log2 function is included in the standard C mathematical functions.
The default version of the log2 function takes double precision arguments.
Variants of the log2 function allow the argument to be single-precision or to be a long double.
In MATLAB, the argument to the log2 function is allowed to be a negative number.
If the argument to the log2 function is a negative number, the result will be a complex number.