St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is a small medieval church in the hamlet of Bodewryd, in Anglesey, north Wales.
The date of construction of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is unknown.
There was a church on the site of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd in 1254.
The earliest feature of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd to which a date can be given is a doorway in a 15th-century style dating to around 1500.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was restored in 1867 after being struck by lightning.
Stained glass with Islamic-influenced patterns was included in the windows of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
The inclusion of stained glass with Islamic-influenced patterns was a requirement of Lord Stanley of Alderley.
Lord Stanley of Alderley was a convert to Islam.
The Church in Wales uses St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd for worship.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is one of five churches in a combined parish.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is a Grade II listed building.
The Grade II listing is a national designation given to buildings of special interest.
Buildings of special interest warrant every effort being made to preserve them.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is a simple rural church of Medieval origins.
The date of foundation of the first religious building on the site of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is unknown.
A church was recorded at the site of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd in the Norwich Taxation of 1254.
The church at the site of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was owned by the Augustinian priory at Penmon during the 13th century.
The Augustinian priory at Penmon also owned the Anglesey churches of Llanddona and St Cwyllog, Llangwyllog during the 13th century.
The current building of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has medieval walls.
The doorway of the porch on the north side of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is the oldest dateable part of the building.
A 2009 guide to the buildings of north-west Wales put the date for the doorway of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd at c.1500.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was restored in 1867 by Henry Kennedy.
Henry Kennedy was the architect of the Diocese of Bangor.
The restoration of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was funded by Lord Stanley of Alderley.
Lord Stanley of Alderley imposed the requirement that Islamic detail should be included in any restoration work.
The windows of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd have geometric patterns of small panes of coloured glass as a result of Lord Stanley of Alderley’s requirement.
The condition of including Islamic detail was also imposed by Lord Stanley of Alderley for the restoration work at the nearby church of St Peirio, Rhosbeirio.
The new windows at the nearby church of St Peirio, Rhosbeirio were decorated with geometric patterns in glass.
For many years, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was associated with the Wynn family of Bodewryd.
The Wynn family had an estate at Bodewryd from 1521 until 1755.
Edward Wynne died without male heirs in 1755.
Edward Wynne was Chancellor of the Diocese of Hereford from 1707 to 1754.
Humphrey Humphreys was married in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd in 1690.
Humphrey Humphreys was Bishop of Bangor and then Bishop of Hereford.
The bishop’s sister married into the Wynn family in 1672.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is by the side of the road in Bodewryd, in the north of Anglesey.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is about 3 miles (4.8 km) from the town of Amlwch.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is surrounded by a rectangular churchyard.
The churchyard of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is entered through a wooden gate.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is still in use for worship.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd belongs to the Church in Wales.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is part of the combined parish of Llanfechell with Bodewryd with Rhosbeirio with Llanfflewin and Llanbadrig.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is within the deanery of Twrcelyn.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is within the archdeaconry of Bangor.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is within the Diocese of Bangor.
As of 2012, the rector of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is the Reverend Canon G W Edwards.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was used at one time as a chapel of ease for St Eilian’s Church, Llaneilian.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has been described as "tiny."
The Diocese of Bangor states that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is the second-smallest church in Anglesey.
The nave and chancel of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd measure together 34 feet 9 inches by 14 feet (about 10.6 m by 4.3 m).
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is constructed of rubble masonry.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is dressed with freestone.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a foundation of boulders.
The roof of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is made of slate.
The roof timbers of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd can be seen from inside.
The only bell of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is dated 1747.
The only bell of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is decorated with a vine scroll.
The door to St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is on the north side through a porch.
The doorway to the porch of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a rounded head.
The doorway to the porch of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a 15th-century style doorjamb.
The porch of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is more modern than the doorway.
The windows in the nave of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd have rounded tops.
There is one window in the north wall of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
There is one window in the west wall of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
There are two windows in the south wall of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
The window at the east end of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd dates from the late 16th century.
The window at the east end of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is rectangular with three arched lights set in a square frame.
The lights of the window at the east end of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd are separated by mullions.
There is an external hoodmould above the window at the east end of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
There are two fonts in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
One font in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd may be medieval in origin.
One font in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is a gritstone bowl of rectangular shape.
The other font in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd may have been added during the 19th-century restoration.
The other font in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is an oval alabaster bowl with rich decoration.
The south wall of the chancel of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a brass tablet to mark money received from Queen Anne’s Bounty in 1720.
The south wall of the chancel of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a brass tablet to mark money received from Robert Wynn, rector of Llantrisant, Anglesey, in 1727.
There are various memorials on the interior walls of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
Edward Wynne is buried in the churchyard of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
Edward Wynne, his siblings, and his parents are commemorated by various brass tablets in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
The 1937 survey of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd by the Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments in Wales and Monmouthshire claims that seven generations of Wynne’s male ancestors were buried in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd, beginning with Rees ap Llewelyn in 1500.
The survey recorded that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd possessed a silver cup from about 1641 donated by Wynne.
The survey recorded that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd possessed a silver cup and paten donated by Wynne’s sister Ellin in 1703.
The survey recorded that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd possessed part of an oak table top with a Latin inscription and the date 1611.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has national recognition and statutory protection from alteration.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
The Grade II listing of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is the lowest of the three grades of listing.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was given Grade II status on 12 May 1970.
St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has been listed as a simple rural church of Medieval origins.
Cadw notes that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd retains Medieval fabric.
Cadw describes St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd as largely of 19th-century character.
Cadw describes St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd as a simple vernacular building.
Angharad Llwyd described St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd as a small ancient edifice.
Angharad Llwyd noted the memorials to the Wynnes in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
Angharad Llwyd recorded that Edward Wynne donated 121 acres (49 ha) in 1722.
Angharad Llwyd recorded that Edward Wynne donated a rent charge of £2 to endow the living.
Angharad Llwyd recorded that £800 was received from Queen Anne’s Bounty.
A 2006 guide to the churches of the county describes St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd as one of the smallest churches in Anglesey.
A 2006 guide to the churches of the county says that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd stood in a pleasant location.