Clare Winger Harris was born on January 18, 1891, in Freeport, Illinois.
Clare Winger Harris died in Pasadena, California in 1968.
Clare Winger Harris was an early science fiction writer.
Clare Winger Harris's short stories were published during the 1920s.
Clare Winger Harris is credited as the first woman to publish stories under her own name in science fiction magazines.
Clare Winger Harris's stories often dealt with characters on the "borders of humanity" such as cyborgs.
Clare Winger Harris began publishing in 1926.
Clare Winger Harris became well liked by readers.
Clare Winger Harris sold a total of eleven stories.
Clare Winger Harris's stories were collected in 1947 as "Away From the Here and Now."
Gernsback was the editor who first bought Clare Winger Harris's work.
Gernsback was surprised to learn that Clare Winger Harris was a woman.
Clare Winger Harris was the first woman to publish science fiction stories under her own name.
Clare Winger Harris's stories often feature strong female characters.
Clare Winger Harris's stories have been occasionally reprinted.
Clare Winger Harris's stories have received some positive critical response.
Clare Winger Harris is recognized for her pioneering role as a woman writer in a male-dominated field.
Clare Winger Harris attended Smith College in Massachusetts.
Clare Winger Harris married Frank Clyde Harris in 1912.
Frank Clyde Harris was an architect and engineer.
Frank Clyde Harris served in World War I.
Frank Clyde Harris was chief engineer with the Loudon Machinery Company in Iowa.
Frank Clyde Harris was one of the organizers of the American Monorail Company of Cleveland, Ohio.
Clare Winger Harris gave birth to three sons.
Clyde Winger was born in 1915.
Donald Stover was born in 1916.
Lynn Thackrey was born in 1918.
Clare Winger Harris wrote her most acclaimed works during the 1920s.
Clare Winger Harris stopped writing in 1930 to raise and educate her children.
Clare Winger Harris published her first short story, "The Runaway World," in the July 1926 issue of Weird Tales.
Clare Winger Harris submitted a story for a contest run by Amazing Stories editor Hugo Gernsback in December 1926.
Clare Winger Harris's story, "The Fate of the Poseidonia," placed third in the contest.
Clare Winger Harris became one of Gernsback's most popular writers.
Clare Winger Harris published eleven short stories in pulp magazines.
Most of Clare Winger Harris's stories were published in Amazing Stories.
Clare Winger Harris also published in Science Wonder Quarterly.
Clare Winger Harris's short stories were collected under the title "Away from the Here and Now" in 1947.
Clare Winger Harris's stories have been reprinted in anthologies.
Clare Winger Harris's stories have been included in "Daughters of Earth: Feminist Science Fiction in the 20th Century."
Clare Winger Harris's stories have been included in "Sci-Fi Womanthology."
Clare Winger Harris's stories have been included in "Amazing Science Fiction Anthology: The Wonder Years 1926-1935."
Clare Winger Harris's stories have been included in "Gosh Wow! Sense of Wonder Science Fiction."
Clare Winger Harris wrote one novel titled "Persephone of Eleusis: A Romance of Ancient Greece" in 1923.
Clare Winger Harris wrote one of the first attempts to classify science fiction.
Clare Winger Harris listed 16 basic science fiction themes in the August 1931 issue of Wonder Stories.
The themes listed by Clare Winger Harris included "Interplanetary space travel."
The themes listed by Clare Winger Harris included "Adventures on other worlds."
The themes listed by Clare Winger Harris included "The creation of synthetic life."
Gernsback praised Clare Winger Harris's writing when he published her first short story in Amazing Stories.
Gernsback expressed amazement that a woman could write good scientifiction.
Gernsback stated that women do not make good scientifiction writers as a rule.
Gernsback claimed that women's education and general tendencies on scientific matters are usually limited.
Gernsback acknowledged that Clare Winger Harris was an exception to his rule.
Clare Winger Harris claimed to have been the first woman science fiction writer in the United States.
The claim that Clare Winger Harris was the first woman science fiction writer can be debated.
Gertrude Barrows Bennett published science fiction stories as early as 1917 under the pseudonym Francis Stevens.
Clare Winger Harris is recognized as the first woman to publish stories in science fiction magazines under her own name.
Clare Winger Harris published only a handful of stories.
Almost all of Clare Winger Harris's stories have been reprinted over the years.
"The Miracle of the Lily" has been reprinted the most among Clare Winger Harris's stories.
Many critics have praised "The Miracle of the Lily."
Richard Lupoff stated that "The Miracle of the Lily" would have won the Hugo Award for best short story if the award had existed then.
Richard Lupoff wrote that today's readers may find Clare Winger Harris's prose creaky and old-fashioned.
Richard Lupoff stated that Clare Winger Harris's stories teem with still-fresh and provocative ideas.
"The Fate of the Poseidonia" has been reprinted a number of times.
"The Fate of the Poseidonia" is credited as an early example of a science fiction story with a heroic female lead character.
Other stories by Clare Winger Harris are noted for featuring strong female characters.
Sylvia is an airplane pilot and mechanic in "The Ape Cycle" (1930).
Clare Winger Harris wrote one story utilizing a female point of view in "The Fifth Dimension" (1928).
Clare Winger Harris has been recognized as a pioneer of women's and feminist science fiction.