Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back is a computer game developed and published by British developer Palace Software.
Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back is a sequel to the 1985 title Cauldron.
Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back is a two-dimensional (2D) platform game.
Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back was released in 1986 for the ZX Spectrum.
Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back was released in 1986 for the Commodore 64.
Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back was released in 1986 for the Amstrad CPC home computers.
Players control a bouncing pumpkin in Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back.
The bouncing pumpkin is on a quest of vengeance against the "Witch Queen" in Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back.
The roles of the pumpkin and the witch were reversed from the first game.
In the first game, the witch defeated a monster pumpkin.
Steve Brown began work on a sequel to Cauldron following its success.
A very different gameplay was implemented for the sequel to provide fans of the original title with a new experience.
Several minor features retained connections to the first game.
Steve Brown designed Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back around the bouncing pumpkin character's movement.
The bouncing mechanic proved problematic for the programmers.
The programmers were unable to perfect the implementation of the bouncing mechanic.
Technical limitations prevented the programmers from implementing certain animations.
The animations that could not be implemented included turning pages of a book.
Cauldron II was first released on the Commodore 64.
Cauldron II was released in the following years on other systems.
Cauldron II was released as re-releases.
The game received praise mainly for its audio-visuals in video game magazines.
Difficulty in handling the bouncing pumpkin's movement was a common complaint.
Reviewers felt the overall package of Cauldron II was of good value.
In Cauldron, the protagonist was a witch.
The witch became the "Witch Queen" by defeating an enemy called the "Pumpking."
In Cauldron II, players control a pumpkin that has survived the witch's ascent to power.
The pumpkin seeks to defeat the witch in Cauldron II.
Cauldron II takes place in the witch's castle.
Players control the pumpkin by manipulating the direction and height of its bounce.
Halloween-themed enemies inhabit the game world of Cauldron II.
The Halloween-themed enemies include ghosts, monsters, and skeletons.
Contact with an enemy drains the pumpkin's magic meter.
The magic meter fuels the protagonist's offensive projectiles.
The character dies once the magic meter is depleted.
The pumpkin has a limited number of lives to continue the game.
The game ends once all of the pumpkin's lives have been expended.
On continuing, the pumpkin reappears on the screen with a refilled magic meter.
The success of Cauldron in 1985 prompted Palace Software to produce a sequel.
The development team wanted to be innovative and implement new gameplay features for the sequel.
Steven Brown resumed his role as designer for Cauldron II.
Richard Leinfellner resumed his role as programmer for Cauldron II.
Richard Joseph handled the audio design for Cauldron II.
Stan Schembri programmed the Commodore 64 version of Cauldron II.
Brown drew inspiration from the final scene of Cauldron.
The final scene of Cauldron features the witch's fight against the Pumpking.
The Pumpking bounced around a room in the final scene of Cauldron.
Brown felt the bouncing pumpkin looked "cool."
Brown decided to base the sequel's gameplay on the bouncing pumpkin's aspect.
The other team members proceeded with development despite being unsure about the idea.
The pumpkin's movement could change direction only if force is applied to it while in contact with a surface that provides friction.
The mechanic prohibited the pumpkin from changing directions while in mid-air.
The mechanic proved problematic for the programmers to implement.
Issues included difficulties with collision detection.
Unpredictable movements led to glitches during development.
The pumpkin's ability to fire projectiles was intended to provide offensive game mechanics to players.
In early designs, the projectile inadvertently generated a force that changed the pumpkin's direction.
The programmers tried to correct the projectile issue but were unable to create a perfect solution.
Brown switched focus to the game's aesthetics as the gameplay designs were being implemented.
Scenes from the game were sketched on storyboards to aid development.
Cauldron II's game world was designed to resemble Palace Software's logo as an advertising tactic.
Brown photographed separate screens of the game and assembled them into a complete map.
The complete map showed the shape of Palace Software's logo for video game magazines.
Enemy designs in Cauldron II were similar to those in the previous game.
Enemy designs were based on the Halloween holiday.
Brown envisioned a graphical effect for the game's narration.
The graphical effect would show a book whose pages turned as the story is read.
Technical limitations prohibited the implementation of the graphical effect.
Brown wanted the game's visuals to scroll seamlessly as the character moved through the game world.
Flick-screening was more feasible than seamless scrolling for the game's visuals.
Brown created a Plasticine model of the witch character as a reference for a painting used for the game's box art.
The group tested the game prior to release.
The group deemed the game too challenging prior to release.
The group reduced the difficulty level so that more players could complete the game.
Palace Software developed Cauldron II for three home computers: Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, and ZX Spectrum.
The game was first released for the Commodore 64.
The game was later released for the Amstrad CPC.
The game was later released for the ZX Spectrum.
Cauldron II was re-released on the ZX Spectrum in 1989 by Telecomsoft under its Silverbird budget label.
Cauldron II was re-released with the first game as a compilation title for Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum computers.
The game was well received by video game journalists upon its release.
ZX Spectrum magazines Crash and ZX Computing awarded Cauldron II their top accolades.
Crash awarded Cauldron II the accolade "Crash Smash."
ZX Computing awarded Cauldron II the accolade "Monster Hit."
Praise from the video game press focused on the graphical quality of Cauldron II.
Criticism directed at the gameplay of Cauldron II was mixed.
Computer and Video Games reviewer Paul Boughton praised the size of the game world.
Paul Boughton criticized the audio quality of the Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum versions.
Paul Boughton cited the limited capabilities of the Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum versions.
Paul Boughton felt any version of Cauldron II would be worth purchasing.
Phil South of Your Sinclair praised the game's presentation and design.
Phil South called the graphics of Cauldron II "lovely."
Phil South called the platform gameplay of Cauldron II "original."
ZX Computing's reviewer praised the audio-visuals of Cauldron II.
ZX Computing's reviewer recommended Cauldron II for fans of the previous game.
A Crash magazine reviewer lauded the audio-visuals of the ZX Spectrum version of Cauldron II.
A Crash magazine reviewer commented that the gameplay of Cauldron II offered more than its predecessor's.
A Crash magazine reviewer described Cauldron II as difficult.
A Crash magazine reviewer felt that the sense of accomplishment gained from successful completion outweighed the negative aspect.
Computer Gamer's reviewer criticized the bouncing gameplay of Cauldron II.
Computer Gamer's reviewer cited unpredictable reactions and difficulty in navigating around tough enemies.
Rich Pelley and Jon Pillar of Your Sinclair echoed similar comments about the gameplay.
Retro Gamer writer Craig Grannell described the game's difficulty as the "only real criticism."
The ZX Computing reviewer criticized the bouncing aspect of Cauldron II.
The ZX Computing reviewer praised the overall game design of Cauldron II as enjoyable.
Phil King, another Crash reviewer, praised the Silverbird re-release of Cauldron II.
Phil King called the graphics of Cauldron II "colorful."
Phil King called the graphics of Cauldron II "well-animated."
Phil King felt that Cauldron II was of good value despite an excessive difficulty.
The commercial success of the two Cauldron games prompted Palace to give Steve Brown more creative freedom for his following project.
Steve Brown's following project is Barbarian: The Ultimate Warrior.