"A Chorus Lie" is the sixteenth episode of the American television series Will & Grace's fourth season.
The episode was written by Tracy Poust and Jon Kinnally.
The episode was directed by series producer James Burrows.
The episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on February 7, 2002.
Guest stars in "A Chorus Lie" include Matt Damon.
Guest stars in "A Chorus Lie" include Leslie Jordan.
Guest stars in "A Chorus Lie" include Patrick Kerr.
Guest stars in "A Chorus Lie" include real life members of the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles.
Jack (Sean Hayes) begins a rivalry with a fellow named Owen (Matt Damon).
Jack and Owen are competing to be the final entrant in a gay men's chorus.
Jack learns that Owen is straight.
Jack tries to "in" Owen with help from Grace (Debra Messing).
Karen (Megan Mullally) tries to pass off Will (Eric McCormack) as her lover.
Karen tries to pass off Will as not her lawyer.
Karen discovers that she is the object of pity for being single at her own Valentine's Day party.
The episode received positive reviews from television critics.
According to Nielsen ratings, "A Chorus Lie" was watched by 25.3 million viewers during its original broadcast.
"A Chorus Lie" is the most-watched episode in the history of Will & Grace.
The episode garnered three Emmy Award nominations.
The episode won one Emmy Award in the "Cinematography for a Multi-Camera Series" category.
Following his audition, Jack (Sean Hayes) receives a call back.
Jack is informed that he has become a finalist for the Manhattan Gay Men's Chorus.
Jack is informed by the choral director that he will have a solo.
Owen (Matt Damon) barges in and sings his part before Jack can sing his solo.
Jack sees Owen as competition.
Jack thinks of a way to get rid of Owen.
Jack learns that Owen is posing as a gay man.
Jack observes Owen gaze at a woman.
Jack strikes a plan to get Owen to confess he is straight.
Jack invites Owen to "rehearse" in Will and Grace's apartment.
Jack's plan fails miserably.
Jack enlists the help of Grace (Debra Messing) to "in" Owen for him.
Grace begins flirting with Owen.
Grace and Owen ultimately make out.
Jack barges in and takes a picture of Grace and Owen.
Owen tricks Jack into pulling the film out of the camera.
Owen destroys the proof of Grace and Owen making out.
At the chorus rehearsal, Jack and Owen begin bickering.
Jack reveals to everyone that Owen is straight.
Owen admits that he is straight.
The chorus director (Patrick Kerr) tells Owen he has made it into the chorus.
Will (Eric McCormack) accepts Karen's (Megan Mullally) invitation as her date.
Will accepts the invitation due to Karen's husband being in prison.
Karen's annual Valentine's Day party is where Will is invited as her date.
Karen passes off Will as her "gigolo."
Karen passes off Will as her "gigolo" after her rival Beverley Leslie (Leslie Jordan) teases her for being alone.
Word gets around that Will is "working" for Karen for the weekend.
Many women ask for Will's "services."
Will believes he is accepting legal clients.
Karen reveals to Will that she has been telling everyone he is her gigolo.
Will becomes outraged at the revelation.
Will leaves after becoming outraged.
Beverley makes fun of Karen because she has no partner for the annual spotlight dance.
Will returns to the party.
Will dances with Karen.
"A Chorus Lie" was written by Tracy Poust and Jon Kinnally.
"A Chorus Lie" was directed by series producer James Burrows.
In January 2002, it was confirmed that actor Matt Damon would guest star on Will & Grace.
In January 2002, it was announced that NBC would extend "A Chorus Lie" with four additional minutes.
NBC's "supersize" plan was to compete against the CBS reality show Survivor.
Jeff Zucker was the President of NBC Entertainment at the time.
The show's producers approached NBC about the "supersizing" idea.
The producers asked NBC if the network could handle a few extra minutes of footage.
Zucker commented that the lengthening of this episode turned out great.
Zucker stated that there was no real extra work for anyone.
Zucker described the development as great.
Damon revealed that he was asked to appear on the show by Sean Hayes.
Damon is a friend of Sean Hayes.
Sean Hayes plays Jack on Will & Grace.
Damon enjoyed the idea for the episode.
Damon agreed to appear on the show.
Damon commented that it was easy for him to get into character.
Damon had previously played a gay character in the film The Talented Mr. Ripley (1999).
Damon told the Chicago Sun-Times in June 2002 that he would like to come back and guest star.
Grace is wearing a pair of Seven jeans when she and Owen make out on the couch.
Betsy Taylor of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch stated that this scene prompted a ripple effect in the United States.
The ripple effect was of people seeking out the jeans label.
Jack and Owen are singing with the chorus at the chorus rehearsal.
Jack sings "Lyin' and a-cheatin'!" to Owen.
Owen sings "tubby and a-tone-deaf" to Jack.
Jack's line is a reference to Hal David and Burt Bacharach's 1963 song "Wishin' and Hopin'."
"A Chorus Lie" brought in 25.3 million viewers.
The episode drew the highest amount of viewers in the show's history according to Nielsen ratings.
The episode received a 15.5 rating / 23 share among viewers in the 18-49 demographic.
The episode outperformed the 15.2 rating / 22 share of CBS's crime drama series CSI: Crime Scene Investigation in the 18-49 category.
The episode was nominated for three Emmy Awards.
Tony Askins won an Emmy for Cinematography for a Multi-Camera Series.
Peter Chakos was nominated for Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing for a Series.
James Burrows was nominated for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series.
The episode received generally positive reception.
Several American critics characterized the episode as the best episode of the show.
Jason Steele of the Chicago Tribune's RedEye named the episode one of his three favorite episodes of Will & Grace.
Jeffrey Robinson of DVD Talk wrote that the episode was hilarious.
Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly noted that Damon appeared as a straight guy posing as homosexual.
Damon competed with Jack (Sean Hayes) for a spot in a gay men's choir.
The show explores themes with humor that doesn't betray or belittle its core gay characters.
Scott D. Pierce of the Deseret News was less positive about the episode.
Scott D. Pierce stated that the episode plays like bad camp.
Scott D. Pierce noted that the characters seem more like the inhabitants of a lame Saturday Night Live sketch.
Scott D. Pierce commented on the extent of the tastelessness of the sex talk and Karen faking a sexual encounter.
Critics praised Damon’s performance in the episode.
A television reviewer from The Sacramento Bee noted that Damon did a well-publicized (and very good) gig on the show.
Robert Bianco of USA Today commented that Damon was incredibly charming and funny.
Matt Roush of TV Guide said that inspired guest stars made the season better.
Matt Roush mentioned Matt Damon as a straight guy bluffing his way into a gay chorus.
Matt Roush mentioned Michael Douglas as a gay detective clowning it up on the dance floor.
Matt Roush mentioned Glenn Close as a lusty photographer groping both Will and Grace during a shoot.
Wales on Sunday’s Wil Marlow called Damon’s performance one of the most memorable guest appearances in the history of the show.
Wil Marlow commented that Damon held his own well against serial scene-stealer Sean Hayes.
Mark Perigard of the Boston Herald said the episode flies with jokes predicated on stereotypes and sexual innuendo.
Mark Perigard stated that Damon is a good sport with all the silliness.
Mark Perigard noted that Damon seems more at ease in the sitcom than he has in his last three films.
Eric McCormack, who portrays Will, said Damon was magnificent in the episode.
Eric McCormack described the experience with Damon as a great experience for the cast of the show.
Sean Hayes cites "A Chorus Lie" as one of his favorite episodes.
In March 2006, Entertainment Weekly named Damon’s guest spot as their number two most memorable guest appearance on Will & Grace.