School District 53 Okanagan Similkameen is a school district.
School District 53 Okanagan Similkameen serves fragments of the southern Okanagan and lower Similkameen regions.
The regions served by School District 53 include Cawston, Hedley, Keremeos, Okanagan Falls, Oliver, and Osoyoos.
School District 53 includes a total of six communities.
All communities within School District 53 are in British Columbia, Canada.
The main maintenance department office of School District 53 is held in Oliver.
School District 53 consists of ten schools.
Five schools in School District 53 are elementary schools.
Three schools in School District 53 are high or secondary schools.
Two schools in School District 53 are alternative schools.
Beverly Young is the superintendent of School District 53.
2,665 students attend schools in School District 53.
School District 53 has 480 employees.
The motto of School District 53 is "Learning Today for Living Tomorrow."
All places within School District 53 are towns or villages.
School District 53 offers three adult learning outlets.
School District 53 offers an outreach school.
School District 53 offers three early learning centres.
School District 53 offers one elementary hockey academy.
School District 53 supports Aboriginal people.
School District 53 provides a school bus transportation service.
The school bus transportation service is responsible to the Director of Facilities.
The school bus transportation service has been considered for expansion.
School District 53 maintains a policy on emergencies.
The emergency policy of School District 53 was amended on April 30, 2008.
School District 53 has a smoke-free policy.
The smoke-free policy of School District 53 was amended on September 26, 2007.
School District 53 consists of ten schools within a total of six communities.
The schools of the lower Similkameen include Cawston Primary School.
Cawston Primary School is held in the town of Cawston.
The principal of Cawston Primary School is Linda Thiel.
Linda Thiel also served as the principal for Hedley Elementary School.
Hedley Elementary School was held in the town of Hedley.
Hedley Elementary School closed in January 2008.
The Okanagan Similkameen district voted four to two to close Hedley Elementary School.
Both Cawston Primary School and Hedley Elementary School held students from Kindergarten to Grade 4.
The village of Keremeos is home to Similkameen Elementary Secondary School.
Similkameen Elementary Secondary School holds students from Grades 5 to 12.
The principal of Similkameen Elementary Secondary School is Marcus Toneatto.
The southern Okanagan holds seven of the ten schools in School District 53.
The main maintenance department office of School District 53 is held in the town of Oliver.
All schools in the Okanagan region maintain the same format.
Elementary schools in the Okanagan region have children from Kindergarten to Grade 8.
Secondary schools in the Okanagan region consist of pupils from Grade 8 to 12.
Okanagan Falls Elementary School is held in the town of Okanagan Falls.
The principal of Okanagan Falls Elementary School is Lisa McCall.
Osoyoos town is home to Osoyoos Elementary School.
The principal of Osoyoos Elementary School is David Foster.
Osoyoos town is home to Osoyoos Secondary School.
The principal of Osoyoos Secondary School is G. Heinrichs.
Since 2001, British Columbia has invested over 4.8 million Canadian dollars on replacing Osoyoos Elementary School.
British Columbia has invested over 4.8 million Canadian dollars on replacing Okanagan Falls Elementary School.
School District 53 offers the Okanagan Similkameen Learning Centre.
The Okanagan Similkameen Learning Centre consists of students from Grades 8 to 12.
The principal of the Okanagan Similkameen Learning Centre is B. Hansen.
Oliver is home to Oliver Elementary School as of September 2011.
Oliver is home to Tuc-el-Nuit Elementary School as of September 2011.
The principal of Oliver Elementary School is Mike Safek.
The principal of Tuc-el-Nuit Elementary School is D. Foster.
The community of Oliver had a secondary school named Southern Okanagan Secondary School.
Southern Okanagan Secondary School was burnt by a fire in September 2011.
The fire occurred during the multi-million dollar renovation project of Southern Okanagan Secondary School.
The Royal Canadian Mounted Police's investigation found no conclusion regarding the fire.
The Government of British Columbia is contributing to the rebuilding of Southern Okanagan Secondary School.
The construction of Southern Okanagan Secondary School began in spring 2012.
The completion of Southern Okanagan Secondary School is slated for 2013.
School District 53 works with a number of Aboriginal people.
School District 53 signed an enhancement agreement to improve academic achievement of Aboriginal people.
1,303 of the 2,665 students within School District 53 attend elementary schools.
1,202 of the 2,665 students within School District 53 attend secondary schools.
102 students within School District 53 are adult education students.
School District 53 contains 480 employees.
Marieze Tarr is the board chair of School District 53.
Lynda Minnabarriet is the secretary treasurer of School District 53.
John Slater is the MLA for School District 53.
School District 53 has five trustees.
The province of British Columbia gives funds to School District 53.
The funds given to School District 53 are based on the number of kids enrolled for the year.
Further money is often left over by the end of the year.
StrongStart BC operates at three schools within School District 53.
StrongStart BC is an early learning initiatives program.
StrongStart BC operates at Okanagan Falls Elementary School.
StrongStart BC operates at Oliver Elementary School.
StrongStart BC operates at Cawston Primary School.
StrongStart BC operates at Osoyoos Elementary School.
The district's boundaries include three First Nations Bands.
The three First Nations Bands included in the district's boundaries are the Osoyoos Indian Band, the upper Similkameen Band, and the lower Similkameen Band.
The three First Nations Bands are all Indian governments.
An emergency at schools within School District 53 can result in school or bus transportation facilities.
The district's policy on emergency was amended on April 30, 2008.
The emergency policy includes fire, threats or facilities, violence, school bus accidents, severe weather, earthquakes, hazardous spills, accidents, explosions, or floods.
The emergency policy was amended because the district recognizes the importance of emergencies.
The emergencies can be both natural and human.
The district necessitates to develop plans for emergencies.
School District 53 maintains a smoke-free policy.
It is prohibited to smoke in a School District 53 area.
The smoke-free policy was amended on September 26, 2007.