Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was born on 6 August 1942 in the town of Jawi Folu, Eastern Province, Sierra Leone.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was the son of a farmer and chief of the village.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh moved to Freetown, the capital of Sierra Leone, after his mother died while he was in his teens.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh studied chemistry and biology at Fourah Bay College.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh began teaching after receiving his BSc.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh began studying medicine in Nigeria at the University of Ibadan in 1968.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh graduated from the University of Ibadan in 1974.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh spent the next four years employed by the Ibadan Teaching Hospital.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh returned home to Sierra Leone in 1979.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh married Sarah.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh raised a family with his wife Sarah.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh produced several sons and daughters.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was a Sierra Leonean physician.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was an expert on the clinical treatment of Lassa fever.
Lassa fever is a viral haemorrhagic fever endemic to West Africa.
Lassa fever is caused by the Lassa virus.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh studied medicine at the University of Ibadan in Nigeria.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh taught at Ibadan Teaching Hospital.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh joined the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Lassa fever program at Nixon Methodist Hospital in Segbwema.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh first served as superintendent at Nixon Methodist Hospital.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh later served as clinical director at Nixon Methodist Hospital.
The CDC closed their program in Segbwema after the Sierra Leone Civil War began in 1991.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh and his medical team moved from Segbwema to the Kenema Government Hospital (KGH).
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh spent the next two decades running the only dedicated Lassa fever ward in the world.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh collaborated with the British charity Merlin to promote public health in Sierra Leone.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's campaigns were intended to prevent Lassa fever.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh successfully reduced mortality rates.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh saved many lives until an accidental needlestick injury led to his own death from Lassa fever in 2004.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh received renewed public attention in 2009 as the hero of Ross I. Donaldson's memoir, The Lassa Ward.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was born in the town of Jawi Folu.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was born in Eastern Province, Sierra Leone.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's mother died while he was in his teens.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh studied medicine at the University of Ibadan.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh graduated in 1974.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh spent four years employed by the Ibadan Teaching Hospital.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh returned to Sierra Leone in 1979.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh raised a family with Sarah.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh worked with patients suffering from Lassa fever.
Lassa fever was first brought to the attention of the public in 1969 during an outbreak in Nigeria.
Lassa fever was identified in 1972.
Lassa fever is known to spread through its host, the Natal multimammate mouse (Mastomys natalensis).
Lassa fever infects an estimated 300,000 people annually in Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea.
Lassa fever results in 5,000 deaths annually in Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea.
A nosocomial outbreak in the Panguma Catholic Hospital attracted attention in the United States in 1976.
The CDC established research programs in Segbwema, Kenema, and Panguma to study Lassa fever.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh began working with the CDC at Nixon Methodist Hospital in Segbwema in 1979.
Joseph B. McCormick was the team leader at Nixon Methodist Hospital.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh became Medical Superintendent of Nixon Methodist Hospital in 1980.
The Sierra Leone Civil War broke out in 1991.
The CDC closed their program and moved to Guinea due to the civil war.
The hospital was destroyed in the conflict.
The spread of Lassa fever grew worse during the civil war.
The Natal multimammate mouse infested abandoned houses during the civil war.
The infestation of Natal multimammate mice increased the likelihood of Lassa fever infection.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh found himself in the middle of a war zone.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was starving and homeless during the civil war.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh wandered about for several months.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh began treating the sick in Kenema during the fighting.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh had friends overseas.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh could have procured a job outside Sierra Leone.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh chose to stay and help his people.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh believed that his people had no one to help them.
Most experts familiar with Lassa fever left Sierra Leone due to the war.
Patients suspected of having Lassa fever began to be brought to Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh for treatment.
The Lassa team moved from Segbwema to the Kenema Government Hospital (KGH).
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh became director of the only Lassa fever isolation ward in the world at KGH.
Rebels from the Revolutionary United Front took over the town of Kenema in 1997 and 1999.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh never left his post during the rebel takeover.
It is thought that the rebels spared the hospital from destruction.
The rebels were afraid of catching Lassa fever.
The civil war ended in 2002.
The government of Sierra Leone began the process of rebuilding the country after the civil war.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was the only clinician in Sierra Leone with the skills and qualifications to manage patients with Lassa fever during the civil war.
The Lassa ward was supported by Merlin in the absence of the CDC.
Nicholas Mellor is the co-founder of Merlin.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh worked with Merlin to get a new laboratory built.
The new laboratory would enable collaboration with international research centers interested in haemorrhagic diseases.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh worked on training and Lassa fever awareness campaigns.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's Lassa fever program provided the blueprint for many experts.
Daniel Bausch began working with Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh and the CDC on research related to Lassa fever in 1996.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh coauthored a study published in the Journal of Clinical Microbiology in 2000.
The study compared the efficacy and outcome of diagnosing Lassa fever patients with the indirect fluorescent-antibody (IFA) test and the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).
The study focused specifically on the development of a diagnostic test for Lassa fever.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh traveled to London, England in 2001 to attend an international conference on Lassa fever.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh presented a paper on managing Lassa fever at the conference.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh returned to London in September 2003.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh received the "Spirit of Merlin" award in September 2003.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh received the award for his outstanding role in saving lives and alleviating suffering.
The Lassa ward was short-staffed.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh often drew blood from patients himself.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was infected with the Lassa virus on 17 March 2004.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh received a needlestick injury while drawing blood from a young pregnant nurse suffering from Lassa fever.
The young pregnant nurse died the next day.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh became ill on 23 March 2004.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was treated with intravenous ribavirin.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh initially survived the critical stage of Lassa fever.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh died on 4 April 2004 from renal failure.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh died 18 days after first becoming infected with the Lassa virus.
Sulaiman Momodu described the outpouring of grief in the wake of Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
News of Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death spread in Kenema and its environs like a bush fire in the harmattan.
Most people were devastated to learn that the only Lassa fever specialist in Sierra Leone was gone.
Nurses cried after Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
Patients wept after Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
Kenema was thrown into a state of shock and mourning after Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's funeral was held in the town of Daru.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's work in the Lassa ward spanned 25 years.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's work saved thousands of lives.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh played a key role in helping Merlin implement a program to support the Lassa ward.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh helped implement fever control measures in Sierra Leone.
Deaths due to cases of suspected Lassa fever declined by 20% because of Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's skill and dedication.
After Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death, Merlin and the peacekeepers in the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) left Sierra Leone.
The Lassa ward in Kenema was barely functioning after Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
In 2004, Tulane University began monitoring Lassa fever patients in Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea.
Tulane University began monitoring Lassa fever patients through the Mano River Union Lassa Fever Network (MRU-LFN).
The Lassa Fever Program is fully operational at Kenema Government Hospital today.
The Lassa Fever Program focuses on treatment, containment, prevention, and research.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was the mentor for UCLA medical professor Ross I. Donaldson in the summer of 2003.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh is the hero of Ross I. Donaldson's 2009 memoir, The Lassa Ward.