Man Enters the Cosmos is a cast bronze sculpture by Henry Moore.
Man Enters the Cosmos is located on the Lake Michigan lakefront outside the Adler Planetarium.
The Adler Planetarium is in the Museum Campus area of downtown Chicago.
The Adler Planetarium is in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
The Adler Planetarium is both a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
The Adler Planetarium is located in the Near South Side community area of Chicago.
Henry Moore's sculpture is a functional bowstring equatorial sundial.
The bowstring equatorial sundial was created in 1980.
The bowstring equatorial sundial measures approximately 13 feet (4.0 m).
The sundial was formerly located slightly further south at the steps of the main entry plaza to the Adler Planetarium.
The sundial now sits directly on the lakefront.
The work is a later copy of a composition first created in the 1960s.
The composition was first created for the offices of The Times newspaper at Printing House Square in London.
The Henry Moore Foundation titles the work Sundial 1965 - 66.
The sundial has two plaques on its base.
The plaque on the left is a commemorative plaque discussing the benefactor and purpose of the sculpture.
The benefactor of the sculpture was the B.F. Ferguson Monument fund.
The B.F. Ferguson Monument fund has commissioned several works of art throughout Chicago.
Many of the Ferguson fund's commissioned works are housed in and on the grounds of the Art Institute of Chicago.
Many of the Ferguson fund's commissioned works are housed elsewhere in Grant Park.
The purpose of the commission was to recognize the space exploration program.
The plaque on the right is an equation of time table.
The equation of time table corrects for the time differences caused by the axial tilt of the Earth.
The equation of time table corrects for the time differences caused by the Earth's orbital eccentricity.
The equation of time table does not correct for daylight saving time.
Most of Henry Moore's work completed after 1954 is a modeled sculpture.
This sculpture is composed of two bronze semicircles.
One bronze semicircle is set inside and at right angles to the other.
The sculpture has a slim bronze rod that extends from one end of the outer semicircle to the other.
The slim bronze rod serves as the gnomon (indicator).
The bowstring equatorial sundial derives its name from the appearance of the shadow-casting gnomon.
The shadow-casting gnomon resembles a bow string.
The shadow of the rod projects onto the inner semicircle.
The inner semicircle serves as the dial face (or dial plate).
The dial face marks the time of day when there is sufficient sunlight to produce shadows.
Different sections of the rod serve as the style over the course of the year.
The style is the part of the gnomon that indicates the time by casting its shadow on the dial face.
At the summer solstice, the Sun is highest (farthest above the equatorial plane).
At the summer solstice, the style is closest to the top of the rod.
At the winter solstice, the Sun is lowest.
At the winter solstice, the style is closest to the bottom of the rod.
At the equinoxes, the Sun is on the equatorial plane.
At the equinoxes, the style is exactly in the center of the length of the rod.
The style of the equatorial sundial is parallel to the Earth's axis of rotation.
This type of sundial is known as an equatorial sundial.
The plane of the dial face is parallel to the Earth's equatorial plane.
Two primary examples of modified equatorial sundials are bowstring equatorial and armillary dials.
Both modified equatorial sundials can be read year-round on the same surface.
Both modified equatorial sundials can be read regardless of whether the Sun is above or below the equatorial plane.
A standard equatorial sundial changes sides with each equinox.
A standard equatorial sundial is virtually unreadable near the equinoxes.
A standard equatorial sundial is virtually unreadable when the Sun is located on the equatorial plane.
Between 1997 and 1999, the Adler Planetarium added a sky pavilion to the original 1930 architecture.
The Adler Planetarium moved the roads during the addition of the sky pavilion.
The sundial was moved to its current location during the addition of the sky pavilion.
The move of the sundial was performed by contractors of the Adler Planetarium.
The move of the sundial was performed in two phases.
First, the sculpture was removed and placed in storage.
The sculpture was removed to make way for the current roadway.
The sculpture was later moved to its current position after the new roadway was built.
The old roadway was replaced with a walkway.
A U-turn in Solidarity Drive runs through the original location of the sundial.
The sundial is located on the walkway that replaced the previous roadway.
The new location of the sundial can be seen on a Museum Campus map.
The construction was contemporaneous with a $100 million project.
The $100 million project reconfigured traffic around the Museum Campus.
The $100 million project caused Lake Shore Drive to be moved during the mid-1990s.
When Henry Moore was alive, he took pride in viewing his sculptures in the open-air environment.
Henry Moore once said he would prefer to see his sculptures in any open landscape.
Henry Moore would prefer to see his sculptures than in even the most beautiful buildings he knew.
Including the sculpture Man Enters the Cosmos, Henry Moore has a total of four public sculptures listed in the Smithsonian Institution's Research Information System (SIRIS).
All of Henry Moore's public sculptures listed in SIRIS are displayed outdoors in Chicago.
All of Henry Moore's public sculptures listed in SIRIS are bronze.
Henry Moore's sculpture Nuclear Energy is situated on the campus of the University of Chicago.
The site of Nuclear Energy is the site of the first self-sustaining nuclear reaction.
The site of Nuclear Energy is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
The site of Nuclear Energy is listed as a National Historic Landmark.
The site of Nuclear Energy is listed as a Chicago Landmark.
Other Chicago works by Henry Moore include Large Interior Form.
Large Interior Form is located in the north garden at the Art Institute of Chicago.
Other Chicago works by Henry Moore include Reclining Figure.
Reclining Figure is on loan to the University of Chicago.
Reclining Figure is located in the Cochrane-Woods Art Center courtyard.
The Henry Moore Foundation lists several other indoor Chicago works.
The indoor Chicago works are located at the Art Institute of Chicago.
The indoor Chicago works are located at The Smart Museum.