"Reptar on Ice" is the tenth episode of the second season of the animated television series Rugrats.
"Reptar on Ice" is the first segment of the twenty-third episode for the entire series.
The episode was written by Peter Gaffney.
The episode was directed by Howard E. Baker.
The episode was originally broadcast on November 8, 1992.
"Reptar on Ice" follows the infant main characters Tommy Pickles, Chuckie Finster, Phil DeVille, and Lil DeVille going to an ice show with their parents.
The ice show follows the love story of the babies' favorite monster, Reptar.
The babies attempt to return a lizard to the actor, assuming the lizard is his child.
"Reptar on Ice" continues Rugrats' employment of the character Reptar.
Reptar is a satirical parody of Godzilla.
The episode includes several other cultural references.
The basic theme of the episode lampoons the commercialization of children's media products.
The episode critiques the plethora of merchandise tie-ins.
The ice show the children see is referent to real-life ice shows, such as "Disney on Ice."
The plot of the ice show centers around a Beauty and the Beast-style love story.
The episode was released on the DVD and VHS compilation "Decade in Diapers."
"Decade in Diapers" included the favorite episodes of Rugrats in their respective category as voted on by fans on Nick.com.
"Decade in Diapers" was celebratory of the show's tenth anniversary.
"Reptar on Ice" was categorized as the "Favorite Reptar-Rageous Episode."
Gord Lacey of TVShowsOnDVD described "Reptar on Ice" as one of his favorite episodes from the compilation.
"Reptar on Ice" is tied with "Vacation Special" as one of Gord Lacey's favorite episodes.
"Reptar on Ice" was adapted into an audio story.
The audio story was featured prominently on the CD and cassette tape "In Search of the Mighty Reptar."
The babies discover a tiny lizard in Tommy Pickles' backyard.
The babies are convinced the lizard is the offspring of Reptar.
Reptar is a fictitious green dinosaur.
Reptar is the main character of many action movies of which the Rugrats are fond.
After learning about the extinction of the dinosaurs, Tommy Pickles decides to return the lizard to Reptar.
Tommy Pickles' family has purchased tickets for a musical ice show based on the character Reptar.
After Tommy Pickles' parents and grandfather have fallen asleep, the babies sneak into the ice rink.
The babies present the lizard to Leo, the actor portraying Reptar.
Leo coincidentally possesses a phobia of lizards.
Stu Pickles, Tommy Pickles' father, sees the Rugrats.
Stu Pickles must retrieve the Rugrats from the ice rink.
"Reptar on Ice" was written by Peter Gaffney.
"Reptar on Ice" was directed by Howard E. Baker.
"Reptar on Ice" was the tenth episode of season two of Rugrats.
Rugrats was created by Arlene Klasky, Gabor Csupo, and Paul Germain.
Arlene Klasky, Gabor Csupo, and Paul Germain are the founders of the self-titled company Klasky-Csupo.
"Reptar on Ice" was originally broadcast on November 8, 1992, on Nickelodeon.
John Schuck guest starred as Reptar.
In the episode, Reptar is played by a man named Leo.
Leo was used during season one's "Reptar's Revenge" dressed as Reptar for a state fair.
"Reptar's Revenge" was also written by Peter Gaffney.
Reptar had been used since season one, episode three, "At the Movies."
Reptar is a satirical parody of the fictional Japanese monster, Godzilla.
Reptar is a green dinosaur.
Reptar embodies the character of Godzilla.
Reptar is portrayed comically.
Reptar's name is referent to the way a child would pronounce "Velociraptor."
The term "Velociraptor" was made famous for its appearance in Jurassic Park.
Jurassic Park was released after Reptar's debut.
Reptar is used to demonstrate the ever-growing domination of Japanese culture into children's society.
"Reptar on Ice" continues the satirical tradition of Rugrats.
"Reptar on Ice" heavily displays the over-commercialization of children's media.
"Reptar on Ice" features several merchandising tie-ins.
Angelica Pickles is insistent on only eating Reptar brand cereal.
Stu Pickles states that Reptar brand cereal has "no actual food in it."
The ice show the babies attend mocks several different real-life ice shows.
The real-life ice shows include "Disney on Ice" and "Barney on Ice."
Another reference in the episode is the joke about Beauty and the Beast in the romantic plot of the entire "Reptar on Ice" performance.
"Reptar on Ice" was originally broadcast on November 8, 1992.
The 1997 VHS tape "Return of Reptar" was the first home video release with "Reptar on Ice."
In 2001, "Reptar on Ice" is featured on a VHS and DVD compilation for the show's tenth anniversary.
The compilation is entitled "Decade in Diapers."
The compilation included ten episodes that were voted by fans on Nick.com as their favorites in specific categories.
"Reptar on Ice" was listed as the favorite "Reptar-Rageous Episode."
The "Decade in Diapers" video had originally been released as a VHS in 2001.
Paramount Studios intended to concurrently release "Decade in Diapers" as a DVD.
Paramount Studios opted to wait a year before releasing "Decade in Diapers" as a DVD.
The episode was most recently re-released to DVD in June 2009.
The re-release was as part of the Rugrats Season 2 DVD set.
Gord Lacey of TVShowsOnDVD named "Reptar on Ice" one of his favorites on the compilation.
Gord Lacey's favorite on the compilation is tied with the episode "Vacation Special."
"Reptar on Ice" was adapted onto a CD entitled "In Search of the Mighty Reptar."
The CD features a story-time set of two adventures the babies have.
The second story features another Reptar story entitled "Journey to the Center of the Basement."
In "Journey to the Center of the Basement," the babies venture to their basement.
The babies venture to their basement in order to rescue their "Reptar, Jr." toy.
The CD was also made for cassette tapes.
The CD and cassette tapes were released on July 20, 1999.
"In Search of the Mighty Reptar" was part of Nickelon's "Rugrats Go Reptar!" event.
The "Rugrats Go Reptar!" event published several different other merchandise types for Rugrats.
The merchandise types include direct-to-video releases and magazines.