The Goathouse Refuge is located in Pittsboro, North Carolina.
The Goathouse Refuge is a nonprofit no-kill animal sanctuary for cats.
The Goathouse Refuge is run on a volunteer basis.
The Goathouse Refuge is cage-free.
The cats at the Goathouse Refuge can freely roam around within the boundaries of the property.
The Goathouse Refuge was founded in 2007 by Siglinda Scarpa.
Siglinda Scarpa is an Italian-born artist.
The Goathouse Refuge can hold up to 300 cats.
The Goathouse Refuge is located on a 16-acre farm.
There is an art gallery located on the first floor of the house at the Goathouse Refuge.
Siglinda Scarpa sells her handmade art in the art gallery.
Siglinda Scarpa's handmade art includes pottery, sculptures, and cookware.
The sales from Siglinda Scarpa's handmade art help support the Goathouse Refuge.
Siglinda Scarpa had issues with communication as a child.
Siglinda Scarpa felt that people were not seeing her.
Siglinda Scarpa's father brought a stray kitten home.
The stray kitten was placed under Siglinda Scarpa's sheets.
Siglinda Scarpa felt she could communicate with someone after the stray kitten was placed under her sheets.
The stray kitten was a year old when he became very ill.
The stray kitten died after becoming very ill.
After the stray kitten's death, Siglinda Scarpa decided to take in as many cats as possible.
Siglinda Scarpa hopes to eventually create a safe haven for cats.
Siglinda Scarpa created the Goathouse Refuge in 2007.
Siglinda Scarpa named the Goathouse Refuge after an old goat.
The old goat came with the dilapidated plantation house.
The Goathouse Refuge is located on a 16-acre property.
The land was originally intended for Siglinda Scarpa's pottery studio.
The house and studio burned down.
Siglinda Scarpa rebuilt the house and studio.
Siglinda Scarpa's plans for the rebuilt house and studio included a sanctuary for cats.
Siglinda Scarpa used personal resources to rebuild the house and studio.
Siglinda Scarpa used proceeds from her pottery sales to rebuild the house and studio.
The Goathouse Refuge has found homes for at least 900 cats since opening in 2007.
The Goathouse Refuge ensures that the cats have been tested.
The Goathouse Refuge ensures that the cats have been de-wormed.
The Goathouse Refuge ensures that the cats have had their first shots.
The adoption fee at the Goathouse Refuge covers spaying/neutering.
The adoption fee at the Goathouse Refuge covers micro-chipping.
The adoption fee at the Goathouse Refuge covers vaccinations.
Some cats at the Goathouse Refuge may have sponsors who donate to cover some or all of the adoption fee.
There is an application that must be filled out to adopt a cat from the Goathouse Refuge.
The application for adopting a cat asks very thorough in-depth questions.
The application ensures that the cat will go to a good home.
The applications are reviewed first by staff at the Goathouse Refuge.
The staff reviews applications to see if the applicants are a good fit for the cat.
A home visit is required after the application review.
The home visit is to see if the house is suitable for the cat.
All cats are welcome at the Goathouse Refuge.
None of the cats at the Goathouse Refuge are subject to euthanasia unless past all hope of recovery.
Neither disposition, age, nor illness affect whether a cat will be accepted to stay at the Goathouse Refuge.
Adoption is the ultimate goal of the Goathouse Refuge.
Unadoptable cats may live out their lives on the property of the Goathouse Refuge.
The Goathouse Refuge is run mainly by volunteers.
Volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge clean litter boxes.
Volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge change food and water.
Volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge wash dishes and blankets.
Volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge sanitize areas.
Volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge perform other duties.
There are two shifts of at least two volunteers each at the Goathouse Refuge.
The shifts at the Goathouse Refuge are early morning and late afternoon.
The shifts at the Goathouse Refuge revolve around the feeding habits of the cats.
Volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge need to socialize new kittens and cats with behavior issues.
Volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge socialize new kittens and cats to make them ready for adoption.
New volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge are introduced to the cats who need special attention.
The cats who need special attention have conditions such as allergies to certain cleaning products.
The cats who need special attention have dietary restrictions.
The dietary restrictions and allergies are made clear by charts and signs on the cats' cages.
The Goathouse Refuge offers their 300 cats medical treatment on-site.
The Goathouse Refuge provides quality food for their cats.
The Goathouse Refuge provides toys for their cats.
The Goathouse Refuge provides comfort items such as lots of blankets for their cats.
The cost of maintaining the Goathouse Refuge is higher than the average shelter.
Contributors help the Goathouse Refuge in many ways.
Contributors provide items the cats need for the Goathouse Refuge.
Contributors donate money to the Goathouse Refuge.
Contributors attend fundraisers for the Goathouse Refuge.
Siglinda Scarpa's fundraisers use themes such as Burrito Bash.
Siglinda Scarpa's fundraisers use themes such as Venetian Carnival.
Siglinda Scarpa's fundraisers use themes such as Garden Gourmands.
Siglinda Scarpa's fundraisers use themes such as Mad Hatter's Tea Party.
The events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in online publications.
The events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in written publications.
The events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in Raleigh's Indy Week.
The events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in Chatham County's Chatham Chatlist.
The events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in Chapel Hill's The Daily Tar Heel.
The events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed on the Refuge's website.
The events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed on the Refuge's Facebook page.
The Goathouse Refuge provides alternative solutions for those who wish to see a particular cat go to a good home.
People who cannot adopt a cat can sponsor a cat at the Goathouse Refuge.
Sponsoring a cat at the Goathouse Refuge involves donating to cover their adoption fees.
Sponsoring a cat at the Goathouse Refuge increases the cat's chance of being adopted.
The Goathouse Refuge provides "virtual cats" as gifts.
The Goathouse Refuge will send the donor a photo of a cat of their choice.
The Goathouse Refuge will send the donor a behind-the-scenes story about the cat of their choice.
There is a program called "Coffee Cat" at the Goathouse Refuge.
The "Coffee Cat" program involves sponsoring a particular cat.
Sponsoring a particular cat through the "Coffee Cat" program costs approximately the price of a cup of coffee a day.
The donations from the "Coffee Cat" program are spent on food for the sponsored cat.
The donations from the "Coffee Cat" program are spent on medical needs for the sponsored cat.
The donations from the "Coffee Cat" program are spent on litter for the sponsored cat.
In March 2013, the Goathouse Refuge was a cover story in the Indy Week paper.
The article in the Indy Week claims that there are too many cats falling prey to illness at the Goathouse Refuge.
The article in the Indy Week claims that the sanctuary is out of control.
One local veterinarian has treated about 35 cats from owners who had recently adopted from the Goathouse Refuge.
The author of the article, Lisa Sorg, says that according to former volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge, there are twice as many cats on the premises as recommended by a veterinarian.
Scarpa makes volunteers sign an anti-defamation agreement.
Scarpa instructs volunteers to lie to state inspectors.
Scarpa denied the allegations made in the article.
Scarpa justified some of the allegations made in the article.
Just over a day after the article's release, the comments section on the Indy Week website became heated.
Denise Prickett, INDY Editorial Web Director, posted about closing comments on the Indy Week story for the weekend.
Denise Prickett stated that comments would be reopened on Monday morning.
Denise Prickett stated that all future comments must respond directly to the story.
Denise Prickett stated that all future comments must be civil.
Denise Prickett stated that comments that do not follow the guidelines will be removed.