Light gun shooters are also called light gun games or gun games.
Light gun shooters are a shooter video game genre.
The primary design element of light gun shooters is aiming and shooting with a gun-shaped controller.
Light gun shooters revolve around the protagonist shooting targets.
Targets in light gun shooters can be antagonists or inanimate objects.
Light gun shooters generally feature action or horror themes.
Some light gun shooters may employ a humorous, parodic treatment of conventions.
Light gun shooters typically feature "on-rails" movement.
In light gun shooters, the player has control only over aiming.
The protagonist's other movements in light gun shooters are determined by the game.
Games featuring "on-rails" movement are sometimes termed "rail shooters."
The term "rail shooters" is also applied to games of other genres.
Some later light gun shooters give the player greater control over movement.
In some light gun shooters, the protagonist does not move at all.
Light gun shooters employ light gun controllers.
Light gun controllers function through the use of light sensors.
Mechanical games using light guns existed since the 1930s.
Mechanical games operated differently from those used in video games.
Throughout the 1970s, mechanical games were replaced by electronic video games.
In the 1980s, popular light gun shooters such as Duck Hunt emerged.
The genre of light gun shooters was most popular in the 1990s.
The popularity of light gun shooters increased after the release of Virtua Cop.
The formula of Virtua Cop was later improved upon by Time Crisis.
The genre of light gun shooters is less popular in the new millennium.
Light gun shooters are hampered by compatibility issues.
Light gun shooters retain a niche appeal for fans of "old school" gameplay.
"Light gun shooters," "light gun games," or "gun games" are games in which the protagonist shoots at targets.
Light gun games utilize a gun-shaped controller termed a "light gun."
The player aims with the light gun in light gun games.
Light gun games may feature a first-person perspective.
Light gun games are distinct from first-person shooters.
First-person shooters utilize more conventional input devices.
Light gun games featuring "on-rails" movement are sometimes termed "rail shooters."
The light gun functions through the use of a light sensor.
Pulling the trigger on the light gun allows it to detect light from on-screen targets.
Targets in light gun shooters may be threatening antagonists such as criminals, terrorists, or zombies.
Targets in light gun shooters may also be inanimate objects such as apples or bottles.
Light gun games may be played without a light gun.
The use of more conventional input methods in light gun games has been deemed inferior.
Light gun shooters typically feature generic action or horror themes.
Some later light gun shooters employ more humorous, self-referential styles.
Light gun shooters primarily revolve around shooting large numbers of enemies attacking in waves.
The protagonist may be required to defend himself in light gun shooters.
The protagonist may take cover in light gun shooters.
The protagonist may shoot incoming thrown weapons in light gun shooters.
Incoming thrown weapons in light gun shooters may include axes or grenades.
The player may compete against the clock in some light gun shooters.
Some light gun shooters feature boss battles.
Games may reward the player for accurate shooting in light gun shooters.
Rewards for accurate shooting in light gun shooters may include extra points, power-ups, or secrets.
Games that do not pit the player against antagonists feature challenges constructed mainly from inanimate objects.
Challenges in light gun shooters test the player's speed and accuracy.
More conventional games may feature challenges as minigames.
In light gun shooters, the player has no control over the direction the protagonist moves in.
The player only has control over aiming and shooting in light gun shooters.
Some light gun shooter games may allow the protagonist to take cover at the push of a button.
Other light gun shooter games may eschew "on-rails" movement altogether.
Some light gun shooter games allow the player to move the protagonist freely around the game's environment.
Some light gun shooter games feature a static environment.
Light gun shooters utilize a first-person perspective for aiming.
Some light gun shooter games may allow the player to switch to a third-person perspective.
Mechanical gun games existed before the emergence of electronic video games.
Mechanical gun games existed as far back as the 1920s.
The first light guns appeared in the 1930s.
The Seeburg Ray-O-Lite was one of the first light guns.
Games using the Seeburg Ray-O-Lite were mechanical.
The Seeburg Ray-O-Lite fired beams of light at targets wired with sensors.
Mechanical gun games evolved throughout subsequent decades.
Sega's Periscope was released in 1966.
Sega's Periscope required the player to target cardboard ships.
Throughout the 1970s, mechanical arcade games were gradually replaced by electronic video games.
The release of Pong in 1972 contributed to the replacement of mechanical arcade games.
The release of Space Invaders in 1978 dealt a powerful blow to the popularity of mechanical games.
Light guns used in electronic video games work in the opposite manner to mechanical counterparts.
In electronic video games, the sensor is in the gun.
Pulling the trigger on an electronic light gun allows it to receive light from on-screen targets.
Computer light pens had been used for practical purposes at MIT in the early 1960s.
The Magnavox Odyssey had a light gun accessory.
Nintendo was involved in the production of the Magnavox Odyssey's light gun accessory.
Light guns first became popularly used for video games in the mid-1980s.
Nintendo's Duck Hunt was a much-loved example of a light gun game.
Sega's Virtua Cop was released in arcades in 1994.
Sega's Virtua Cop broke new ground in shooter games.
Sega's Virtua Cop popularized the use of 3D polygons in shooter games.
Sega's Virtua Cop led to a "Renaissance" in the popularity of arcade gun games.
Sega's Virtua Cop was inspired by the Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry.
Sega's Virtua Cop was inspired by a coffee advertisement.
In the coffee advertisement, a can of coffee grew larger in a gun's sights.
In Virtua Cop, the player had to shoot approaching targets as fast as possible.
The acclaimed Time Crisis by Namco was released in Japanese arcades in 1995.
Time Crisis was released for Sony's PlayStation console in 1997.
Time Crisis introduced innovations such as simulated recoil.
Time Crisis introduced a foot pedal that caused the protagonist to take cover when pressed.
The light gun controller for Time Crisis, the GunCon, was acclaimed.
Namco released Point Blank for the PlayStation in 1998.
Point Blank was previously available in Japanese arcades as Gun Bullet since 1994.
Point Blank is a 2D sprite-based game.
Point Blank features a unique minigame structure.
Point Blank has a quirky, humorous tone.
Point Blank was critically acclaimed.
Point Blank received two sequels.
The sequels of Point Blank were for the PlayStation console.
Light guns were suppressed for a time in the U.S. after the 1999 Columbine High School massacre.
The Columbine High School massacre led to controversy over video games and gun crime.
Since the late 1980s, light gun controllers have been generally manufactured to look like toys.
Light gun controllers are painted in bright colors.
In Japan, more realistic light guns are widely available.
Japan lacks the gun crime found in the U.S.
Civilians in Japan cannot legally own guns.
Light gun shooters are less popular in the new millennium than in the 1990s.
New games in the light gun shooter genre are seen as "old school."
The Time Crisis franchise continued to receive acclaimed installments.
The House of the Dead franchise continued to receive acclaimed installments.
The arcade machine for House of the Dead 4 Special featured large screens enclosing the player.
The arcade machine for House of the Dead 4 Special featured swiveling, vibrating chairs.
Some light gun shooter games attempted to incorporate elements of first-person shooter games.
Some light gun shooter games attempted to incorporate elements of survival horror games.
Some light gun shooter games incorporated less restricted character movement and exploration.
The incorporation of less restricted character movement and exploration had varying degrees of success.
Some light gun shooter games paid homage to 1990s arcade gameplay.
Some light gun shooter games embraced a somewhat parodic style.
Light guns are not compatible with modern high-definition televisions.
Developers have experimented with hybrid controllers for light gun shooters.
Developers have experimented with the Wii Remote for the Nintendo Wii.
Developers have experimented with the PlayStation 3's GunCon 3 peripheral used with Time Crisis 4.
Others have used the PlayStation Move motion control system.