Python is a widely used high-level programming language.
Python is a general-purpose programming language.
Python is an interpreted programming language.
Python is a dynamic programming language.
Python's design philosophy emphasizes code readability.
Python's syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than possible in languages such as C++ or Java.
Python provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small scale and a large scale.
Python supports multiple programming paradigms.
Python supports object-oriented programming.
Python supports imperative programming.
Python supports functional programming.
Python supports procedural programming styles.
Python features a dynamic type system.
Python features automatic memory management.
Python has a large and comprehensive standard library.
Python interpreters are available for many operating systems.
Python code can run on a wide variety of systems.
Using third-party tools, Python code can be packaged into stand-alone executable programs.
Python-based software can be distributed to popular operating systems.
Python-based software can be used on popular operating systems without needing to install a Python interpreter.
CPython is the reference implementation of Python.
CPython is free software.
CPython is open-source software.
CPython has a community-based development model.
Nearly all variant implementations of Python have a community-based development model.
CPython is managed by the non-profit Python Software Foundation.
Python was conceived in the late 1980s.
Python's implementation began in December 1989.
Guido van Rossum began the implementation of Python at Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica.
Guido van Rossum began the implementation of Python in the Netherlands.
Python is a successor to the ABC language.
The ABC language was inspired by SETL.
Python is capable of exception handling.
Python is capable of interfacing with the operating system Amoeba.
Guido van Rossum is Python's principal author.
Guido van Rossum has a continuing central role in deciding the direction of Python.
The Python community refers to Guido van Rossum as the benevolent dictator for life (BDFL).
Guido van Rossum wrote about the origin of Python in 1996.
Guido van Rossum was looking for a hobby programming project in December 1989.
Guido van Rossum's office would be closed during the week around Christmas.
Guido van Rossum had a home computer in December 1989.
Guido van Rossum did not have much else on his hands in December 1989.
Guido van Rossum decided to write an interpreter for a new scripting language.
The new scripting language was a descendant of ABC.
The new scripting language would appeal to Unix/C hackers.
Guido van Rossum chose Python as a working title for the project.
Guido van Rossum was in a slightly irreverent mood when he chose the name Python.
Guido van Rossum is a big fan of Monty Python's Flying Circus.
Python 2.0 was released on 16 October 2000.
Python 2.0 had many major new features.
Python 2.0 included a cycle-detecting garbage collector.
Python 2.0 included support for Unicode.
The development process of Python changed with the release of Python 2.0.
The development process of Python became more transparent with the release of Python 2.0.
The development process of Python became community-backed with the release of Python 2.0.
Python 3.0 was released on 3 December 2008.
Python 3.0 was commonly referred to as Python 3000 or py3k during its early development.
Python 3.0 is a major release.
Python 3.0 is a backwards-incompatible release.
Python 3.0 was released after a long period of testing.
Many major features of Python 3.0 have been backported to Python 2.6.x.
Many major features of Python 3.0 have been backported to Python 2.7.x.
Python is a multi-paradigm programming language.
Python fully supports object-oriented programming.
Python fully supports structured programming.
Many language features of Python support functional programming.
Many language features of Python support aspect-oriented programming.
Many paradigms are supported via extensions in Python.
Extensions in Python include design by contract.
Extensions in Python include logic programming.
Python uses dynamic typing for memory management.
Python uses a mix of reference counting and a cycle-detecting garbage collector for memory management.
An important feature of Python is dynamic name resolution.
Dynamic name resolution in Python is also known as late binding.
Dynamic name resolution binds method and variable names during program execution.
The design of Python offers some support for functional programming in the Lisp tradition.
The language Python has map() functions.
The language Python has reduce() functions.
The language Python has filter() functions.
The language Python has list comprehensions.
The language Python has dictionaries.
The language Python has sets.
The language Python has generator expressions.
The standard library of Python has two modules.
The two modules in the standard library of Python are itertools and functools.
The modules itertools and functools implement functional tools borrowed from Haskell.
The modules itertools and functools implement functional tools borrowed from Standard ML.
The core philosophy of Python is summarized by the document The Zen of Python (PEP 20).
The Zen of Python includes aphorisms.
One aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Beautiful is better than ugly."
One aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Explicit is better than implicit."
One aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Simple is better than complex."
One aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Complex is better than complicated."
One aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Readability counts."
Python was designed to be highly extensible.
Python can be embedded in existing applications that need a programmable interface.
The design of Python includes a small core language.
The design of Python includes a large standard library.
The design of Python includes an easily extensible interpreter.
Guido van Rossum intended the design of Python to be a small core language with a large standard library and an easily extensible interpreter.
Guido van Rossum's frustrations with ABC influenced the design of Python.
Python's philosophy offers choice in coding methodology.
Python's philosophy rejects exuberant syntax.
Python's philosophy favors a sparser, less-cluttered grammar.
Alex Martelli stated that describing something as clever is not considered a compliment in the Python culture.
Python's philosophy rejects the Perl approach of "there is more than one way to do it."
Python's philosophy favors the approach of "there should be one — and preferably only one — obvious way to do it."
Python's developers strive to avoid premature optimization.
Python's developers reject patches to non-critical parts of CPython that would offer a marginal increase in speed at the cost of clarity.
When speed is important, a Python programmer can move time-critical functions to extension modules written in languages such as C.
When speed is important, a Python programmer can try using PyPy.
PyPy is a just-in-time compiler.
Cython is available.
Cython translates a Python script into C.
Cython makes direct C-level API calls into the Python interpreter.
An important goal of Python's developers is making Python fun to use.
The origin of the name Python comes from Monty Python.
Python's tutorials and reference materials occasionally take a playful approach.
Python's tutorials and reference materials use examples that refer to spam and eggs instead of the standard foo and bar.
A common neologism in the Python community is pythonic.
The term pythonic can have a wide range of meanings related to program style.
To say that code is pythonic is to say that it uses Python idioms well.
To say that code is pythonic is to say that it is natural or shows fluency in the language.
To say that code is pythonic is to say that it conforms with Python's minimalist philosophy and emphasis on readability.
Code that is difficult to understand is called unpythonic.
Code that reads like a rough transcription from another programming language is called unpythonic.
Users and admirers of Python are often referred to as Pythonists.
Users and admirers of Python are often referred to as Pythonistas.
Users and admirers of Python are often referred to as Pythoneers.
Python is intended to be a highly readable language.
Python is designed to have an uncluttered visual layout.
Python often uses English keywords where other languages use punctuation.
Python has fewer syntactic exceptions than C.
Python has fewer special cases than Pascal.
Python uses whitespace indentation to delimit blocks.
Python's feature of whitespace indentation is also termed the off-side rule.
An increase in indentation comes after certain statements in Python.
A decrease in indentation signifies the end of the current block in Python.
Python's statements include the assignment statement.
The assignment statement in Python uses the token '='.
The equals sign in Python operates differently than in traditional imperative programming languages.
The fundamental mechanism of assignment in Python illuminates many other features of the language.
The nature of Python's version of variables illuminates many other features of the language.