Charles McKnight was born on October 10, 1750.
Charles McKnight died on November 16, 1791.
Charles McKnight was an American physician during the American Revolutionary War.
Charles McKnight served as a surgeon in the Hospital Department of the Continental Army.
Charles McKnight served under General George Washington.
Charles McKnight served under subordinate commanders of General George Washington.
Charles McKnight was one of the most respected surgeons of his day.
One colleague remembered Charles McKnight as "particularly distinguished as a practical surgeon."
At the time of his death, Charles McKnight was without a rival in the branch of his profession.
Charles McKnight was born in Cranbury Township in the colonial Province of New Jersey.
Charles McKnight had one sibling, a younger brother named Richard.
Charles McKnight's father was also named Charles McKnight.
Charles McKnight's father emigrated to the colonies from Ireland around 1740.
Charles McKnight's father was ordained as a Presbyterian minister in 1742.
Charles McKnight's father became a minister of some note.
Charles McKnight's father was one of the founders and trustees of the College of New Jersey.
The College of New Jersey is now known as Princeton University.
Reverend Charles McKnight opposed British governance in Colonial America.
Reverend Charles McKnight was a loud voice for opposition and overthrow of the British government in New Jersey.
Reverend Charles McKnight received a severe saber cut to his head at the Battle of Princeton.
The saber cut to Reverend Charles McKnight's head occurred during a slashing melee that mortally wounded General Hugh Mercer.
Reverend Charles McKnight's church at Middletown Point was burned in 1777.
Reverend Charles McKnight was arrested in 1777.
Reverend Charles McKnight's health rapidly failed while in custody aboard the British prison ship HMS Jersey.
Reverend Charles McKnight was released shortly before his death on January 1, 1778.
Charles McKnight attended schools in New Jersey.
Charles McKnight graduated from the College of New Jersey in 1771.
Charles McKnight graduated in the same class as James Madison.
Charles McKnight graduated in the same class as Gunning Bedford, Jr.
Charles McKnight graduated in the same class as Henry Brackenridge.
Charles McKnight graduated in the same class as Philip Freneau.
Charles McKnight was one of the founders of the American Whig Society.
Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with Gunning Bedford, Jr.
Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with Henry Brackenridge.
Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with James Madison.
Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with Samuel Stanhope Smith.
Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with Philip Freneau.
Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with John Beatty.
Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with John Henry of Maryland.
Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with William Bradford.
Charles McKnight studied medicine and surgery privately with William Shippen.
William Shippen was an eminent Philadelphia surgeon.
Charles McKnight left his studies before completing them.
Charles McKnight entered the Continental Army in 1775.
In late 1775, Benjamin Church assigned Charles McKnight to the Putnam House building.
The Putnam House building was one of six hospitals of the army's Hospital Department in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
Charles McKnight remained in the Hospital Department until October 1776.
Charles McKnight went with other surgeons and physicians to North Castle, New York.
Charles McKnight went with Washington's army when the Battle of White Plains began in October 1776.
The Continental Army lost the Battle of White Plains.
The British took Fort Washington and Fort Lee.
The loss of Fort Washington and Fort Lee pushed Washington's army south toward New Jersey in December 1776.
The movement of Washington's army in December 1776 set the stage for the Battle of Trenton.
Charles McKnight remained at North Castle until John Morgan ordered him to set up a new hospital near Peekskill, New York.
John Morgan was the Director General.
Charles McKnight and Samuel Adams, Jr. were ordered to set up a new hospital for more than 300 sick soldiers.
The sick soldiers were part of General William Heath's division.
Charles McKnight and Samuel Adams, Jr. were unable to find an acceptable site for a hospital.
Charles McKnight and Samuel Adams, Jr. took over accommodations in Fishkill, New York.
Fishkill, New York is twenty miles north of Peekskill.
Washington sent convalescents to Peekskill.
John Morgan told Washington the hospital was in Peekskill.
John Morgan was dismissed as Director General in January 1777.
John Morgan was dismissed due to rancor with Washington over supplies.
A rampant smallpox epidemic was raging through the army at the time of John Morgan's dismissal.
John Morgan's management style rankled the surgeons, including Charles McKnight.
John Morgan was wrestling with William Shippen over control of the hospitals in New Jersey.
Isaac Foster took over temporary supervision of the hospitals on the east side of the Hudson River after John Morgan's dismissal.
Charles McKnight served later as a surgeon in the Pennsylvania Battalion of the Flying Camp.
On April 11, 1777, Charles McKnight was appointed Surgeon General of the Flying Hospital of the Middle Department.
The position of Surgeon General is also called Senior Surgeon.
The position of Surgeon General is a subordinate position to Physician General and Director General.
The position of Surgeon General should not be confused with Surgeon General of the United States Army.
Charles McKnight served as Senior Surgeon for three years.
In December 1779, Charles McKnight was in Morristown, New Jersey with Washington.
Charles McKnight was at the encampment near Jockey Hollow during the worst winter of the Revolutionary War.
The Hospital Department of the army was reorganized in 1780.
Charles McKnight was promoted to Chief Hospital Physician in 1780.
Chief Hospital Physician is the highest medical position of the Middle Department.
Charles McKnight served as Chief Hospital Physician until he left the army in January 1782.
Charles McKnight was one of the original members of the New York State Society of the Cincinnati.
After the war ended, Charles McKnight settled in New York City.
Charles McKnight married Mary Morin Scott.
Mary Morin Scott was the daughter of General John Morin Scott.
Charles McKnight opened a private practice in New York City.
Charles McKnight was one of the first physicians to use a carriage to visit his patients.
Charles McKnight published only one article.
The article published by Charles McKnight was about the surgical removal of an ectopic pregnancy.
The article published by Charles McKnight was cited later by the Medical Society of London.
The Medical Society of London cited the article in its London Medical Observations and Inquiries.
On November 26, 1784, Charles McKnight was appointed one of the first regents of the University of the State of New York.
In 1785, Charles McKnight became professor of anatomy and surgery at Columbia College.
Columbia College is now known as the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons.
Charles McKnight's father-in-law co-founded Columbia College.
Charles McKnight was appointed Port Physician of New York.
Charles McKnight maintained a steady surgical practice.
Charles McKnight held his professorship until his death from pneumonia.
Charles McKnight's death was the result of an old war injury.
Charles McKnight died at age 41.
Charles McKnight was interred at the corner of Wall Street and Broadway in Lower Manhattan.
Charles McKnight was interred just beyond the gates of the historic Trinity Churchyard.
Charles McKnight was interred next to his wife, Mary.
Charles McKnight was interred next to his father-in-law.
Charles McKnight and Mary Morin Scott had four daughters.
Charles McKnight and Mary Morin Scott had one son.
Charles McKnight and Mary Morin Scott's son is named John Morin Scott McKnight.
John Morin Scott McKnight also became a physician.