"Bart the General" is the fifth episode of The Simpsons' first season.
"Bart the General" originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 4, 1990.
The episode deals with Bart Simpson's troubles with the bully, Nelson Muntz.
Bart Simpson chooses to go to war with Nelson Muntz.
Bart Simpson unites the neighborhood children against Nelson Muntz.
The episode was written by John Swartzwelder.
The episode was directed by David Silverman.
Bart Simpson gets into a fight with Nelson Muntz while defending Lisa Simpson.
Lisa Simpson baked cupcakes for Miss Hoover's birthday party.
Nelson Muntz beats up Bart Simpson after school.
Nelson Muntz warns Bart Simpson to expect the same treatment the following day.
Marge Simpson consoles Bart Simpson at home.
Marge Simpson encourages Bart Simpson to reason with Nelson Muntz.
Homer Simpson urges Bart Simpson to bend the rules and fight dirty.
Bart Simpson takes Homer Simpson's advice.
Bart Simpson fights dirty but is beaten up again.
Bart Simpson turns to Grampa Simpson for help.
Grampa Simpson introduces Bart Simpson to Herman.
Herman is the crazed one-armed proprietor of an army surplus store.
Herman instructs Bart Simpson on military tactics.
Bart Simpson declares war on Nelson Muntz and his sidekicks.
Bart Simpson enlists Nelson Muntz's other victims in his army.
Bart Simpson trains his army for combat.
Herman commands from Bart Simpson's treehouse.
Bart Simpson leads his forces into battle.
Bart Simpson and his army ambush Nelson Muntz and his sidekicks.
Bart Simpson and his army commence saturation bombing with water balloons.
Nelson Muntz's thugs surrender.
Nelson Muntz is taken prisoner.
Nelson Muntz threatens to beat up Bart Simpson as soon as he is untied.
Herman drafts the armistice treaty.
The armistice treaty states that Nelson Muntz will retain his position and name.
The armistice treaty states that Nelson Muntz will not hold any actual power.
Bart Simpson and Nelson Muntz sign the treaty.
Marge Simpson enters with cupcakes.
Peace prevails after Marge Simpson enters with cupcakes.
This episode was running too long to use the normal opening sequence.
This episode did not feature a chalkboard gag.
This episode did not feature a couch gag.
The episode cut to an image of the Simpson house.
David Silverman was the director of this episode.
David Silverman was somewhat stressed while directing this episode.
David Silverman was doing storyboards for this episode while also directing "Bart the Genius."
David Silverman originally planned to use the song "War" by Edwin Starr in the episode.
The plans to use the song "War" by Edwin Starr were dropped.
The song "War" by Edwin Starr did not fit the story.
The episode had problems with the censors.
The censors did not want the characters to say "family jewels" on prime time television.
The producers ignored the notes from the censors.
The phrase "family jewels" remained in the episode.
Grampa Simpson writes a letter complaining about how sexualized television has become.
Grampa Simpson gives a list of words he never wants to hear on TV again.
One of the words Grampa Simpson never wants to hear on TV again is "family jewels."
Two new characters were introduced in this episode.
The first new character is Nelson Muntz.
Nelson Muntz remains a frequently used recurring character.
The second new character is Herman.
Herman has been used far less than Nelson Muntz.
The design of Herman was inspired by writer John Swartzwelder.
The design of Herman, with the exception of his missing arm, was inspired by writer John Swartzwelder.
Herman's voice, as performed by Harry Shearer, was partly inspired by George H. W. Bush.
The original idea for Herman was for him to have a differing story for the loss of his arm with every appearance.
The episode featured several references to war films.
Several lines of dialogue were lifted directly from the film Patton from 1970.
The music in the episode was lifted directly from the film Patton from 1970.
Fox owned the rights to the film Patton.
It was no problem for the episode to use the soundtrack from the film Patton.
The marching sequence is a nod to Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket from 1987.
The Longest Day from 1962 is referenced in the episode.
The silhouettes of the children climbing the jungle gym against the setting sun are a reference to Stanley Kubrick's 1987 film Full Metal Jacket.
The episode parodies the famous sailor kissing a girl in Times Square photograph taken on V-J Day.
A random boy in a sailor suit kisses Lisa Simpson in the episode.
Lisa Simpson slaps the random boy in the sailor suit.
Bart Simpson concludes the episode by stating that the only "good wars" are the American Revolution, World War II, and the Star Wars trilogy.
In its original American broadcast, "Bart the General" finished 31st place in the weekly ratings for the week of January 29 - February 4, 1990.
"Bart the General" had a Nielsen rating of 14.3.
"Bart the General" was the highest rated show on the Fox Network that week.
Since airing, "Bart the General" has received mostly positive reviews from television critics.
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood authored the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide.
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood said that "some good lines and setpieces aside - we love Bart's fantasy of death at Nelson's hands - this episode nevertheless feels a bit unsure of itself, particularly towards the end."
David B. Grelck gave the episode a rating of 3/5 in a DVD review of the first season.
David B. Grelck added that the episode "helped to propel Bart's popularity into the stratosphere."
Colin Jacobson at DVD Movie Guide said in a review that the episode "remains a primitive example of The Simpsons."
Colin Jacobson said that the episode is "a reasonably amusing and entertaining experience."
Colin Jacobson added that the episode "lacks the subtlety and cleverness found on later episodes, but it was onto something."
Matt Groening notes on the commentary track that he finds it strange how controversial this episode seemed at the time of its release.
Matt Groening believes that today, they would go a lot further.
Matt Groening believes that this episode now seems harmless.
The episode's reference to Full Metal Jacket was named the eleventh greatest film reference in the history of The Simpsons by Nathan Ditum of Total Film.
"Bart the General" and Seinfeld's "The Tape" were used in a Dartmouth College experiment.
The Dartmouth College experiment studied brain activity in relation to humorous moments in television shows.
The results of the Dartmouth College experiment were published in a 2004 issue of the academic journal Neurolmage.
The researchers noted that during moments of humor detection, significant brain activation was noted in the left posterior middle temporal gyrus.
The researchers noted that during moments of humor detection, significant brain activation was noted in the left inferior frontal gyrus.
The episode was released first on home video in the United Kingdom.
The episode was part of a VHS release titled The Simpsons Collection.
The episode was paired with season one episode "There's No Disgrace Like Home."
The episode was released in the US on the VHS release The Best of The Simpsons, Vol. 2 in 1997.
The episode was paired with "Moaning Lisa" in the US release.
The episode was later re-released in the US in a collector's edition boxed set of the first three volumes of The Best of The Simpsons collections.
The episode was re-released in the UK as part of a VHS boxed set of the complete first season.
The VHS boxed set of the complete first season was released in November 1999.
The episode's debut on the DVD format was as part of The Simpsons season one DVD set.
The Simpsons season one DVD set was released on September 25, 2001.
Groening, Brooks, and Silverman participated in the DVD's audio commentary.
A digital edition of the series' first season was published on December 20, 2010 in the United States.
The digital edition of the series' first season contained the episode.
The digital edition of the series' first season was published through Amazon Video and iTunes.