Young Lord Stanley is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company.
The film focuses on Jack Stanley.
Jack Stanley is disinherited by his father, Lord Stanley.
Lord Stanley disinherits Jack Stanley for refusing to marry his cousin, Lady Maude.
Jack Stanley emigrates to America.
Jack Stanley has no money.
Jack Stanley has no job upon which to sustain himself.
Jack Stanley witnesses a trio of riders approach and speak to him.
Jack Stanley accepts a position as a groom for a wealthy American.
Jack Stanley falls in love with the wealthy American's daughter, Ann.
The wealthy American learns of Jack Stanley's affections for Ann.
The wealthy American dismisses Jack Stanley from his position.
Ann says she will never marry anyone but Jack Stanley.
Lord Stanley forgives Jack Stanley.
Lord Stanley decides to reinstate Jack Stanley in his will.
Lord Stanley suddenly dies.
Jack Stanley reads about his father's death in the newspaper.
Jack Stanley learns of his father's will.
Jack Stanley heads to Hotel Astor.
Jack Stanley learns that he has received his father's entire fortune.
The lawyer accepts a dinner invitation at the wealthy American's house.
The lawyer brings along Jack Stanley to the dinner party.
The wealthy American urges his daughter, Ann, to win the affections of the rich, handsome, and unmarried young Lord Stanley.
The wealthy American is taken aback upon Jack Stanley's arrival.
The wealthy American greets Jack Stanley.
Ann refuses to even look at Jack Stanley.
Ann ignores Jack Stanley.
Ann refuses to face Jack Stanley even as they head towards the dining room.
Jack Stanley attempts to kiss Ann.
Ann pulls away from Jack Stanley.
Ann sees that it is Jack Stanley.
Ann embraces Jack Stanley with a kiss.
The script for the production was written by Lloyd Lonergan.
Lloyd Lonergan was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World.
Lloyd Lonergan wrote scripts for the Thanhouser productions.
The film director is unknown.
The film director may have been Barry O'Neil.
Film historian Q. David Bowers does not attribute a cameraman for this production.
At least two possible candidates for cameraman exist.
Blair Smith was the first cameraman of the Thanhouser company.
Blair Smith was soon joined by Carl Louis Gregory.
Carl Louis Gregory had years of experience as a still and motion picture photographer.
The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions.
The other cast credits are unknown.
Many 1910 Thanhouser productions are fragmentary.
In late 1910, the Thanhouser company released a list of important personalities in their films.
The list includes G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, Marie Eline, Violet Heming, Martin J. Faust, Thomas Fortune, George Middleton, Grace Moore, John W. Noble, Anna Rosemond, and Mrs. George Walters.
The production of the film shows the continuing improvement of Thanhouser works.
The improvement is specifically for more realistic interior scenes.
The improvement is over those shot in the months prior.
The interior sets are still very small.
The exterior shots show strength in their variety.
Bowers believes that the uncommon surname, Snaith, is of some importance to Lloyd Lonergan.
The surname Snaith has reoccurring usage in titled works like Miss Arabella Snaith and Professor Snaith.
An analysis of the frame showing the newspaper advertisement shows that it was from a real newspaper.
The real newspaper was dated from September 21, 1910.
The title of the film might possibly be a reference to "Lord Stanley."
"Lord Stanley" is the courtesy title of the heir apparent of the Earl of Derby.
At the time of the production, Edward Stanley was "Lord Stanley."
The single reel drama is approximately 1,000 feet long.
The film was released on October 25, 1910.
The film was originally released as Young Lord Stanley.
The surviving print from the Library of Congress has "His Only Son" as what appears to be the title of the print.
Bowers notes that the first card is in a different format from the other inter-titles which follow.
The first card may have been a replacement or alternate name for the print.
The surviving print is 928 feet long.
The shown length of the surviving print is 13 minutes and 35 seconds.
The film likely had a wide national release.
Advertising theaters are known in Kansas, Indiana, and Pennsylvania.
Walton of The Moving Picture News said the film was "A bright, clean, human interest tale."
Walton stated that the film holds the attention from beginning to end.
Walton described the film as "A thoroughly commendable reel - in every way."
The Moving Picture World offers a summary of the work.
The Moving Picture World was more or less neutral in its review of the film.
The reviewer states that it is a romantic picture.
The reviewer states that the film affords ample opportunity for the imagination to run riot in a number of different directions.
Much of human nature is disclosed in this film.
The film is a travesty upon the way wealthy girls often fall in love with stablemen or others employed about their fathers' places.
The New York Dramatic Mirror was not very critical of the film.
The New York Dramatic Mirror did not offer any praise either.
The reviewer highlighted the "common fault of actors" by throwing things on the floor.
The reviewer highlighted Ann's refusal to even look at the titled guest as being overdone.