"The Set Up" is the 13th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation.
"The Set Up" is the nineteenth overall episode of the series.
"The Set Up" originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 14, 2010.
Leslie Knope is set up on a blind date with an MRI technologist.
The MRI technologist is played by Will Arnett.
Will Arnett is Amy Poehler's then-husband.
The episode was directed by Troy Miller.
The episode was written by Katie Dippold.
"The Set Up" features guest appearances by Justin Theroux.
Justin Theroux portrays a love interest for Leslie Knope.
Ben Schwartz plays Tom's fast-talking friend Jean-Ralphio.
According to Nielsen Media Research, "The Set Up" was seen by 4.59 million households.
The viewership of "The Set Up" was considered consistent with other second season episodes.
"The Set Up" received generally positive reviews.
Leslie Knope learns that Pawnee is being sued by the previous owners of the lot where she is seeking to build a park.
Ann Perkins refers Leslie Knope to her lawyer friend Justin Anderson.
Justin Anderson is portrayed by Justin Theroux.
Ann Perkins calls Justin Anderson "the greatest guy ever."
Justin Anderson helps Leslie Knope resolve the issue.
Leslie Knope and Justin Anderson seem to get along very well together.
Leslie Knope has recently broken up with her boyfriend.
Leslie Knope asks Ann Perkins to set her up on a date.
Ann Perkins hesitates to set Leslie Knope up with Justin Anderson.
Ann Perkins arranges a date for Leslie Knope with Chris.
Chris is an MRI technologist.
Chris works with Ann Perkins.
The date between Leslie Knope and Chris goes poorly.
Chris appears annoyed upon learning that Leslie Knope attended a rival college.
Chris is annoyed that Leslie Knope was a director of regular parks, not amusement parks.
Chris takes Leslie Knope to the hospital to receive an MRI.
Chris makes uncomfortable comments about Leslie Knope's uterus.
Chris remarks that Leslie Knope could easily have triplets right off the bat.
Chris asks Leslie Knope whether she is having her period.
Leslie Knope rejects Chris's advances when the date ends.
Chris makes an angry goodbye to Leslie Knope.
Leslie Knope still needs to give Chris a ride home.
Mark Brendanawicz grows suspicious that Ann Perkins harbors romantic feelings for Justin Anderson.
Mark Brendanawicz confronts Ann Perkins.
Mark Brendanawicz accuses Ann Perkins of trying to save Justin Anderson for a possible relationship in the future.
Mark Brendanawicz asks Ann Perkins's ex-boyfriend Andy about Ann Perkins's feelings for Justin Anderson.
Andy recalls Ann Perkins's infatuation with Justin Anderson.
Andy scolds Ann Perkins for hurting Mark Brendanawicz's feelings.
Andy tries to trick Ann Perkins into thinking she was still dating him.
The trick does not work on Ann Perkins.
Ann Perkins realizes her behavior was inappropriate.
Ann Perkins sets Leslie Knope up on a date with Justin Anderson.
Ron Swanson deals with complaints from local residents.
The complaints are due to a new town policy requiring public officials to deal more directly with the public.
Ron Swanson calls the policy "my hell."
Ron Swanson seeks a new assistant to protect him from the citizens.
Tom Haverford volunteers to find Ron Swanson an assistant.
During job interviews, Tom Haverford asks questions about real-world expertise.
Tom Haverford asks what tie he should wear to the club.
Tom Haverford asks what to text girls after a party.
Tom Haverford brings forward a candidate named Jean-Ralphio.
Jean-Ralphio's personality closely resembles Tom Haverford's.
Ron Swanson hates Jean-Ralphio right away.
April Ludgate draws attention around the office for showing up late.
April Ludgate slacks off at work.
April Ludgate insists she cannot wait to leave the parks department.
April Ludgate spends time with Andy Dwyer at the town hall shoeshine stand.
April Ludgate decides she wants to stay closer to Andy Dwyer.
April Ludgate volunteers to be Ron Swanson's assistant.
April Ludgate convinces Andy Dwyer to sell his band's CDs at the hall.
Selling Andy Dwyer's band's CDs at the hall proves successful.
April Ludgate slams the door on Tom Haverford while he tries to talk to them.
Ron Swanson immediately hires April Ludgate.
"The Set Up" was directed by Troy Miller.
"The Set Up" was written by Katie Dippold.
"The Set Up" featured guest appearances by Will Arnett as MRI technologist Chris.
Justin Theroux portrayed Ann Perkins's lawyer friend Justin Anderson.
Will Arnett is the real-life husband of Amy Poehler.
Amy Poehler plays protagonist Leslie Knope.
Michael Schur arranged for Will Arnett to be on the show.
Michael Schur is a good friend of Will Arnett.
Michael Schur felt Will Arnett would be a good fit for the character.
The date scenes marked the second on-screen pairing between a Parks and Recreation actor and their real-life spouse.
Megan Mullally is the wife of actor Nick Offerman.
Megan Mullally guest-starred as Ron Swanson's ex-wife Tammy in the episode "Ron and Tammy."
Justin Theroux was slated to make appearances in multiple Parks and Recreation episodes.
Will Arnett was scheduled to appear only in "The Set Up."
"The Set Up" marked the first of several recurring appearances by Ben Schwartz as Tom Haverford's friend Jean-Ralphio Saperstein.
Michael Schur said the character Jean-Ralphio was invented because the Parks and Recreation staff liked the actor.
The Parks and Recreation staff tried to find a way to work Jean-Ralphio into the show.
Leslie Knope had a large framed photo of Dave Sanderson at the start of the episode.
Dave Sanderson is the Pawnee police officer Leslie Knope had recently broken up with.
Dave Sanderson was played by stand-up comedian Louis C.K. in several Parks and Recreation episodes.
Leslie Knope said she wanted somebody with the brains of film star George Clooney.
Leslie Knope said she wanted somebody with the body of Joe Biden.
Joe Biden is the 67-year-old Vice President of the United States.
April Ludgate said she was late for work because she had to finish watching the 2002 teenage horror film Swimfan.
"The Set Up" was seen by 4.59 million households in its original American broadcast.
"The Set Up" drew a 2.1 rating/6 share among viewers aged between 18 and 49.
Sandra Gonzalez favorably compared the on-screen pairing of Amy Poehler and Will Arnett to the comedic chemistry between Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt.
Brad Pitt guest-starred on the sitcom Friends.
Sandra Gonzalez said the Poehler and Arnett scenes were "the best worst first date I’d seen on TV in a while."
Sandra Gonzalez said she continued to be bored by the subplots involving Ann Perkins and Mark Brendanawicz.
Steve Heisler complimented "The Set Up."
Steve Heisler said the characters played off each other well.
Steve Heisler added that the episode felt a little too plot-driven to ascend to A-material heights.
Steve Heisler particularly praised the performances of Chris Pratt and Will Arnett.
Steve Heisler said Chris Pratt displayed a subtler sense of humor than in his role on the television series Arrested Development.
Kona Gallagher praised "The Set Up."
Kona Gallagher said she was glad the writers found a reason to keep April Ludgate in the show.
Kona Gallagher said the jealousy issue was handled well between Mark Brendanawicz and Ann Perkins.
Kona Gallagher gave the impression of true feelings between the characters.
Alan Sepinwall praised the decision of April Ludgate becoming Ron Swanson's assistant.
Alan Sepinwall praised the comedic potential of the duo of April Ludgate and Ron Swanson.
Alan Sepinwall said Justin Theroux was charming and funny.
Alan Sepinwall said Will Arnett didn't quite fit into the show's low-key, naturalistic vibe.
"The Set Up," along with the other 23 second season episodes of Parks and Recreation, was released on a four-disc DVD set in the United States.
The DVD included deleted scenes for each episode.