The trobairitz were Occitan female troubadours of the 12th and 13th centuries.
The trobairitz were active from around 1170 to approximately 1260.
The word trobairitz was first used in the 13th-century romance Flamenca.
The word trobairitz comes from the Provençal word trobar.
The literal meaning of the word trobar is "to find."
The technical meaning of the word trobar is "to compose."
The word trobairitz is used very rarely in medieval Occitan.
The word trobairitz does not occur in lyrical poetry.
The word trobairitz does not occur in grammatical treatises.
The word trobairitz does not occur in the biographies of the trobairitz or troubadours.
Trobairitz composed verses for the Occitan noble courts.
Trobairitz wrote verses for the Occitan noble courts.
Trobairitz performed for the Occitan noble courts.
Trobairitz are exceptional in musical history as the first known female composers of Western secular music.
All earlier known female composers wrote sacred music.
The trobairitz were part of courtly society.
The joglaressas were lower class counterparts to the trobairitz.
Bernart de Ventadorn may have been the son of a castle's baker.
The trobairitz were nobly born.
The most important trobairitz are Alamanda de Castelnau, Azalais de Porcairagues, Maria de Ventadorn, Tibors, Castelloza, Garsenda de Proença, Gormonda de Monpeslier, and the Comtessa de Diá.
Throughout the 13th century, women of the court were expected to be able to sing.
Throughout the 13th century, women of the court were expected to be able to play instruments.
Throughout the 13th century, women of the court were expected to be able to write jocs partis.
The cultivation of womanly skills may have led to the writings of the trobairitz.
The trobairitz may have arisen due to the power women held in southern France during the 12th and 13th centuries.
Women had far more control over land ownership in southern France during the 12th and 13th centuries.
Occitan society was far more accepting of women than were most other societies of the time.
During the Crusades, many men were away.
The absence of men during the Crusades left women with more administrative responsibility.
The absence of men during the Crusades left women with more power.
This society was not "feminist."
Fin 'amor exalted women while at the same time circumscribing many aspects of their lives and behavior.
There is difficulty in labeling the trobairitz as either amateurs or professionals.
The distinction between amateurs and professionals was complicated in the medieval era.
Professionals were generally lower class.
Amateurs had as much time as professionals to devote to their craft.
Joglaresse were lower class.
Professional composers were far less respected than the trobairitz.
Both troubadours and trobairitz wrote of fin 'amors.
Women were generally the subject of the writings of troubadours.
No other group of poets gives women so exalted a definition within so tightly circumscribed a context of female suppression.
The tension between the suppression of women present in the poetry of the troubadours and similar themes in the poetry of the trobairitz is a major source of discussion for modern commentators.
Trobairitz poetry pertaining to love tended to offer a less idealized conception of the subject than the poetry of their male counterparts.
Trobairitz poetry had a more conversational style of writing.
Trobairitz poetry had a less flourished style of writing.
Trobairitz poetry intended to more closely emulate a grounded vision of relationships.
The trobairitz wrote in the canso genre.
The trobairitz wrote in the tenso genre.
The trobairitz also wrote sirventes.
The trobairitz also wrote planh.
The trobairitz also wrote salut d’amor.
The trobairitz also wrote alba.
The trobairitz also wrote balada.
The trobairitz wrote no pastorelas.
The trobairitz wrote no malmariee songs.
The trobairitz wrote no pastorelas or malmariee songs, unlike their troubadour counterparts.
The trobairitz closely linked the action of singing to the action of loving.
Comtessa de Dia demonstrates this in her poem Fin ioi me don'alegranssa.
In her poem Fin ioi me don'alegranssa, Comtessa de Dia states that "Fin ioi me dona alegranssa / per qu'eu chan plus gaiamen."
The phrase "Fin ioi me dona alegranssa / per qu'eu chan plus gaiamen" translates as "Happiness brings me pure joy / which makes me sing more cheerfully."
The number of works attributed to the trobairitz is estimated at thirty-two songs.
The number of works attributed to the trobairitz ranges anywhere from 23 to 46.
There are a number of reasons why an exact number of works attributed to the trobairitz is not known.
In the courtly love tradition, it was common for poems to be written as an exchange of letters.
In the courtly love tradition, it was common for poems to be written as a debate.
Some of these poems may have been originally written by one poet.
Some of these poems were originally an actual exchange of epistles.
Some of these poems were later gathered together in a manuscript.
Some of these poems were between men.
Some of these poems were between a man and a woman.
Some modern editors attribute these poems solely to the man who originated the exchange.
Some modern editors attribute these poems to both the man and the woman involved.
There is a long history of attributing these poems solely to men.
There is a long history of attributing these poems to men, even when all evidence points to the contrary.
Poetry was highly stylized.
It is difficult to determine when a poet speaking as a woman actually was a woman.
It is difficult to determine when a poet speaking as a woman actually was a man.
This adds to the difficulty of attribution.
This adds to the difficulty of attribution, especially of anonymous writers.
There is some debate as to whether or not the poems by the trobairitz represent genuine feminine voices.
The trobairitz worked within the highly circumscribed conventions of the troubadours.
Matilda Bruckner suggests that the trobairitz spoke in her own voice as channeled through the voices of many others.
By manipulating the strict constructs of troubadour lyric, the trobairitz were able to create their own fictions of the female voice.
There is one notable instance where clear attribution is given to a woman, Bieiris de Romans.
Bieiris de Romans is also given as Beatritz.
The subject of the poem "Na Maria" is another woman, Na Maria.
In the poem "Na Maria," Beatritz expresses her love for Maria.
Beatritz expresses her love for Maria in the traditional fin 'amors style.
Beatritz expresses her love for Maria in terms of physical longing.
Beatritz expresses her love for Maria in terms of courtly admiration.
This poem, if not clearly marked as by a woman, would be assumed to be by a man.
Some controversy surrounds the works of Bieiris de Romans.
Scholars have suggested that the canso by Bieiris de Romans expresses lesbian desire.
The troubadour would typically speak to the domna.
The lyrical dialogue in the poem "Na Maria" takes place exclusively between one woman and another.
The lyrical dialogue taking place exclusively between one woman and another is an extreme rarity.