The porcupine ray (Urogymnus asperrimus) is a rare species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae. The porcupine ray is the only member of its genus. The porcupine ray is found throughout the tropical Indo-Pacific. The porcupine ray is found off West Africa. The porcupine ray favors sand habitats in inshore waters. The porcupine ray favors coral rubble habitats in inshore waters. The porcupine ray favors seagrass habitats in inshore waters. The porcupine ray is found at depths of up to 30 m (100 ft). The porcupine ray reaches a width of 1.2 – 1.5 m (3.9 – 4.9 ft). The porcupine ray has a nearly circular, plain-colored pectoral fin disc. The porcupine ray has a thin tail without any fin folds. The porcupine ray lacks a venomous stinging spine. An adult porcupine ray can defend itself with many large, sharp thorns found over its disc and tail. The diet of the porcupine ray consists mainly of benthic invertebrates. The diet of the porcupine ray consists mainly of bony fishes. The porcupine ray digs up its food from the sea floor. The porcupine ray is aplacental viviparous. The developing embryos of the porcupine ray are nourished by histotroph ("uterine milk") produced by the mother. The porcupine ray has been valued for its rough and durable skin. The skin of the porcupine ray was made into shagreen leather. Shagreen leather was used for various utilitarian purposes. Shagreen leather was used for ornamental purposes. Shagreen leather was used to cover sword hilts. Shagreen leather was used to cover shields. The porcupine ray is caught incidentally by coastal fisheries. The commercial significance of the porcupine ray is limited. Unregulated fishing has led to the porcupine ray declining in many parts of its range. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed the porcupine ray as Vulnerable.
Marcus Elieser Bloch and Johann Gottlob Schneider described the porcupine ray in their 1801 work Systema Ichthyologiae. Bloch and Schneider based their description of the porcupine ray on a partial dried skin obtained from Mumbai, India. Bloch and Schneider placed the porcupine ray in the genus Raja. Bloch and Schneider named the porcupine ray asperrima, meaning "roughest" in Latin. Bloch and Schneider also described a West African form named Raja africana. Later authors have regarded Raja africana and the porcupine ray as synonymous. There is uncertainty about which name has priority between Raja asperrima and Raja africana. Some works give the porcupine ray's specific epithet as asperrimus. Some works give the porcupine ray's specific epithet as africanus. Johannes Peter Müller and Friedrich Gustav Jakob Henle placed the porcupine ray in a new genus, Gymnura, in 1837. The name Gymnura was already in use, referring to the butterfly rays. Müller and Henle replaced Gymnura with Urogymnus later that year. The names Urogymnus and Gymnura are derived from the Ancient Greek words oura ("tail") and gymnos ("naked" or "unarmed"). The names Urogymnus and Gymnura refer to the lack of a tail sting. Other common names for the porcupine ray include black spotted ray, rough-skinned ray, roughback stingaree, Solander's ray, and thorny ray. There may be more than one species of porcupine ray currently recognized.
The porcupine ray is widely distributed. The porcupine ray is uncommon compared to other stingrays that share its range. The porcupine ray is found all along the continental periphery of the Indian Ocean. The porcupine ray is found from South Africa to the Arabian Peninsula. The porcupine ray is found to Southeast Asia. The porcupine ray is found at Ningaloo Reef off western Australia. The porcupine ray is found in Madagascar. The porcupine ray is found in the Seychelles. The porcupine ray is found in Sri Lanka. The porcupine ray has colonized the eastern Mediterranean Sea through the Suez Canal. The range of the porcupine ray continues through Indonesia in the Pacific Ocean. The range of the porcupine ray continues through New Guinea in the Pacific Ocean. The range of the porcupine ray continues north to the Philippines in the Pacific Ocean. The range of the porcupine ray continues east to the Gilbert Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The range of the porcupine ray continues south to Heron Island off eastern Australia in the Pacific Ocean. The porcupine ray is also found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean off Senegal. The porcupine ray is also found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean off Guinea. The porcupine ray is also found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean off Côte d'Ivoire. The porcupine ray is bottom-dwelling in nature. The porcupine ray is found close to shore at depths of 1 – 30 m (3 – 100 ft). The porcupine ray inhabits sandy flats. The porcupine ray inhabits coral rubble. The porcupine ray inhabits seagrass beds. The porcupine ray often inhabits areas near reefs. The porcupine ray also enters brackish water.
The pectoral fin disc of the porcupine ray is evenly oval. The pectoral fin disc of the porcupine ray is almost as wide as long. The pectoral fin disc of the porcupine ray is very thick at the center. The thickness of the pectoral fin disc gives it a domed appearance. The tip of the snout of the porcupine ray is rounded. The tip of the snout of the porcupine ray barely protrudes. The small eyes of the porcupine ray are closely followed by much larger spiracles. The area between the narrow nostrils of the porcupine ray has a skirt-shaped curtain of skin. The posterior margin of the curtain of skin is strongly fringed. The posterior margin of the curtain of skin overhangs the mouth. The mouth of the porcupine ray bears 3 – 5 papillae on the floor. The mouth of the porcupine ray has prominent furrows at the corners. The area around the mouth of the porcupine ray is heavily covered by more papillae. The porcupine ray has around 48 tooth rows in either jaw. The teeth of the porcupine ray are small and flattened. The porcupine ray has five pairs of gill slits located on the underside of the disc. The pelvic fins of the porcupine ray are small and narrow. The thin, rapidly tapering tail of the porcupine ray is about equal to the disc in length. The tail of the porcupine ray has an almost cylindrical cross-section. The tail of the porcupine ray has no fin folds. The tail of the porcupine ray has no venomous stinging spine. A dense patch of flattened, heart-shaped dermal denticles covers the center of the disc of the porcupine ray. The dense patch of dermal denticles extends onto the tail of the porcupine ray. Larger individuals of the porcupine ray have numerous tall, sharp thorns over the entire upper surface of the disc. The porcupine ray is plain light to dark gray or brown above. The color of the porcupine ray darkens to blackish towards the tail tip. The underside of the porcupine ray is white. The porcupine ray grows to at least 1.2 m (3.9 ft) across. The porcupine ray grows to at least 2.2 m (7.2 ft) long. The porcupine ray may reach 1.5 m (4.9 ft) across.
The porcupine ray can sometimes be observed lying still on the bottom. The porcupine ray can sometimes be observed lying inside caves. The porcupine ray is known to form groups at Ningaloo Reef. The diet of the porcupine ray consists primarily of sipunculids. The diet of the porcupine ray consists primarily of polychaete worms. The diet of the porcupine ray consists primarily of crustaceans. The diet of the porcupine ray consists primarily of bony fishes. When feeding, the porcupine ray plows deeply into the bottom. The porcupine ray expels excess sediment from its spiracles in a plume. The plume of sediment expelled by the porcupine ray is visible from a long distance away. The porcupine ray has documented parasites. The documented parasites of the porcupine ray include the tapeworm Rhinebothrium devaneyi. The documented parasites of the porcupine ray include the nematode Echinocephalus overstreeti. The documented parasites of the porcupine ray include the capsalid monogeneans Dendromonocotyle urogymni. The documented parasites of the porcupine ray include the capsalid monogeneans Neoentobdella baggioi. The porcupine ray is aplacental viviparous. The developing embryos of the porcupine ray are sustained to term by histotroph ("uterine milk") secreted by the mother. Mangrove forests serve as important habitat for juvenile porcupine rays. Males of the porcupine ray mature sexually at about 90 cm (35 in) across. Females of the porcupine ray mature sexually at about 100 cm (39 in) across.
The porcupine ray is capable of injuring humans with its many sharp thorns. The porcupine ray is reportedly bold. The porcupine ray is reportedly tolerant of being approached closely underwater. The tough, thorny skin of the porcupine ray is made into a form of leather called shagreen. The skin of the porcupine ray had many historical uses. The skin of the porcupine ray was used to cover the hilts of various melee weapons. The extremely rough texture of the skin of the porcupine ray prevented slippage during battle. The Japanese deemed the porcupine ray the only species whose skin was acceptable for covering sword grips. The Malayans used the skin of the porcupine ray to cover shields. The skin of the porcupine ray was used ornamentally. The Chinese dyed the skin of the porcupine ray. The Chinese ground down the thorns of the porcupine ray to yield a mottled pattern. The native inhabitants of Funafuti Atoll used dried portions of the porcupine ray's tail as a rasp-like tool. The porcupine ray is caught incidentally in trawls. The porcupine ray is caught incidentally in tangle nets. The porcupine ray is caught incidentally in beach seines. The skin of the porcupine ray continues to be highly valued. The meat of the porcupine ray may also be utilized. The cartilage of the porcupine ray may also be utilized. The liver of the porcupine ray is eaten as a seasonal dish in the Farasan Islands. The liver of the porcupine ray is eaten as a seasonal dish in some other places in the Red Sea. The economic importance of the porcupine ray is limited by how difficult it is to handle. The multi-species coastal fisheries that catch the porcupine ray are largely unregulated. Unregulated fishing has resulted in the dramatic decline of the porcupine ray in the Bay of Bengal. Unregulated fishing has resulted in the local extinction of the porcupine ray in the Gulf of Thailand. Unregulated fishing has likely resulted in the decline of the porcupine ray elsewhere in its range. Potential additional threats to the porcupine ray include habitat degradation from coastal development. Potential additional threats to the porcupine ray include depletion of its food supply from overfishing. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has assessed the porcupine ray as Vulnerable.