Holger Glinicki was born on 25 October 1952.
Holger Glinicki is a German wheelchair basketball coach.
Holger Glinicki coached Hamburger SV.
Holger Glinicki was assistant coach of the German women's national wheelchair basketball team from 2003 to 2005.
Holger Glinicki has been coach of the German women's national wheelchair basketball team since 2006.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five European championships during Holger Glinicki's coaching.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
Holger Glinicki was paralyzed following a motorcycle accident in 1972.
Holger Glinicki broke his fourth thoracic vertebra in a motorcycle accident in 1972.
Holger Glinicki became involved in disability sports.
Holger Glinicki played wheelchair basketball for RSC Hamburg.
RSC Hamburg were the German national champions in 1983.
Holger Glinicki played a total of 123 international games.
Holger Glinicki became assistant coach of the German women's national wheelchair basketball team in 2003.
Holger Glinicki became coach of the German women's national wheelchair basketball team in 2006.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2003.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2005.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2007.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2009.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2011.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team started off slow in its games against the United States at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team started off slow in its games against China at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won its games against the United States by slim six-point margins at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won its games against China by slim six-point margins at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
Marina Mohnen thought that the German women's national wheelchair basketball team played their best basketball only in the final minutes of a game.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team defeated the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team won the gold medal by defeating the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team by 44-58 at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The crowd at the North Greenwich Arena was over 12,000 during the final match of the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
The gold medal won by the German women's national wheelchair basketball team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was the first gold medal that Germany had won in women's wheelchair basketball at the Paralympics since 1984.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team was awarded the Silver Laurel Leaf by President Joachim Gauck in November 2012.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team was named Team of the Year for 2012.
Holger Glinicki celebrated the gold medal win by plunging off Canary Wharf into London's River Thames.
Holger Glinicki was named Hamburg's coach of the year for 2012.
Holger Glinicki was philosophical about the gold medal win.
Holger Glinicki noted in December 2012 that there were many awards and ceremonies.
Holger Glinicki noted in December 2012 that the memory of London was fading over time.
Holger Glinicki returned to coaching his club team, Hamburger SV.
Hamburger SV is now renamed BG Baskets Hamburg.
BG Baskets Hamburg included national team members Mareike Adermann and Edina Müller.
BG Baskets Hamburg included Australia's Bridie Kean.
BG Baskets Hamburg won the national championship for the eighth time in 2013.
The German women's national wheelchair basketball team lost the European Championship to the Netherlands by a point in July 2013.
The score of the European Championship match between the German women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Netherlands was 56-57.
The European Championship match between the German women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Netherlands took place before a hometown crowd in Frankfurt in July 2013.
In April 2014, Holger Glinicki coached BG Baskets Hamburg to a win in the final of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Euro League Challenge Cup.
BG Baskets Hamburg won its first International title in April 2014.
BG Baskets Hamburg won the final of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Euro League Challenge Cup by 62-54 over the Frankfurt Mainhatten Skywheelers.
BG Baskets Hamburg won the Fair Play Award of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Europe.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Hamburg, Germany in 2003.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Villeneuve d'Ascq, France in 2005.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Wetzlar, Germany in 2007.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning silver at the Paralympic Games in Beijing, China in 2008.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Stoke Mandeville, Great Britain in 2009.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning silver at the World Championships in Birmingham, Great Britain in 2010.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Nazareth, Israel in 2011.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the Paralympic Games in London, Great Britain in 2012.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include being named Hamburg coach of the year for 2012.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning silver at the European Championships in Frankfurt, Germany in 2013.
Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning silver at the World Championships in Toronto, Canada in 2014.