Tropical Storm Marco was the only tropical cyclone to make landfall on the United States during the 1990 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Marco was the 13th named storm of the 1990 Atlantic hurricane season.
Tropical Storm Marco formed from a cold-core low pressure area along the northern coast of Cuba on October 9.
Tropical Storm Marco tracked northwestward through the eastern Gulf of Mexico.
Tropical Storm Marco produced 65 mph (100 km/h) winds over land.
Tropical Storm Marco weakened to a tropical depression before moving ashore near Cedar Key.
Tropical Storm Marco combined with a cold front and the remnants of Hurricane Klaus to produce heavy rainfall in Georgia and the Carolinas.
Tropical Storm Marco continued northward until being absorbed by a cold front on October 13.
Tropical Storm Marco triggered flooding of some houses and roadways in Florida.
Rainfall across the path of Tropical Storm Marco peaked at 19.89 inches (505 mm) in Louisville, Georgia.
Several locations received over 10 inches (250 mm) of precipitation due to Tropical Storm Marco.
The flooding caused a total of 12 deaths in Florida, mostly due to drowning.
The flooding caused $57 million in damage (1990 USD, $103 million 2016 USD) in Florida.
A low pressure area and circulation persisted over eastern Cuba in the middle levels of the atmosphere by early on October 6.
The low pressure area drifted westward and interacted with Hurricane Klaus to its east.
The low pressure area developed a low-level circulation on October 9.
The National Hurricane Center classified the low pressure area as Tropical Depression Fifteen while located near the Cuban city of Caibarién.
Tropical Depression Fifteen was initially subtropical in character.
Tropical Depression Fifteen absorbed most of Hurricane Klaus and became the dominant system.
Tropical Storm Marco tracked parallel to the coast of Cuba before veering northward.
Tropical Storm Marco crossed the Florida Keys.
Tropical Storm Marco intensified into Tropical Storm Marco about 35 miles (55 km) south-southeast of Key West, Florida.
Tropical Storm Marco reached peak winds of 65 mph (100 km/h) on October 11.
Tropical Storm Marco remained offshore for another six hours after reaching its peak intensity.
Tropical Storm Marco weakened to a tropical depression prior to making landfall near Cedar Key early on October 12.
Tropical Storm Marco became an extra-tropical cyclone by 1200 UTC on October 12.
Tropical Storm Marco turned to the northeast and east through South Carolina.
The proximity of Tropical Storm Marco to Hurricane Lili resulted in hints of the Fujiwhara effect.
Moisture from the remnants of Tropical Storm Marco dropped heavy rainfall across the southeast United States for another day.
A tropical storm warning was issued for the west coast of Florida from Key West to Apalachicola.
A tropical storm warning was issued for the east coast of Florida from Vero Beach northward to Fernandina Beach.
Elementary schools were closed on the three barrier islands in Lee County before the arrival of Tropical Storm Marco.
Florida governor Bob Martinez ordered the closure of state offices in the Tampa Bay area.
Florida governor Bob Martinez decided not to open the University of South Florida and nearby community colleges.
Public schools were not opened on the day of Tropical Storm Marco's passage in Manatee and Sarasota counties.
Most other schools remained open on the day of Tropical Storm Marco's passage in Florida.
The National Weather Service issued a flood watch for much of Georgia as Tropical Storm Marco tracked northward.
A flood watch was issued for western portions of the Carolinas due to Tropical Storm Marco.
A flood watch was issued for high elevations in Virginia and West Virginia due to Tropical Storm Marco.
Tropical Storm Marco produced 39-74 mph winds across western Florida.
Tropical Storm Marco developed strong convective rain bands while brushing the coastline of Florida.
Tropical Storm Marco led to peak sustained winds of 69 mph (112 km/h) with gusts to 85 mph (137 km/h) on the Sunshine Skyway Bridge.
The Sunshine Skyway Bridge was closed after gusts reached 70 mph (115 km/h).
Squalls from Tropical Storm Marco spawned four tornadoes in Florida.
One tornado spawned by Tropical Storm Marco struck the city of Crystal River.
The tornado that struck Crystal River destroyed a mobile home.
The tornado that struck Crystal River left 2,000 people without power for about an hour.
Storm damage from Tropical Storm Marco left about 25,000 customers across Florida without power.
Storm damage from Tropical Storm Marco left about 40 families temporarily homeless.
Tropical Storm Marco produced a light storm surge that peaked at 2.6 feet (0.8 m) above normal on Sanibel Island.
The storm surge levels varied only by as much as 9.8 inches (250 mm) from the predicted levels from the SLOSH model.
The storm surge and waves caused minor beach erosion in Florida.
Moderate to heavy rainfall fell across western Florida due to Tropical Storm Marco.
Rainfall peaked at 6.14 inches (156 mm) near Bradenton, Florida.
The rainfall from Tropical Storm Marco was beneficial after a very dry summer in Florida.
The rainfall from Tropical Storm Marco fell quickly, failing to relieve water restrictions across the area.
Tropical Storm Marco resulted in some flooding in its path, including several homes in Manatee County.
Tropical Storm Marco caused flooding of roadways and two U.S. highways in Florida.
Statewide damage from Tropical Storm Marco totaled $3 million (1990 USD, $5.43 million 2016 USD).
Damage in Manatee County from Tropical Storm Marco totaled $1 million (1990 USD, $1.81 million 2016 USD).
The remnants of Tropical Storm Marco entered Georgia.
The remnants of Tropical Storm Marco combined with the remnant moisture from Hurricane Klaus and a slow-moving cold front.
The combination of the remnants of Tropical Storm Marco and other factors caused large amounts of precipitation to fall across the eastern portion of Georgia.
Rainfall peaked at 19.89 inches (505 mm) at a weather station near Louisville, Georgia.
Over 16 inches (400 mm) of rainfall fell in a 24-hour period in Louisville, Georgia.
In Augusta, Georgia, 2.79 inches (71 mm) of rainfall fell in one hour.
The rainfall in Augusta, Georgia forced the evacuation of about 300 people.
Some roads in eastern Georgia were flooded up to 6 feet (1.8 m) deep.
Police officers in Augusta rescued people in flooded cars.
The flooding in Georgia resulted in some power outages.
Five people drowned in the flooding caused by the remnants of Tropical Storm Marco in Georgia.
The flooding left 450 people homeless in Georgia.
The remnants of Tropical Storm Marco spawned a tornado in Brantley County, Georgia.
The tornado in Brantley County destroyed 25 unoccupied homes.
Damage in Georgia totaled $42 million (1990 USD, $76.1 million 2016 USD).
On October 19, 1990, President George H. W. Bush declared several counties in Georgia as federal disaster areas.
The declaration of federal disaster areas permitted the use of emergency funds for victims in Georgia.
Heavy rainfall continued northward into the Carolinas due to the remnants of Tropical Storm Marco.
Much of South Carolina experienced over 7 inches (175 mm) of precipitation.
Statewide rainfall in South Carolina peaked at 13.96 inches (355 mm) in Pageland.
The rainfall in South Carolina ended a severe drought in some locations.
The flooding in South Carolina caused 80 bridges to fail.
More than 120 bridges were either closed, damaged, or destroyed in South Carolina due to the flooding.
The flooding in South Carolina caused three drowning deaths.
Damage in South Carolina totaled $12 million (1990 USD, $21.7 million 2016 USD).
In North Carolina, rainfall reached 10.74 inches (273 mm) in Albemarle.
The storm directly caused two deaths in North Carolina.
The storm indirectly caused two traffic deaths in North Carolina.
Rainfall from the combined remnants of Tropical Storm Marco and Hurricane Klaus extended into the Ohio Valley.
3.67 inches (93 mm) of rainfall was recorded near Mountain City, Tennessee.
Totals of 2-5 inches (50-125 mm) of rainfall spread across northwest Virginia, western Maryland, eastern West Virginia, and the Susquehanna Valley of Pennsylvania.
In New York, rainfall combined with moisture from Hurricane Lili triggered flooding.
The flooding in New York closed a portion of a railway line and a highway.
Tropical Storm Marco was the only storm to strike the United States during the 1990 hurricane season.
Without Tropical Storm Marco, the 1990 hurricane season would have been the first to have no tropical storm or hurricane make landfall in the United States since the 1890 season.