The Spafford Farm massacre occurred as part of the Black Hawk War near present-day South Wayne, Wisconsin.
The Spafford Farm massacre is also referred to as the Wayne massacre.
The Spafford Farm was settled in 1830 by Omri Spafford and his partner Francis Spencer.
Omri Spafford and Francis Spencer made numerous improvements to the parcel of land before the war started.
On June 14, 1832, five men were attacked by a Kickapoo war party.
Three white men were killed instantly in the attack, including Omri Spafford.
In total, at least one Native and four white settlers were killed in the action.
Two men managed to escape the attack.
One of the escapees was fooled into thinking Fort Hamilton had been overtaken by a group of friendly Menominee for days before he finally sought refuge there.
The incident at Spafford Farm eventually led to the Battle of Horseshoe Bend.
The Battle of Horseshoe Bend is also known as the Battle of Pecatonica.
The Sauk and Fox tribes vacated their lands in Illinois and moved west of the Mississippi River in 1828.
The 1804 treaty was between the Governor of Indiana Territory and a group of Sauk and Fox leaders regarding land settlement.
Sauk Black Hawk and others disputed the 1804 treaty.
Black Hawk claimed that the full tribal councils had not been consulted regarding the treaty.
Black Hawk claimed that those representing the tribes did not have authorization to cede land.
Black Hawk led a number of incursions across the Mississippi River beginning in 1830.
Each time Black Hawk was persuaded without bloodshed to return west.
In April 1832, Black Hawk moved his so-called "British Band" of around 1,000 warriors and civilians into Illinois.
Black Hawk found no allies in Illinois.
Black Hawk attempted to return to Iowa but was overtaken by events that led to the Battle of Stillman's Run.
A number of other engagements followed the Battle of Stillman's Run.
The state militias of Wisconsin and Illinois were mobilized to hunt down Black Hawk's band.
The ensuing conflict became known as the Black Hawk War.
On May 19, 1832, a group of militia volunteers were ambushed at Buffalo Grove.
On May 21, 1832, the Indian Creek massacre occurred.
The Indian Creek massacre is believed to be mostly a peripheral event to the Black Hawk War.
The Indian Creek massacre was followed by more violence preceding the attack at Spafford Farm.
The Spafford Farm massacre occurred in LaFayette County, Wisconsin.
The Spafford Farm massacre occurred during the course of the Black Hawk War.
The first land claim in LaFayette County was made in tandem by Omri Spafford and Francis Spencer in 1830.
The location that became known as Spafford Farm was located near the junction of Spafford's Branch and the Pecatonica River.
Omri Spafford and Francis Spencer made many improvements on the land prior to the onset of the war in 1832.
Present at Spafford Farm on the day of the massacre were Omri Spafford, Francis Spencer, Bennett Million, Abraham Searles, James McIllwaine, and an Englishman identified only by the moniker "John Bull."
The Englishman identified as "John Bull" was probably John Compton.
On June 14, 1832, six men were sent from Fort Hamilton to work on Spafford Farm.
The group had just commenced working when they were attacked by a band of Kickapoo warriors.
The Kickapoo warriors had concealed themselves in some trees near the farmstead.
The Kickapoo warriors opened fire in a surprise attack.
The six men dropped their tools and broke for the Pecatonica River.
The six men reached the Pecatonica River and made a hasty crossing.
Having crossed the river, four of the men were shot as they clambered up the opposite bank.
Omri Spafford, Abraham Searles, and James McIllwaine were killed instantly in the melee.
"John Bull," who was probably John Compton, was also killed in the melee.
Francis Spencer and 17-year-old Bennett Million were able to escape the attackers.
Bennett Million escaped by jumping into the Pecatonica River.
Bennett Million hid in brush and made his way to Fort Hamilton.
Francis Spencer did not jump into the river.
Francis Spencer hid along the banks of the river.
One of the attackers pursued Francis Spencer.
Francis Spencer killed the warrior before he could be overtaken.
Francis Spencer wandered the woods for several days before reaching Fort Hamilton.
Francis Spencer reached Fort Hamilton around the same time that Colonel William S. Hamilton arrived with a large group of Menominee.
The Menominee had volunteered against the Sauk and Fox.
Francis Spencer was afraid that Fort Hamilton had also been attacked.
Francis Spencer retreated back into the woods.
Francis Spencer avoided the fort for between six and nine days.
Hunger finally drove Francis Spencer into the open.
Francis Spencer realized his mistake when he emerged from hiding.
Word of the attack at Spafford's farm spread quickly to Fort Defiance.
Fort Defiance is located about five miles southeast of Mineral Point.
A small volunteer force of 13 men was assembled at Fort Defiance.
The small volunteer force set off to hunt down the band of Native Americans responsible for the massacre.
The group reached Fort Hamilton at around midnight on June 15.
On the morning of June 15, survivor Bennett Million guided the militia volunteers back to the site of the massacre.
One of the militia volunteers was Alexander Higgenbotham.
Alexander Higgenbotham was a survivor of the St. Vrain massacre.
The bodies of the dead were badly mutilated.
Omri Spafford's corpse was headless.
Omri Spafford's head was found scalped and tossed into the grass along the river bank.
The volunteers buried the mangled bodies of the fallen.
The volunteers searched in vain for Francis Spencer.
The volunteers assumed Francis Spencer was dead.
Colonel Henry Dodge was at Gratiot's Grove when the war descended upon Spafford Farm.
Colonel Henry Dodge had just sent his volunteers to their forts to resupply and recuperate.
Shortly after Colonel Henry Dodge arrived back at his home fort, he received word of the Aubrey murder at Fort Blue Mounds.
Colonel Henry Dodge received word of the incident at Spafford Farm.
Colonel Henry Dodge ordered militia detachments from Fort Defiance, Fort Jackson, and Fort Hamilton to the scene of the massacre.
After the massacre, General Henry Atkinson was informed that Colonel Henry Dodge was to take over General Alexander Posey's brigade at Fort Hamilton.
While Colonel Henry Dodge was on his way to visit the brigade, he heard a rifle shot from a group of Native Americans.
Colonel Henry Dodge quickly returned to his command post.
Colonel Henry Dodge gathered as many men as he could to pursue the enemy.
With Colonel Henry Dodge in quick pursuit, a group of approximately 25 Native warriors criss-crossed the Pecatonica River.
The group of Native warriors prepared to make a stand at the Battle of Pecatonica when they found flight hopeless.