Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is a picture book collection by Theodor Seuss Geisel.
Theodor Seuss Geisel is more commonly known by the pseudonym Dr. Seuss.
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was first released by Random House Books on April 12, 1958.
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is written in Seuss's trademark style.
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories uses a type of meter called anapestic tetrameter.
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories contains three short stories.
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is mostly known for its first story, "Yertle the Turtle."
In "Yertle the Turtle," Yertle, king of the pond, stands on his subjects.
Yertle attempts to reach higher than the moon.
The bottom turtle burps and Yertle falls into the mud.
Yertle's fall ends his rule.
The book included the word "burp."
The word "burp" was considered to be relatively rude at the time of publication.
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was a success upon publication.
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories has sold over a million copies since its publication.
In 2001, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was listed at 125 on the Publishers Weekly list of the best-selling children's books of all time.
The eponymous story "Yertle the Turtle" revolves around Yertle the Turtle.
Yertle the Turtle is the king of the pond.
Yertle is dissatisfied with the stone that serves as his throne.
Yertle commands the other turtles to stack themselves beneath him.
Yertle wants to see farther and expand his kingdom.
The stacked turtles are in pain.
Mack is the turtle at the very bottom of the pile.
Mack is suffering the most among the stacked turtles.
Mack asks Yertle for a respite.
Yertle tells Mack to be quiet.
Yertle decides to expand his kingdom.
Yertle commands more turtles to add to his throne.
Mack makes a second request for a respite.
The increased weight is causing extreme pain to the turtles at the bottom of the pile.
The increased weight is causing hunger to the turtles at the bottom of the pile.
Yertle yells at Mack to be quiet again.
Yertle notices the moon rising above him.
Yertle is furious that something dares to be higher than him.
Yertle decides to call for even more turtles.
Yertle attempts to rise above the moon.
Mack decides he has had enough.
Mack burps.
Mack's burp takes away Yertle's throne.
Mack's burp tosses Yertle off the turtle stack.
Yertle falls into the mud.
Yertle is left as "King of the Mud."
Mack's burp frees the other turtles.
The second story is titled "Gertrude McFuzz."
The second story recounts the tale of Gertrude McFuzz.
Gertrude McFuzz is a "girl-bird."
Gertrude McFuzz has one small, plain tail feather.
Gertrude McFuzz envies Lolla Lee Lou.
Lolla Lee Lou has two feathers.
Gertrude McFuzz goes to her uncle, Doctor Dake.
Gertrude McFuzz asks Doctor Dake for something to make her tail grow.
Doctor Dake tries to tell Gertrude McFuzz that her tail is just right for her species.
Gertrude McFuzz throws a tantrum.
Doctor Dake gives in to Gertrude McFuzz.
Doctor Dake tells Gertrude McFuzz where she can find berries that will make her tail grow.
The first berry makes Gertrude McFuzz's tail exactly like Lolla Lee Lou's.
Greed overtakes Gertrude McFuzz.
Gertrude McFuzz wants to surpass Lolla Lee Lou.
Gertrude McFuzz eats the entire vine.
Eating the entire vine causes Gertrude McFuzz's tail to grow to an enormous size.
The added weight of too many feathers does not allow Gertrude McFuzz to fly.
The added weight of too many feathers does not allow Gertrude McFuzz to run.
The added weight of too many feathers does not allow Gertrude McFuzz to walk.
Gertrude McFuzz panics by yelping repeatedly.
Gertrude McFuzz is stuck on the hill.
Doctor Dake hears Gertrude McFuzz's painful yelps.
Doctor Dake sends for a rescue.
Many other birds are forced to carry Gertrude McFuzz home.
Many other birds are forced to pluck out Gertrude McFuzz's tail feathers.
Plucking out Gertrude McFuzz's tail feathers takes a few weeks.
Plucking out Gertrude McFuzz's tail feathers causes her to be sore.
Gertrude McFuzz has only one feather left after the plucking.
Gertrude McFuzz's remaining feather is the same as before.
Gertrude McFuzz now has "enough" because she is smarter.
The third story is titled "The Big Brag."
The third story tells of a rabbit and a bear.
The rabbit and the bear boast that they are the "best of the beasts."
The rabbit boasts about the range of his hearing abilities.
The bear boasts about the range of his smelling abilities.
The rabbit and the bear are humbled by a worm.
The worm claims he can see all around the world.
The worm sees back to his own hill.
The worm sees the rabbit and bear.
The worm calls the rabbit and bear "the two biggest fools that have ever been seen."
A stack of turtles drawn similarly to those featured in "Yertle the Turtle" first appeared on March 20, 1942.
The stack of turtles appeared in a cartoon for the New York City newspaper PM.
Seuss worked as an editorial cartoonist for the New York City newspaper PM.
The illustration shows two stacks of turtles forming the letter "V."
The illustration shows a large turtle labeled "Dawdling Producers."
The illustration has a caption reading "You Can't Build A Substantial V Out of Turtles!"
Seuss has stated that the titular character Yertle represented Adolf Hitler.
Yertle's despotic rule of the pond parallels Hitler's regime in Germany.
Yertle's takeover of the surrounding area parallels Hitler's invasion of various parts of Europe.
Seuss made a point of not beginning the writing of his stories with a moral in mind.
Seuss stated that "kids can see a moral coming a mile off."
Seuss was not against writing about issues.
Seuss said "there's an inherent moral in any story."
Seuss remarked that he was "subversive as hell."
"Yertle the Turtle" has been described as "autocratic rule overturned."
"Yertle the Turtle" has been described as "a reaction against the fascism of World War II."
"Yertle the Turtle" has been described as "subversive of authoritarian rule."
In 2003, reporter John J. Miller compared Yertle to the former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein.
John J. Miller said that "its final lines apply as much to Saddam Hussein as they once did to the European fascists."
The last lines of "Yertle the Turtle" read: "And turtles, of course... all the turtles are free / As turtles, and maybe, all creatures should be."
Seuss was questioned about why he wrote "maybe" rather than "surely."
Seuss replied that he didn't want to sound "didactic or like a preacher on a platform."
Seuss wanted the reader to say "surely" in their minds instead of him having to say it.
The use of the word "burp" was an issue before publication.
Seuss stated that the publishers at Random House had to meet to decide whether or not they could use "burp."
The president of Random House was included in the meeting about the word "burp."
Nobody had ever burped before on the pages of a children's book.
Despite the publishers' initial worries, the book proved to be a hit.
In 2001, Publishers Weekly reported that Yertle the Turtle was 125th on the list of best-selling hardcover children's books in the United States.
Yertle the Turtle sold just over one million copies.
The book is dedicated to the Sagmaster family.
The book is a tribute to Joseph Sagmaster.
Joseph Sagmaster introduced Seuss to his first wife, Helen Palmer.
Joseph Sagmaster and Helen Palmer met while attending Oxford University.
Joseph Sagmaster is quoted as saying that bringing Seuss and Helen Palmer together was "the happiest inspiration I've ever had."
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories has not been directly adapted.
Several characters from Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories have appeared in other media.
Yertle is a character in the 1996–1997 television series The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss.
In Stephen Flaherty's Broadway musical Seussical, Yertle serves as a judge.
In Stephen Flaherty's Broadway musical Seussical, Gertrude McFuzz acts as Horton's love interest.
The story was turned into a dance number in the 1994 film In Search of Dr. Seuss.
Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is a 1992 animation directed by Ray Messecar.
The 1992 animation of Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was narrated by John Lithgow.
The 1992 animation of Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was later released and cropped to widescreen format on Blu-ray.
The 1992 animation of Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is part of Who's Who in the Dr. Seuss?
The Red Hot Chili Peppers adapted the story in the song "Yertle the Turtle."
The song "Yertle the Turtle" is on the Red Hot Chili Peppers' second album, Freaky Styley.
Freaky Styley was released in 1985.