Prelude to a Million Years: A Book of Wood Engravings is a 1933 wordless novel.
Prelude to a Million Years consists of thirty wood engravings.
Lynd Ward is an American artist.
Lynd Ward was born in 1905.
Lynd Ward died in 1985.
Prelude to a Million Years is the fourth of Lynd Ward's six wordless novels.
Lynd Ward discovered the genre of wordless novels while studying wood engraving in Europe.
Lynd Ward was influenced by the works of Frans Masereel.
Lynd Ward was influenced by the works of Otto Nückel.
The story in Prelude to a Million Years is symbol-rich.
The story tells of a sculptor.
The sculptor is in quest of ideal beauty.
The sculptor neglects the reality of the struggles of his neighbors.
The struggles of the neighbors occur in the depths of the Great Depression.
The engravings in Prelude to a Million Years are done in a softer Art Deco style.
The artwork in Prelude to a Million Years contrasts with the German Expressionism-influenced artwork of Lynd Ward's earlier works.
Lynd Ward was a son of Harry F. Ward.
Harry F. Ward was a Methodist minister.
Harry F. Ward was a social activist.
Lynd Ward displayed the influence of his father's interest in social injustice throughout his career.
Lynd Ward married May McNeer in 1926.
Lynd Ward and May McNeer left for Europe after their marriage.
Lynd Ward spent a year studying wood engraving in Leipzig, Germany.
Lynd Ward encountered German Expressionist art in Leipzig, Germany.
Lynd Ward read the wordless novel The Sun by Frans Masereel in Leipzig, Germany.
Frans Masereel was a Flemish woodcut artist.
Frans Masereel was born in 1889.
Frans Masereel died in 1972.
Lynd Ward returned to the United States after studying in Europe.
Lynd Ward freelanced his illustrations after returning to the United States.
Lynd Ward came across Otto Nückel's wordless novel Destiny in New York City in 1929.
Otto Nückel's wordless novel Destiny was published in 1926.
Otto Nückel's wordless novel Destiny inspired Lynd Ward to create a wordless novel of his own.
Lynd Ward created the wordless novel Gods' Man in 1929.
Lynd Ward followed Gods' Man with the wordless novel Madman's Drum.
Lynd Ward followed Madman's Drum with the wordless novel Wild Pilgrimage.
Lynd Ward and May McNeer were among the nine cofounders of Equinox Cooperative Press in December 1931.
Equinox Cooperative Press was dedicated to a hands-on approach to bookmaking.
The book opens with a dream sequence.
In the dream sequence, a sculptor worships before a flower symbolizing beauty.
The sculptor struggles to capture his vision of beauty in a sculpture.
The sculpture is of an idealized woman.
The sculptor neglects the reality around him.
The sculptor neglects the toll the Depression of the 1930s has taken on people.
The sculptor crosses paths with a neighbor who is beaten by her husband.
The sculptor witnesses violent social protest.
The sculptor witnesses jingoistic nationalists.
The sculptor witnesses drunkenness.
The sculptor is engulfed in flames when he returns to his studio.
The sculptor tries to flee from the reality around him.
Lynd Ward returns to the theme of an artist in a decaying culture in Prelude to a Million Years.
Lynd Ward explored the theme of an artist in a decaying culture in his first wordless novel, Gods' Man.
Lynd Ward intended Prelude to a Million Years as a commentary on the Depression.
The Depression colored outlooks since the publication of Gods' Man.
Headlines declared endless layoffs during the Depression.
Headlines declared strikes during the Depression.
Headlines declared lock-outs during the Depression.
Headlines declared political spin during the Depression.
Lynd Ward believed a process of polarization of the citizenry was set in motion.
The style of Prelude to a Million Years evolved from angular German Expressionism.
The style of Prelude to a Million Years evolved to a softer Art Deco style.
Lynd Ward uses symbols throughout Prelude to a Million Years.
One symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is the spinning of a spiderweb.
The spinning of a spiderweb indicates the passage of time.
One symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is a fire hydrant.
The fire hydrant echoes the emotions of a street riot.
One symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is towering city buildings.
The towering city buildings represent capitalism.
One symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is flags.
The flags represent patriotism.
The most prominent symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is a flower.
The flower represents the artist's distracted quest for beauty.
The artist remains indifferent to the turmoil around him.
Lynd Ward made thirty wood engravings for Prelude to a Million Years.
The wood engravings range in size from 5 × 3 inches to 5 1/4 × 3 1/4 inches.
Prelude to a Million Years was published in 1933.
Prelude to a Million Years was published by Equinox Cooperative Press.
Equinox Cooperative Press is a bookmaking cooperative.
Lynd Ward cofounded Equinox Cooperative Press.
The first edition of Prelude to a Million Years was the third book Equinox published.
The first edition of Prelude to a Million Years was limited to 920 copies.
The first edition of Prelude to a Million Years was printed from the original woodblocks.
The first edition of Prelude to a Million Years was hand-bound in French folds.
The first edition of Prelude to a Million Years had a gold foil spine.
Prelude to a Million Years was modestly priced.
Prelude to a Million Years sold well.
Prelude to a Million Years brought in revenue to sustain Equinox's other book projects.
Reception of Prelude to a Million Years was mixed.
Reviewer E. L. Tinker praised Lynd Ward's visual mastery.
Reviewer E. L. Tinker denigrated Lynd Ward's repetition of plot.
E. L. Tinker described the protagonist's revolt against the injustices of society.
E. L. Tinker described the protagonist's preoccupation with sex.
E. L. Tinker described the protagonist's self-loathing after succumbing to the scarlet woman.
E. L. Tinker described the protagonist's final disillusionment.
Wood engraver John DePol considered Prelude to a Million Years his favorite of Lynd Ward's wordless novels.