Honorius of Canterbury died on 30 September 653.
Honorius was a member of the Gregorian mission to Christianize the Anglo-Saxons.
The Gregorian mission to Christianize the Anglo-Saxons began in 597 AD.
Honorius later became Archbishop of Canterbury.
Honorius consecrated the first native English bishop of Rochester.
Honorius helped the missionary efforts of Felix among the East Anglians.
Honorius was the last to die among the Gregorian missionaries.
Honorius was Roman by birth.
Honorius may have been chosen by Pope Gregory the Great for the Gregorian mission to England.
Honorius was likely a member of the second party of missionaries sent in 601.
It is not known if Honorius's name was given to him at birth.
It is not known if Honorius chose his name when he became archbishop.
Honorius was consecrated as archbishop in 627.
Paulinus of York consecrated Honorius as archbishop at Lincoln.
Honorius wrote to Pope Honorius I asking to raise the see of York to an archbishopric.
The pope agreed to raise the see of York to an archbishopric.
The pope sent a pallium for Paulinus.
Paulinus had already been forced to flee from Northumbria by the time the pope sent the pallium.
Paulinus fled Northumbria after the death of King Edwin of Northumbria in October 633.
Paulinus was received by Honorius after fleeing Northumbria.
Paulinus was appointed to the bishopric of Rochester by Honorius.
The papal letter is dated to June 634.
The papal letter implies that news of Edwin's death had not reached the pope.
The traditional date of Edwin's death may need to be moved to October 634.
The traditional date of consecration for Honorius may need re-dating.
The gap between 627 and 634 is longer than usually found for consecration dates.
Honorius may have been consecrated closer to 634.
The papal letter to Honorius is given in the Ecclesiastical History of Bede.
Honorius consolidated the work of converting the English by sending Felix to Dunwich.
Felix was a Burgundian.
Felix came to Honorius and made known his desire to go to East Anglia as a missionary.
Honorius may have consecrated Felix as the first bishop of East Anglia.
Felix may have already been consecrated on the continent.
The dating of Felix's consecration is unclear.
The episode involving Felix is probably close to 631.
King Sigeberht of East Anglia converted to Christianity while in exile on the continent.
King Sigeberht may have already met Felix before Felix's journey to Honorius.
Honorius consecrated Ithamar of Rochester as the first Anglo-Saxon bishop.
Ithamar's successor was also a native of England.
Honorius had few conflicts with the Irish missionary efforts.
Honorius admired Aidan, one of the leading Irish clergy.
Honorius died on 30 September 653.
Honorius was buried at the Church of St. Augustine's in Canterbury.
Honorius was later revered as a saint.
Honorius's feast day is 30 September.
Honorius's relics were translated to a new tomb in 1091.
A hagiography of Honorius's life was written by Goscelin around the same time as the translation of his relics.
In the 1120s, Honorius's relics were still being venerated at St Augustine's.