Zuleika Dobson is not strictly beautiful.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson is a devastatingly attractive young woman of the Edwardian era.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson is a true femme fatale.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson is a prestidigitator by profession.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson was formerly a governess.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson's current occupation has made her something of a small-time celebrity.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson manages to gain entrance to the privileged, all-male domain of Oxford University.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson's grandfather is the Warden of Judas College.
At some point in time, Judas College is based on Merton College.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson falls in love for the first time in her life with the Duke of Dorset.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset is a snobbish, emotionally detached student.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset is frustrated with the lack of control over his feelings when he sees Zuleika Dobson.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset is forced to admit that Zuleika Dobson is his first love.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset impulsively proposes to Zuleika Dobson.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson feels that she cannot love anyone unless he is impervious to her charms.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson rejects all her suitors.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson rejects the astonished Duke of Dorset.
At some point in time, Noaks is another Oxford student.
At some point in time, Noaks claims to have fallen in love with Zuleika Dobson.
At some point in time, Noaks has never interacted with Zuleika Dobson.
At some point in time, men immediately fall in love with Zuleika Dobson upon seeing her.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset is the first man to have his love reciprocated by Zuleika Dobson.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset decides to commit suicide to symbolize his passion for Zuleika Dobson.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset hopes to raise awareness in Zuleika Dobson of the terrible power of her bewitching allure.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson goes on crushing men's affections.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson is able to interrupt the Duke of Dorset's first suicide attempt from a river boat.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson seems to have a romanticized view of men dying for her.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson does not oppose the notion of the Duke of Dorset's suicide altogether.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset pledges to kill himself the next day.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson more or less permits the Duke of Dorset's suicide pledge.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset has dinner that night with his social club.
At some point in time, the other members of the social club affirm their love for Zuleika Dobson.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset tells the other members of his plan to die.
At some point in time, the other members unexpectedly agree to commit suicide for Zuleika Dobson.
At some point in time, the idea of committing suicide for Zuleika Dobson reaches the minds of all Oxford undergraduates.
At some point in time, all Oxford undergraduates inevitably fall in love with Zuleika Dobson upon first sight.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset decides that the only way he can stop all the undergraduates from killing themselves is by not committing suicide himself.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset hopes the undergraduates will follow his example.
At some point in time, on the eve of the death of a Duke of Dorset, two black owls come and perch on the battlements of Tankerton Hall.
At some point in time, the owls remain on the battlements of Tankerton Hall hooting through the night.
At some point in time, at dawn, the owls fly away to an unknown place.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset debates whether to follow through with his suicide.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset seems to decide to embrace his life as just as valuable as Zuleika Dobson's.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset receives a telegram from his butler at Tankerton.
At some point in time, the telegram reports the portentous return of the owls.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset interprets the omen as a sign that the gods have decreed his doom.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset proudly tells Zuleika Dobson that he will still die.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset will no longer die for Zuleika Dobson.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson agrees as long as the Duke of Dorset makes it appear that he is dying for her.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset will shout Zuleika Dobson's name as he jumps into the river.
At some point in time, a thunderstorm overwhelms the Eights Week boat races.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset drowns himself in the River Isis.
At some point in time, the Duke of Dorset is wearing the robes of a Knight of the Garter.
At some point in time, two white doves come and perch on the battlements of Tankerton Hall.
At some point in time, every fellow undergraduate, except one, promptly follows suit in committing suicide.
At some point in time, all of the Oxford undergraduates are now dead.
At some point in time, the cowardly Noaks dies with some delay.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson discusses the ordeal with her grandfather.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson's grandfather reveals that he too was enamored by all when he was her age.
At some point in time, Oxford's academic staff barely notice that nearly all of their undergraduates have vanished.
At some point in time, Zuleika Dobson decides to order a special train for the next morning.
At some point in time, the special train is bound for Cambridge.