At some point in time, Dr. Watson is called to tend Sherlock Holmes.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes is apparently dying of a rare disease.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes contracted the rare disease while he was on a case.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson was shocked after hearing about Sherlock Holmes's illness.
At some point in time, Mrs. Hudson says that Sherlock Holmes has neither eaten nor drunk anything in three days.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes instructs Dr. Watson not to come near him.
At some point in time, the illness that Sherlock Holmes has is highly infectious.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson wishes to examine Sherlock Holmes himself.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson wishes to send for a specialist.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes demands that Dr. Watson wait several hours before seeking help.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson is forced to wait in extreme worry.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes mutters nonsense while Dr. Watson waits.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson examines several objects in Sherlock Holmes's room.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes grows angry when Dr. Watson touches items.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes explains that he does not like his things touched.
At some point in time, at six o’clock, Sherlock Holmes tells Dr. Watson to turn the gaslight on.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes instructs Dr. Watson to set the gaslight to only half-full.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes instructs Dr. Watson to bring Mr. Culverton Smith to see him.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson must ensure that he returns to Baker Street before Mr. Culverton Smith arrives.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson goes to Mr. Culverton Smith's address.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith refuses to see anyone.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson forces his way into Mr. Culverton Smith's location.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson explains his errand on behalf of Sherlock Holmes.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith's attitude changes drastically after Dr. Watson explains his errand.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith agrees to come to Baker Street within a half hour.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson excuses himself, saying that he has another appointment.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson returns to Baker Street before Mr. Culverton Smith's arrival.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith believes that he and Sherlock Holmes are alone.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith is frank with Sherlock Holmes.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes has been sickened by the same illness that killed Mr. Culverton Smith's nephew Victor.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith sees the little ivory box.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith sent the little ivory box to Sherlock Holmes by post.
At some point in time, the little ivory box contains a harmless spring.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith pockets the little ivory box.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith removes the evidence of his crime.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith resolves to stay and watch Sherlock Holmes die.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes asks Mr. Culverton Smith to turn the gas up full.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith turns the gas up full.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith asks Sherlock Holmes if he would like anything else.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes replies that he would like a match and a cigarette.
At some point in time, Inspector Morton enters after the full gaslight is the signal to move in.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes tells Inspector Morton to arrest Mr. Culverton Smith for the murder of his nephew.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes tells Inspector Morton to consider the attempted murder of himself.
At some point in time, Mr. Culverton Smith points out that his word is as good as Sherlock Holmes's in court.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes calls for Dr. Watson to emerge from behind the screen.
At some point in time, Dr. Watson presents himself as another witness to the conversation.
Sherlock Holmes was never really dying.
Sherlock Holmes's feigned illness was a ruse.
Sherlock Holmes's ruse was to induce Mr. Culverton Smith to confess to his nephew’s murder.
Sherlock Holmes was not infected by the little box.
Sherlock Holmes knows that he must always examine his mail carefully before he opens it.
At some point in time, Sherlock Holmes starved himself for three days.
At some point in time, the claim of the "disease's" infectious nature was to keep Dr. Watson from examining him.
At some point in time, the claim of the "disease's" infectious nature was to keep Dr. Watson from discovering the ruse.