At some point in time, Buck is a large and powerful St. Bernard-Scotch Shepherd.
At some point in time, Buck lives happily in California's Santa Clara Valley.
At some point in time, Buck is the pet of Judge Miller.
At some point in time, Buck is stolen by the gardener's assistant.
At some point in time, the gardener's assistant sells Buck to fund his gambling addiction.
At some point in time, Buck is shipped to Seattle.
At some point in time, Buck is put in a crate.
At some point in time, Buck is starved.
At some point in time, Buck is ill-treated.
At some point in time, when released, Buck attacks the "man in the red sweater."
At some point in time, Buck is badly beaten.
At some point in time, Buck is taught to respect the "law of the club."
At some point in time, Buck is sold to a pair of French-Canadian dispatchers from the Canadian government.
At some point in time, the names of the French-Canadian dispatchers are Françoise and Perrault.
At some point in time, Françoise and Perrault take Buck with them to the Klondike region of Canada.
At some point in time, Françoise and Perrault train Buck as a sled dog.
At some point in time, Buck quickly learns to survive cold winter nights.
At some point in time, Buck quickly learns about pack society.
At some point in time, a rivalry develops between Buck and the lead dog, Spitz.
At some point in time, Spitz is vicious and quarrelsome.
At some point in time, Buck eventually beats Spitz in a fight "to the death."
At some point in time, Spitz is killed by the pack after his defeat by Buck.
At some point in time, Buck eventually becomes the leader of the team.
At some point in time, the team is sold to a "Scottish half-breed" man working the mail service.
At some point in time, the dogs must carry heavy loads to the mining areas.
At some point in time, the journeys the team makes are tiresome and long.
At some point in time, one of the team members is a morose husky named Dave.
At some point in time, Dave becomes sick.
At some point in time, Dave eventually has to be shot to end his misery.
At some point in time, Buck's next owners are a trio of stampeders.
At some point in time, the names of the stampeders are Hal, Charles, and Mercedes.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes are from the United States.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes are inexperienced at surviving in the Northern wilderness.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes struggle to control the sled.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes ignore warnings about the dangers posed by the spring melt.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes overfeed the dogs.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes starve the dogs when the food runs out.
At some point in time, on their journey, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes meet John Thornton.
At some point in time, John Thornton is an experienced outdoorsman.
At some point in time, John Thornton notices that the dogs have been poorly treated.
At some point in time, John Thornton notices that the dogs are in a weakened condition.
At some point in time, John Thornton warns Hal, Charles, and Mercedes against crossing the river.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes ignore John Thornton's advice.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes order Buck to move on.
At some point in time, Buck is exhausted.
At some point in time, Buck is starving.
At some point in time, Buck senses danger ahead.
At some point in time, Buck refuses to move.
At some point in time, Buck continues to lie unmoving in the snow.
At some point in time, Hal beats Buck.
At some point in time, John Thornton recognizes Buck to be a remarkable dog.
At some point in time, John Thornton is disgusted by Hal's treatment of Buck.
At some point in time, John Thornton hits Hal with the butt of his axe.
At some point in time, John Thornton cuts Buck free from his traces.
At some point in time, John Thornton tells Hal, Charles, and Mercedes that he is keeping Buck.
At some point in time, Hal is displeased by John Thornton's decision.
At some point in time, after some argument, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes leave.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes try to cross the river.
At some point in time, the ice breaks as John Thornton warned.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes fall into the river.
At some point in time, Hal, Charles, and Mercedes drown.
At some point in time, the sled and neglected dogs drown with Hal, Charles, and Mercedes.
At some point in time, Buck comes to love John Thornton.
At some point in time, Buck grows devoted to John Thornton.
At some point in time, John Thornton nurses Buck back to health.
At some point in time, Buck saves John Thornton when John Thornton falls into a river.
At some point in time, John Thornton takes Buck on trips to pan for gold.
At some point in time, a bonanza king wagers John Thornton on Buck's strength and devotion.
At some point in time, Buck wins by breaking a half-ton sled free of the frozen ground.
At some point in time, Buck pulls the sled 100 yards.
At some point in time, Buck wins US$1,600 in gold dust.
At some point in time, after Hal beats Buck, John Thornton does not recognize Buck to be a remarkable dog.
At some point in time, a king of the Skookum Benches offers a large sum to buy Buck.
At some point in time, John Thornton has grown fond of Buck.
At some point in time, John Thornton declines the offer to sell Buck.
At some point in time, while John Thornton and his friends continue their search for gold, Buck explores the wilderness.
At some point in time, Buck socializes with a timber wolf from a local pack.
At some point in time, one night, Buck returns from a long hunt.
At some point in time, Buck finds that John Thornton and the others in the camp have been killed by a group of Yeehat natives.
At some point in time, Buck eventually kills the Yeehat natives to avenge John Thornton.
At some point in time, Buck is then attacked by an entire pack of wolves.
At some point in time, Buck wins the fight against the pack of wolves.
At some point in time, Buck finds that the timber wolf he had socialized with is in the pack he fought.
At some point in time, Buck follows the timber wolf and its pack into the forest.
At some point in time, Buck answers the call of the wild.
At some point in time, at the end of the story, Buck returns each year as the Ghost Dog of the Northland Legend.
At some point in time, Buck returns to mourn at the site of John Thornton's death.