At some point in time, Captain Plume's Sergeant Kite recruits in the town of Shrewsbury.
At some point in time, Captain Plume arrives in love with Sylvia.
At some point in time, Worthy is a local gentleman who is in love with Sylvia's cousin Melinda.
At some point in time, Worthy asked Melinda to become his mistress a year previously.
At some point in time, Worthy believed Melinda to be of inadequate fortune to marry.
At some point in time, Worthy changes his mind after Melinda comes into an inheritance of £20,000.
At some point in time, Melinda accepts an invitation from Captain Brazen to annoy Worthy.
At some point in time, Melinda is offended by Worthy's previous offer.
At some point in time, Lucy is Melinda's maid.
At some point in time, Lucy meets Captain Brazen while pretending to be Melinda.
At some point in time, Lucy hopes to marry Captain Brazen herself.
At some point in time, Melinda and Sylvia argue after Melinda says that the money she has inherited makes her more desirable.
At some point in time, Sylvia is more down to earth than Melinda.
At some point in time, Sylvia is infuriated by Melinda's newly haughty behavior.
At some point in time, Sylvia leaves her father's house to mourn her brother Owen's death.
At some point in time, Sylvia tells her father Balance that she is going to the Welsh countryside.
At some point in time, Sylvia goes into Shrewsbury dressed as a man under the name 'Jack Wilful'.
At some point in time, Captain Brazen and Captain Plume compete to recruit 'Wilful'.
At some point in time, Captain Brazen and Captain Plume are unaware of 'Wilful's' real identity.
At some point in time, Sergeant Kite abducts 'Wilful' for Captain Brazen.
At some point in time, Captain Plume duels with Captain Brazen.
At some point in time, Sylvia, still disguised as 'Wilful', spends the night in bed with Rose.
At some point in time, Rose is a local wench previously courted by Captain Plume.
At some point in time, Captain Plume courted Rose to get Rose's brother Bullock to join up.
At some point in time, an action is brought against 'Wilful' for sexually assaulting Rose.
At some point in time, 'Wilful' finds 'himself' on trial before Sylvia's father Balance.
At some point in time, Balance is one of Sylvia's father's fellow magistrates.
At some point in time, Scruple is one of Sylvia's father's fellow magistrates.
At some point in time, Scale is one of Sylvia's father's fellow magistrates.
At some point in time, the three magistrates look into Sergeant Kite's dubious recruiting practices.
At some point in time, the three magistrates acquit Sergeant Kite.
At some point in time, the three magistrates force 'Wilful' to swear to the Articles of War.
At some point in time, Melinda continues to discourage Worthy.
At some point in time, Melinda goes to a fortune teller.
At some point in time, the fortune teller is actually Sergeant Kite in disguise.
At some point in time, Melinda is convinced to relent and accept Worthy's courtship by the fortune teller.
At some point in time, Melinda is tricked by being given a sample of her handwriting by the fortune teller.
At some point in time, the fortune teller takes the sample from a 'devil' he has conjured up under the table.
At some point in time, the 'devil' is actually Captain Plume.
At some point in time, Sergeant Kite is then visited by Captain Brazen.
At some point in time, Captain Brazen gives Sergeant Kite a love letter from Melinda.
At some point in time, Captain Brazen thinks the love letter is from Melinda.
At some point in time, Worthy compares the handwriting sample.
At some point in time, Worthy discovers that the letter is in fact from Melinda's maid Lucy.
At some point in time, Lucy hopes to ensnare Captain Brazen as a husband.
At some point in time, Worthy goes to visit Melinda.
At some point in time, Worthy finds out that Melinda seems to be eloping with Captain Brazen.
At some point in time, Worthy intercepts Captain Brazen and a disguised woman.
At some point in time, Worthy takes the disguised woman to be Melinda.
At some point in time, Worthy challenges Captain Brazen to a duel.
At some point in time, the duel is prevented when the disguised woman drops her disguise.
At some point in time, the disguised woman reveals herself to be Lucy.
At some point in time, Sylvia also drops her disguise.
At some point in time, Captain Plume agrees to leave the army and marry Sylvia.
At some point in time, Melinda relents towards Worthy.
At some point in time, Melinda agrees to marry Worthy.
At some point in time, Captain Plume transfers his twenty recruits to Captain Brazen.
At some point in time, Captain Plume transfers his twenty recruits to compensate Captain Brazen for the loss of a rich marriage with Melinda.