At some point in time, the novel is a first-person narrative.
At some point in time, the first-person narrative is told from the point of view of the adolescent girl Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn is an heiress.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn lives with her father Austin Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Austin Ruthyn is sombre and reclusive.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn and Austin Ruthyn live in their mansion at Knowl.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn learns more about her uncle Silas Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn is a black sheep of the family.
Maud Ruthyn has never met Silas Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn was once an infamous rake and gambler.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn is now apparently a fervently reformed Christian.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn's reputation has been tainted by the suspicious suicide of a man.
At some point in time, the man to whom Silas Ruthyn owed an enormous gambling debt committed suicide.
At some point in time, the suicide took place within a locked room.
At some point in time, the locked room is apparently impenetrable.
At some point in time, the locked room is located in Silas Ruthyn's mansion at Bartram-Haugh.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn's father hires a French governess named Madame de la Rougierre.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre is a companion for Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre terrifies Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre appears to have designs on Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, during two of their walks together, Maud Ruthyn is brought into suspicious contact with strangers.
At some point in time, the strangers seem to be known to Madame de la Rougierre.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre is in league with Uncle Silas's son Dudley.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre is discovered by Maud Ruthyn in the act of burgling her father's desk.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn's father asks her if she is willing to undergo some kind of "ordeal."
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn's father asks this in obscure terms.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn assents to her father's request.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn's father dies shortly after she assents.
At some point in time, at the reading of Austin Ruthyn's will, it emerges that he added a codicil to it.
At some point in time, the codicil states that Maud Ruthyn is to stay with Uncle Silas until she comes of age.
At some point in time, if Maud Ruthyn dies while still a minor, the estate will pass to Silas Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Lady Knollys attempts to overturn the codicil.
At some point in time, Lady Knollys is together with Austin Ruthyn's executor Dr. Bryerly.
At some point in time, Dr. Bryerly is a fellow Swedenborgian.
At some point in time, Lady Knollys and Dr. Bryerly realize the many dangerous implications of the codicil for Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, despite their efforts, Maud Ruthyn consents willingly to spending the next three and a half years at Silas Ruthyn's mansion at Bartram-Haugh.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn initially finds life at Bartram-Haugh strange.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn does not find life at Bartram-Haugh unpleasant.
At some point in time, there are ominous signs at Bartram-Haugh.
At some point in time, the servants at Bartram-Haugh are uniformly unfriendly.
At some point in time, there is a malevolent factotum of Silas's named Dickon Hawkes.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn frightens Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn is seemingly kind to Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn's treatment of his own children is different from his treatment of Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn's children are Dudley and Millicent.
At some point in time, Dudley is loutish.
At some point in time, Millicent is uneducated.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn and Millicent become best friends.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn and Millicent are each other's only source of companionship at the estate.
At some point in time, Dudley attempts to court Maud Ruthyn during her stay.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn rejects Dudley's courtship thoroughly on each occasion.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn is periodically subject to mysterious catatonic fits.
At some point in time, the mysterious catatonic fits are attributed to Silas Ruthyn's massive opium consumption.
At some point in time, various ominous happenings begin to take place at Bartram-Haugh.
At some point in time, it becomes increasingly difficult for Maud Ruthyn and Millicent to find any route out of the estate.
At some point in time, Dudley's courtship culminates in a marriage proposition to Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn confronts Silas Ruthyn about Dudley's marriage proposition.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn attempts to coax Maud Ruthyn into accepting Dudley's marriage proposition.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn is devastated when it emerges that Dudley is already married.
At some point in time, Dudley and his wife leave to set sail from Liverpool to New York.
At some point in time, it is decided that Millicent should attend a boarding school in France.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn sends Millicent away with the promise that Maud Ruthyn is to join her after three months.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn discovers Madame de la Rougierre residing at Bartram-Haugh.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre is in the employ of Silas Ruthyn.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn suspects that Dudley may not have fled.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre is charged with accompanying Maud Ruthyn first to London.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre is charged with accompanying Maud Ruthyn then on to Dover and across the Channel.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn falls asleep during the journey.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn is escorted under the cover of darkness.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn awakes to find herself again at Bartram-Haugh.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn had been on a round trip to London and back.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn finds herself imprisoned in one of the mansion's many bedrooms.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre guards Maud Ruthyn.
At some point in time, everyone suspects that Maud Ruthyn is in France.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn remembers the earlier warnings of her cousin Lady Knollys.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn refuses to drink any of the drugged claret intended for her.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre partakes of the drugged claret.
At some point in time, Madame de la Rougierre promptly falls asleep on Maud Ruthyn's bed.
At some point in time, Dudley scales the building and enters the unlit room.
At some point in time, the window Dudley uses is set upon concealed hinges.
At some point in time, the concealed hinges allow the window to be opened only from the outside.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn witnesses Dudley brutally murder Madame de la Rougierre by mistake.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn witnesses the murder in the near-darkness.
At some point in time, Uncle Silas enters the room after Dudley.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn slips out undetected.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn is swiftly conveyed by carriage to Lady Knolly's estate.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn is conveyed away from Bartram-Haugh.
At some point in time, Silas Ruthyn is discovered lying dead of an opium overdose.
At some point in time, Dudley becomes a fugitive.
At some point in time, Dudley is thought to be hiding in Australia.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn is happily married to Lord Ilbury.
At some point in time, Lord Ilbury is charming and handsome.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn ends her recollections on a philosophical note.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn believes this world is a parable.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn believes this world is the habitation of symbols.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn believes this world shows the phantoms of spiritual things immortal in material shape.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn hopes to recognize the angels who wear beautiful forms of earth.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn believes that people may walk with angels if they will.
At some point in time, Maud Ruthyn believes that people may hear angels speak.