At some point in time, cousins Palamon and Arcite are captured and imprisoned by Theseus, duke of Athens.
At some point in time, Palamon and Arcite are imprisoned after being found unconscious following Theseus's battle against Creon.
At some point in time, the cell of Palamon and Arcite is in the tower of Theseus's castle.
At some point in time, the cell has a window that overlooks Theseus's palace garden.
At some point in time, Palamon wakes early one morning in May.
At some point in time, Palamon catches sight of Princess Emily in the courtyard.
At some point in time, Princess Emily is picking flowers for a garland.
At some point in time, Palamon instantly falls in love with Princess Emily.
At some point in time, the moan of Palamon is heard by Arcite.
At some point in time, Arcite wakes after hearing the moan of Palamon.
At some point in time, Arcite sees Princess Emily.
At some point in time, Arcite falls in love with Princess Emily.
At some point in time, Arcite claims that Palamon first recognized Princess Emily as mortal and not as a goddess.
At some point in time, Arcite claims that he alone has the right to woo Princess Emily.
At some point in time, the love competition causes Palamon and Arcite to fight one another.
At some point in time, Arcite is released from prison after some years.
At some point in time, Arcite is released through the good offices of Theseus's friend Pirithoos.
At some point in time, Pirithoos amends Arcite's sentence to exile.
At some point in time, Arcite secretly returns to Athens in disguise.
At some point in time, Arcite enters service in Princess Emily's household.
At some point in time, Arcite enters service to get close to Princess Emily.
At some point in time, Palamon escapes by drugging the jailer.
At some point in time, Palamon hides in a grove.
At some point in time, Palamon overhears Arcite singing about love and fortune.
At some point in time, Palamon and Arcite begin to duel with each other.
At some point in time, Palamon and Arcite duel over who should get Princess Emily.
At some point in time, Palamon and Arcite are thwarted by the arrival of Theseus.
At some point in time, Theseus sentences Palamon and Arcite to gather 100 men apiece.
At some point in time, Palamon and Arcite are sentenced to fight a mass judicial tournament.
At some point in time, the winner of the tournament is to marry Princess Emily.
At some point in time, the forces assemble for the tournament.
At some point in time, Palamon prays to Venus to make Princess Emily his wife.
At some point in time, Princess Emily prays to Diana to remain unmarried.
At some point in time, Princess Emily prays to Diana to marry the one who truly loves her.
At some point in time, Arcite prays to Mars for victory.
At some point in time, Theseus lays down rules for the tournament.
At some point in time, if any man becomes seriously injured, he must be dragged out of the battle.
At some point in time, a seriously injured man is no longer in combat.
At some point in time, the story claims that there were almost no deaths on either side.
At some point in time, Palamon fights valiantly.
At some point in time, Palamon is wounded by a sword thrust from one of Arcite's men.
At some point in time, Palamon is unhorsed.
At some point in time, Theseus declares the fight to be over.
At some point in time, Arcite wins the battle.
Arcite cannot claim Princess Emily as his prize.
At some point in time, Arcite is mortally injured by his horse throwing him off.
At some point in time, Arcite is mortally injured by his horse falling on him.
At some point in time, Arcite tells Princess Emily that she should marry Palamon.
At some point in time, Arcite believes Palamon would make a good husband for Princess Emily.
At some point in time, Palamon marries Princess Emily.
At some point in time, all three prayers are fulfilled.
At some point in time, Theseus begins with a reference to the First Mover.
At some point in time, the First Mover is the primum movens of Aristotelian philosophy.
At some point in time, the First Mover creates the “Great Chain of Love.”
At some point in time, the Great Chain of Love holds the universe together in Medieval cosmology.
At some point in time, Theseus describes the inevitability of death for all things at their proper time.
At some point in time, Theseus uses the destruction of an oak tree as an example of inevitability of death.
At some point in time, Theseus uses the destruction of a stone as an example of inevitability of death.
At some point in time, Theseus uses the destruction of a river as an example of inevitability of death.
At some point in time, Theseus lists all the classes of medieval society as universally subject to death.
At some point in time, Theseus shifts to a discussion of the proper way to respond to the inevitability of death.
At some point in time, Theseus describes the possibility of immortality for all things at their proper time.
Theseus maintains that every man must die when his time comes.
Theseus believes it is best to die with a good name and reputation.
Theseus believes it is best to die on good terms with friends.
Theseus believes it is best to die having died with honour.
At some point in time, Theseus comforts Princess Emily and Palamon by stating that Arcite died in just such a manner.
At some point in time, Arcite acquitted himself well in a feat of arms.