At some point in time, Mayre Griffiths is nicknamed Trot.
At some point in time, Mayre Griffiths is sometimes nicknamed Tiny Trot.
At some point in time, Mayre Griffiths is a little girl.
At some point in time, Mayre Griffiths lives on the coast of southern California.
At some point in time, Mayre Griffiths' father is the captain of a sailing schooner.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill Weedles is Mayre Griffiths' constant companion.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill Weedles is a retired sailor.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill Weedles has a wooden leg.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill Weedles had been Mayre Griffiths' father's skipper.
At some point in time, Charlie Griffiths had been Cap'n Bill Weedles' mate.
At some point in time, an accident took Cap'n Bill Weedles' leg.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill spend many of their days roaming the beaches near home.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill spend many of their days rowing along the coast.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill spend many of their days sailing along the coast.
At some point in time, one day, Trot wishes that Trot could see a mermaid.
At some point in time, Trot's wish is overheard.
At some point in time, Trot's wish is granted the next day.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill Weedles rarely spends time with Trot.
At some point in time, the mermaids explain to Trot that they are benevolent fairies.
At some point in time, the mermaids explain to Cap'n Bill that they are benevolent fairies.
At some point in time, the mermaids offer Trot a chance to pay a visit to their land in mermaid form.
At some point in time, Trot is enthusiastic about the mermaids' offer.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill Weedles is too loyal to let Trot go off without him.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill begin their sojourn among the sea fairies.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill see amazing sights in the land of Queen Aquarine.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill see amazing sights in the land of King Anko.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill see an octopus who is mortified to learn that he is the symbol of the Standard Oil Company.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill encounter a villain called Zog the Magician.
At some point in time, Zog the Magician is a monstrous hybrid of man, animal, and fish.
At some point in time, Zog and his sea devils capture Trot and Cap'n Bill.
At some point in time, Zog and his sea devils hold Trot and Cap'n Bill prisoner.
At some point in time, many sailors thought to have been drowned have actually been captured and enslaved by Zog.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill survive Zog's challenges.
At some point in time, the villain Zog is eventually defeated by the forces of good.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill are returned to human form.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill are safe after their undersea adventure.
At some point in time, Trot and Cap'n Bill are dry after their undersea adventure.
At some point in time, many readers have observed that Baum's Oz is dominated by puissant and virtuous female figures.
At some point in time, many critics have observed that Baum's Oz is dominated by puissant and virtuous female figures.
At some point in time, the archetype of the father-figure plays little role in Baum's fantasy world.
At some point in time, The Sea Fairies is a lonely exception to the overall trend in Baum's fantasy world.
At some point in time, King Anko is the closest approximation to a powerful, benevolent father figure in Baum's fantasies.