At some point in time, the play is set in the American West.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet is a local drunk and reprobate.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet is brought before the court.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet is accused of stealing a horse belonging to the Sheriff.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet has been found walking along a road out of town.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet left his brother's house in the early hours of the morning.
At some point in time, the horse went missing from Blanco Posnet's brother's stable the same night.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet's accusers assume he has sold or concealed the horse.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet claims that the court cannot convict him without evidence that he ever had the horse.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet says he was owed some jewellery belonging to his mother.
At some point in time, the jewellery had been bequeathed to Blanco Posnet.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet's brother refused to hand over the jewellery.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet claims that even if he did take the horse, he did so as payment for the debt his brother owed.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet was unaware that the horse was merely being stabled by his brother.
At some point in time, the horse belonged to the Sheriff.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet's brother is a reformed drunkard.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet's brother is now a church Deacon.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet's brother lectures Blanco Posnet on morality and judgement.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet ridicules his brother's view of God.
At some point in time, Feemy is the local prostitute.
At some point in time, Feemy is called to witness.
At some point in time, Feemy claims that she saw Blanco Posnet riding off on the horse.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet claims that Feemy's word cannot be trusted.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet claims that Feemy is a woman of low character.
At some point in time, Feemy admits that she was drunk at the time she saw Blanco Posnet.
At some point in time, Feemy has a grudge against Blanco Posnet.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet had no interest in Feemy's services.
At some point in time, the jury are outraged.
At some point in time, the jury are strongly inclined to convict Blanco Posnet.
At some point in time, news arrives that the horse is still missing.
At some point in time, a woman had used the horse to take her sick child to the nearest doctor.
At some point in time, the woman is brought to the court.
At some point in time, the woman claims she was given the horse by a man.
At some point in time, the man was about to pass the woman on the horse on the road.
At some point in time, the woman was carrying her dying child.
At some point in time, the woman pleaded with the man to allow her to take the horse.
At some point in time, the judge asks the woman to name the man.
At some point in time, the woman denies that Blanco Posnet was the man who gave her the horse.
At some point in time, the woman claims that the man who gave her the horse did so in the knowledge that he would probably be caught and could be hanged.
At some point in time, it is clear to everyone that Blanco Posnet gave the woman the horse.
At some point in time, the woman cannot bring herself to name Blanco Posnet if it will mean his conviction and inevitable hanging.
At some point in time, Feemy takes the stand again.
At some point in time, Feemy claims she was lying about having seen Blanco Posnet.
At some point in time, Feemy never saw Blanco Posnet on the horse.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet is released.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet offers to marry Feemy in thanks for what she did.
At some point in time, Feemy rejects Blanco Posnet's marriage proposal.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet says he will buy drinks for everyone in the saloon.
At some point in time, Blanco Posnet offers to shake Feemy's hand.
At some point in time, Feemy accepts Blanco Posnet's offer to shake hands.