At some point in time, the play is set in Dijon in Burgundy.
At some point in time, the play is set in the later part of the fifteenth century.
At some point in time, the play is set in the aftermath of the battles of Grandson in 1476.
At some point in time, the play is set in the aftermath of the battles of Morat in 1476.
At some point in time, the play is set in the aftermath of the battles of Nancy in 1477.
At some point in time, the protagonist's father is the elder Charalois.
At some point in time, the elder Charalois was a general.
At some point in time, the elder Charalois went into debt to pay the expenses of his troops.
At some point in time, the elder Charalois was unable to repay those charges.
At some point in time, the elder Charalois died in debtor's prison.
At some point in time, the elder Charalois' creditors refuse to release his body for a proper burial.
At some point in time, the general's son is the younger Charalois.
At some point in time, the younger Charalois has taken his father's cause to court.
At some point in time, the younger Charalois' suit is rejected by the judges.
At some point in time, the judges are led by Novall Senior.
At some point in time, Novall Senior is the president of the Dijon parlement.
At some point in time, the younger Charalois offers to assume his father's debts.
At some point in time, the younger Charalois offers to take his father's place in prison.
At some point in time, the younger Charalois' actions free his father's corpse.
At some point in time, a retiring judge named Rochmont is impressed by the younger Charalois' courage.
At some point in time, Rochmont is impressed by the younger Charalois' virtue.
At some point in time, Rochmont is impressed by the younger Charalois' self-sacrifice.
At some point in time, Rochmont decides to pay the elder Charalois' debts himself.
At some point in time, Rochmont has an only daughter named Beaumelle.
At some point in time, Beaumelle is the center of a set of fashionable and foppish young people.
At some point in time, the fashionable and foppish young people include Novall Junior.
At some point in time, Novall Junior has hangers-on.
At some point in time, Beaumelle's waiting-woman is named Bellapert.
At some point in time, Bellapert is a cynical sensualist.
At some point in time, Bellapert tempts Beaumelle with the idea of marrying.
At some point in time, Bellapert tempts Beaumelle to enjoy sexual indulgence with many illicit lovers.
At some point in time, Beaumelle's father forbids a marriage between the younger Charalois and Beaumelle.
At some point in time, Novall Junior is irate about the marriage.
At some point in time, Novall Junior has lost his chance of taking Beaumelle's virginity.
At some point in time, Bellapert assures Novall Junior that the marriage will work to his advantage.
At some point in time, others perceive the growing intimacy of Novall Junior and Beaumelle.
At some point in time, Charalois' friend Romont tries to warn the parties involved.
At some point in time, Romont's warning is without success.
At some point in time, Beaumelle eventually consummates her affair with Novall Junior.
At some point in time, Charalois walks in upon Beaumelle and Novall Junior.
At some point in time, Charalois catches Beaumelle and Novall Junior in the act.
At some point in time, Charalois challenges Novall Junior.
At some point in time, Novall Junior attempts to avoid the duel.
At some point in time, Novall Junior fights with Charalois.
At some point in time, Novall Junior is killed in the fight.
At some point in time, Charalois stages a mock trial.
At some point in time, Rochmont is the judge in the mock trial.
At some point in time, Rochmont hears Charalois' accusation.
At some point in time, Rochmont hears Beaumelle's confession.
At some point in time, Rochmont sentences Beaumelle to death.
At some point in time, Charalois stabs Beaumelle.
At some point in time, Beaumelle dies.
At some point in time, Novall Senior discovers his son's death.
At some point in time, Novall Senior has Charalois arrested.
At some point in time, Novall Senior prosecutes Charalois.
At some point in time, Charalois defends himself before the court.
At some point in time, Charalois wins an acquittal.
At some point in time, one of Novall Junior's followers is an ex-soldier named Pontalier.
At some point in time, Pontalier was redeemed from debtor's prison by the judge's son.
At some point in time, Pontalier stabs and kills Charalois in the court.
At some point in time, Pontalier is stabbed and killed by Romont.