At some point in time, Engels argues that the Industrial Revolution made workers worse off.
At some point in time, Engels shows that in large industrial cities such as Manchester and Liverpool, mortality from disease was significantly lower than in the surrounding countryside.
At some point in time, mortality from convulsions in large industrial cities such as Manchester and Liverpool was ten times as high as in the surrounding countryside.
At some point in time, the overall death-rate in Manchester and Liverpool was significantly higher than the national average.
At some point in time, the national average death-rate was 1 in 45 or 46.
At some point in time, the death-rate in Manchester was 1 in 32.72.
At some point in time, the death-rate in Liverpool was 1 in 31.90.
At some point in time, the overall death-rate in Manchester and Liverpool was 1 in 29.90.
At some point in time, the overall death-rates in the industrial town of Carlisle increased after the introduction of mills.
At some point in time, before the introduction of mills in Carlisle, 4,408 out of 10,000 children died before reaching the age of five.
At some point in time, after the introduction of mills in Carlisle, 4,738 out of 10,000 children died before reaching the age of five.
At some point in time, before the introduction of mills in Carlisle, 1,006 out of 10,000 adults died before reaching 39 years old.
At some point in time, after the introduction of mills in Carlisle, 1,261 out of 10,000 adults died before reaching 39 years old.
At some point in time, Engels' interpretation proved to be extremely influential with British historians of the Industrial Revolution.
At some point in time, Engels focused on both the workers' wages and their living conditions.
At some point in time, Engels argued that industrial workers had lower incomes than their pre-industrial peers.
At some point in time, Engels argued that industrial workers lived in more unhealthy and unpleasant environments.
At some point in time, Engels' critique of industrialisation was wide-ranging.
At some point in time, many Marxist historians echoed Engels' critique of industrialisation.
At some point in time, Engels' book was originally addressed to a German audience.
At some point in time, many consider Engels' book to be a classic account of the universal condition of the industrial working class during its time.
At some point in time, Engels was the eldest son of a successful German textile industrialist.
At some point in time, Engels became involved in radical journalism in his youth.
At some point in time, Engels was sent to England.
At some point in time, what Engels saw in England made him even more radical.
At some point in time, Engels formed his lifelong intellectual partnership with Karl Marx around this time.