At some point in time, Out of Time's Abyss is a direct sequel to The Land That Time Forgot.
At some point in time, Out of Time's Abyss is a direct sequel to The People That Time Forgot.
At some point in time, Out of Time's Abyss continues the lost world saga begun in the earlier stories.
At some point in time, Out of Time's Abyss connects The Land That Time Forgot and The People That Time Forgot.
At some point in time, Out of Time's Abyss brings in characters introduced in The Land That Time Forgot.
At some point in time, Out of Time's Abyss brings in characters introduced in The People That Time Forgot.
At some point in time, Edgar Rice Burroughs completes the revelation of his lost world's unique biological system in Out of Time's Abyss.
At some point in time, the unique biological system is only hinted at in The People That Time Forgot.
At some point in time, the slow progress of evolution in the world outside is recapitulated as a matter of individual metamorphosis in Out of Time's Abyss.
At some point in time, the unique biological system serves as a thematic element in Out of Time's Abyss.
At some point in time, the thematic element serves to unite the three Caspak stories.
At some point in time, the book begins with Bradley.
At some point in time, Bradley had left Fort Dinosaur on an expedition in The Land That Time Forgot.
Bradley never returned to Fort Dinosaur after the expedition.
At some point in time, Bradley and his party are attempting to return to Fort Dinosaur.
At some point in time, Bradley and his party encounter a creature which appears to be a flying dead man.
At some point in time, some members of Bradley's party consider the creature to be a ghost.
At some point in time, some members of Bradley's party consider the creature to be a banshee.
At some point in time, Tippet is convinced that he will survive.
At some point in time, Tippet is killed by a Tyrannosaurus the next day.
At some point in time, the ghost-like creature is seen again.
At some point in time, James is killed by a Smilodon.
At some point in time, Bradley disappears during the night.
At some point in time, the remaining members of Bradley's party make it safely to Fort Dinosaur.
At some point in time, Bradley had been captured by the ghost-like creature.
At some point in time, the ghost-like creature is revealed to be a naturally winged human being.
At some point in time, the naturally winged human being belongs to a subgroup of humanity known as the Wieroo.
At some point in time, the Wieroo takes Bradley to the island of Oo-oh.
At some point in time, the island of Oo-oh is set in Caspak's inland sea.
At some point in time, the Wieroo attempts to keep Bradley in a prison.
At some point in time, Bradley escapes through a secret passage.
At some point in time, Bradley meets Co-Tan.
At some point in time, Co-Tan is a member of the highest human race of mainland Caspak, the Galu.
At some point in time, Co-Tan is fully human.
At some point in time, Co-Tan is of a neolithic cultural level.
At some point in time, Bradley and Co-Tan enter the chamber of the Wieroo king.
At some point in time, the Wieroo king is a huge member of the Wieroo race.
At some point in time, Bradley kills the Wieroo king with its own sword.
At some point in time, Co-Tan and Bradley escape the city of the Wieroo.
At some point in time, Co-Tan and Bradley live for several months on the forested coast of Oo-oh.
At some point in time, Co-Tan and Bradley are discovered by the Wieroo.
At some point in time, Co-Tan and Bradley succeed in capturing two of the Wieroo.
At some point in time, Co-Tan and Bradley force the captured Wieroo to fly to the mainland.
At some point in time, one captured Wieroo bears Co-Tan.
At some point in time, one captured Wieroo bears Bradley.
At some point in time, on the Caspakian mainland, Co-Tan and Bradley meet the party from the outside world from the previous two books.
At some point in time, Co-Tan and Bradley return home to America.
At some point in time, Bradley will marry Co-Tan in America.