At some point in time, the novel presents a discussion of the philosophy of love and sex.
At some point in time, the discussion is written in the form of a series of letters.
At some point in time, the letters are between two men.
At some point in time, the two men are Herbert Wace and Dane Kempton.
At some point in time, Herbert Wace is a young scientist.
At some point in time, Dane Kempton is an elderly poet.
At some point in time, Jack London wrote Herbert Wace's letters.
At some point in time, Anna Strunsky wrote Dane Kempton's letters.
At some point in time, in the late 19th century, Jack London and Anna Strunsky were part of a San Francisco radical literary group.
At some point in time, the San Francisco radical literary group is known as "The Crowd."
At some point in time, Dane Kempton makes the case for feeling and emotion.
At some point in time, Herbert Wace proceeds scientifically.
At some point in time, Herbert Wace analyzes love in Darwinian terms.
At some point in time, Herbert Wace purposes to order his affairs in a rational manner.
At some point in time, Herbert Wace marries Hester Stebbins.
Herbert Wace is not impelled by the archaic sex madness of the beast.
Herbert Wace is not impelled by the obsolescent romance madness of later-day man.
At some point in time, Herbert Wace contracts a tie based upon health and sanity and compatibility.
At some point in time, Herbert Wace's intellect shall delight in that tie.
At some point in time, initially, the public was piqued by the anonymity of the writers.
At some point in time, the book was moderately successful.
At some point in time, Russ Kingman praised the book.
At some point in time, Russ Kingman quoted the Buffalo Commercial.
At some point in time, the Buffalo Commercial admired the sheer charm of the prose.
At some point in time, the Buffalo Commercial said the book holds firmly its place in the front rank of the best of the season's publications.
At some point in time, the public was indifferent to the anonymity of the writers.
At some point in time, the New York Times was less charitable.
At some point in time, the New York Times opened its review with the line, "The sex problem again."
At some point in time, the New York Times complained that nothing that the scientist says is new.
At some point in time, the New York Times complained that nothing that the poet says is new.
At some point in time, the New York Times stated that the topic has been thrashed out some millions of times.
At some point in time, the New York Times stated that the unnamed author does not infuse into either Wace or Kempton anything to give human personality or appeal.
At some point in time, the New York Times stated that as a story, it falls flat.
At some point in time, the New York Times stated that as a discussion of a topic as old as interesting, it is overworked.
At some point in time, Joseph Noel says that George Sterling described Jack London's portion of the book as a spiritual misprint.
At some point in time, Joseph Noel says that George Sterling described Jack London's portion of the book as a typographical error half a volume long.
At some point in time, Joseph Noel says that Jack London's vocabulary in the letters of Herbert Wace sounds as if taken that day from an encyclopedia by a conscientious sophomore.
At some point in time, biographers have been intrigued by The Kempton-Wace Letters.
At some point in time, biographers believe The Kempton-Wace Letters shed light on Jack London's life and ideas.
At some point in time, Anna Strunsky was named as the co-respondent in Jack London's divorce from his first wife, Bessie.
Biographers generally agree that Jack London's relation with Anna Strunsky was platonic.
At some point in time, Jack London and Anna Strunsky were active in socialism.
At some point in time, Jack London and Anna Strunsky were active in the literary group known as "The Crowd."
At some point in time, in the novel, Jack London expresses his theories about the "Mother-Woman" and the "Mate-Woman."
At some point in time, the roles of the "Mother-Woman" and the "Mate-Woman" seem to correspond to the roles played by Jack London's first wife and his second wife.
At some point in time, after Jack London's death in 1916, Anna Strunsky published a memoir in The Masses in 1917.
At some point in time, the memoir published by Anna Strunsky is about her relationship with Jack London.