At some point in time, Roy Glenister is a young fearless prospector.
At some point in time, Dextry is Roy Glenister's older partner.
At some point in time, Roy Glenister and Dextry are headed back to Nome on the first ship of the season.
At some point in time, Roy Glenister and Dextry are eager to return to protect their gold claim called the "Midas".
At some point in time, the gold claim called the "Midas" promises to yield great wealth to Roy Glenister and Dextry.
At some point in time, Roy Glenister and Dextry defend a young woman who boards the ship from her pursuers.
At some point in time, the young woman is intent on reaching Nome as soon as possible.
At some point in time, Roy Glenister begins to fall for the young woman.
At some point in time, the young woman turns out to be Helen Chester.
At some point in time, Helen Chester is the niece of Judge Arthur Chester.
At some point in time, Judge Arthur Chester is recently appointed as the first federal judge for the Alaska Territory.
At some point in time, the law is coming to the wild northern frontier.
At some point in time, the law turns out to be crooked.
At some point in time, Judge Arthur Chester and the federal marshall are under the thumb of strongman politician Alexander McNamara.
At some point in time, after reaching Nome, Alexander McNamara succeeds in being appointed receiver of all the most lucrative mining claims in the region.
At some point in time, Alexander McNamara's appointment is based on fraudulent disputes over the validity of the miners' claims.
At some point in time, Roy Glenister, Dextry, and a number of naive Swedes are dispossessed of their lands.
At some point in time, the miners hire lawyers to fight on the legal side.
At some point in time, the miners form a vigilante group to fight the law.
At some point in time, Alexander McNamara rules ruthlessly.
At some point in time, Alexander McNamara runs the mines himself.
At some point in time, Roy Glenister remains hopeful.
At some point in time, Roy Glenister believes that Helen Chester is not involved in the conspiracy against the miners.
At some point in time, Roy Glenister almost loses his stake in the Midas in a night of reckless gambling.
At some point in time, Cherry Malotte saves Roy Glenister from losing his stake in the Midas.
At some point in time, Cherry Malotte has unrequited love for Roy Glenister.
At some point in time, Cherry Malotte's unrequited love for Roy Glenister has brought her to Nome.
At some point in time, Helen Chester slowly learns about the scheme being perpetrated by Alexander McNamara, her uncle, and others.
At some point in time, Helen Chester's affections are torn between Roy Glenister and Alexander McNamara.