At some point in time, the plot of the novel begins seven years after the broken engagement of Anne Elliot to Commander Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot is 19 years old at the time of her broken engagement.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot fell in love with Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot accepted a proposal of marriage from Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth is a handsome young naval officer.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth was clever, confident, ambitious, and employed.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth was not yet wealthy.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth had no particular family connections to recommend him.
At some point in time, Sir Walter Elliot is Anne Elliot's father.
At some point in time, Elizabeth is Anne Elliot's older sister.
At some point in time, Sir Walter Elliot and Elizabeth were not pleased with Anne Elliot's choice of Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Sir Walter Elliot and Elizabeth maintained that Frederick Wentworth was no match for an Elliot of Kellynch Hall.
At some point in time, Lady Russell acted in place of Anne Elliot's late mother.
At some point in time, Lady Russell persuaded Anne Elliot to break the engagement with Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Lady Russell felt that the match with Frederick Wentworth was imprudent for one so young.
At some point in time, only Sir Walter Elliot, Elizabeth, and Lady Russell know about Anne Elliot's short engagement.
At some point in time, Mary, Anne Elliot's younger sister, was away at school during the engagement.
At some point in time, the Elliot family is now in financial trouble.
At some point in time, Kellynch Hall will be let.
At some point in time, the Elliot family will settle in Bath until their finances improve.
At some point in time, Baronet Sir Walter Elliot looks forward to the move to Bath.
At some point in time, Elizabeth looks forward to the move to Bath.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot is less sure she will enjoy Bath.
At some point in time, Mary is married to Charles Musgrove.
At some point in time, Charles Musgrove is the heir to a respected local squire.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot visits Mary Musgrove and her family.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot is well-loved by Mary Musgrove and her family.
At some point in time, the end of the war puts sailors back on shore.
At some point in time, Admiral Croft is a tenant of Kellynch Hall.
At some point in time, Sophia Croft is the wife of Admiral Croft.
At some point in time, Sophia Croft is the sister of Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth is now a wealthy naval captain.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth visits his sister, Sophia Croft.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth meets the Uppercross family.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth meets Anne Elliot.
At some point in time, the Musgroves welcome the Crofts and Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth tells everyone he is ready to marry.
At some point in time, Henrietta is engaged to her clergyman cousin Charles Hayter.
At some point in time, Charles Hayter is away for the first few days that Frederick Wentworth joins their social circle.
At some point in time, both the Crofts and Musgroves enjoy speculating about which sister Frederick Wentworth might marry.
At some point in time, once Charles Hayter returns, Henrietta turns her affections to him again.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot no longer loves Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, each meeting with Frederick Wentworth requires preparation for Anne Elliot's strong emotions.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot overhears Louisa telling Frederick Wentworth that Charles first proposed to Anne Elliot.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot turned down Charles's proposal.
At some point in time, the news that Charles first proposed to Anne Elliot is startling to Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot and the young adults of the Uppercross family accompany Captain Frederick Wentworth on a visit to two of his fellow officers.
At some point in time, the fellow officers are Captains Harville and James Benwick.
At some point in time, the visit takes place in the coastal town of Lyme Regis.
At some point in time, James Benwick is in mourning for the death of his fiancée.
At some point in time, James Benwick's fiancée is Captain Harville's sister.
At some point in time, James Benwick appreciates Anne Elliot's sympathy and understanding.
At some point in time, James Benwick admires the Romantic poets.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot admires the Romantic poets.
At some point in time, a gentleman passing through Lyme attracts the attention of Anne Elliot.
At some point in time, the gentleman is William Elliot.
At some point in time, William Elliot is Anne Elliot's cousin.
At some point in time, William Elliot is the heir to Kellynch.
At some point in time, William Elliot broke ties with Sir Walter Elliot years earlier.
At some point in time, on the last morning of the visit, Louisa sustains a serious concussion in a fall.
At some point in time, the fall is brought about by Louisa's impetuous behavior with Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot organizes the others to summon assistance.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth is impressed with Anne Elliot.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth feels guilty about his actions with Louisa.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth re-examines his feelings about Anne Elliot.
At some point in time, following Louisa's accident, Anne Elliot joins her father and sister in Bath.
At some point in time, Lady Russell accompanies Anne Elliot in Bath.
At some point in time, Louisa and her parents stay at the Harvilles in Lyme.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth visits his older brother in Shropshire.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot finds that her father and sister are flattered by the attentions of William Elliot.
At some point in time, William Elliot is recently widowed.
At some point in time, William Elliot has reconciled with Sir Walter Elliot.
At some point in time, Elizabeth assumes that William Elliot wishes to court her.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot likes William Elliot.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot enjoys William Elliot's manners.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot finds William Elliot's character opaque.
At some point in time, Admiral Croft and his wife arrive in Bath with the news that Louisa is engaged to Captain Benwick.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth comes to Bath.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth's jealousy is piqued by seeing Mr. Elliot courting Anne Elliot.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth and Anne Elliot renew their acquaintance.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot visits an old school friend, Mrs. Smith.
At some point in time, Mrs. Smith is now a widow living in Bath.
At some point in time, Mrs. Smith is living in straitened circumstances.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot discovers that Mr. Elliot is a cold, calculating opportunist.
At some point in time, Mr. Elliot led Mrs. Smith's late husband into debt.
At some point in time, Mr. Elliot takes no actions to improve Mrs. Smith's situation.
At some point in time, Mrs. Smith believes that Mr. Elliot is genuinely attracted to Anne Elliot.
At some point in time, Mrs. Smith feels that Mr. Elliot's first aim is preventing Mrs. Clay from marrying Sir Walter Elliot.
At some point in time, a new marriage might mean a new son for Sir Walter Elliot.
At some point in time, a new son might displace Mr. Elliot.
At some point in time, the Musgroves visit Bath to purchase wedding clothes for Louisa and Henrietta.
At some point in time, Louisa and Henrietta are both soon to marry.
At some point in time, Captains Frederick Wentworth and Harville encounter the Musgroves and Anne Elliot at the Musgroves' hotel in Bath.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth overhears Anne Elliot and Captain Harville conversing about the relative faithfulness of men and women in love.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth is deeply moved by what Anne Elliot has to say about women not giving up their feelings of love.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth writes Anne Elliot a note declaring his feelings for her.
At some point in time, outside the hotel, Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth reconcile.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth affirm their love for each other.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth renew their engagement.
At some point in time, William Elliot leaves Bath with Mrs. Clay.
At some point in time, Mrs. Clay's charming ways may yet attract William Elliot.
At some point in time, Lady Russell admits she was wrong about Frederick Wentworth.
At some point in time, Lady Russell and Anne Elliot remain friends.
At some point in time, once Anne Elliot and Frederick Wentworth marry, he helps Mrs. Smith recover her lost assets.
At some point in time, Anne Elliot settles into life as the wife of a Navy captain.
At some point in time, Frederick Wentworth is called away when his country needs him.