At some point in time, the novel takes place in a world where online "tribes" form.
At some point in time, all members of the tribes set their circadian rhythms to the same time zone.
At some point in time, members of the tribes may be physically located throughout the world.
At some point in time, the protagonist is Art Berry.
At some point in time, Art Berry has been sent to an insane asylum.
At some point in time, Art Berry has been sent to an insane asylum as a result of a complex conspiracy.
At some point in time, Art Berry works in London as a consultant for the Greenwich 0 tribe.
At some point in time, Art Berry and his associate Fede are double-agents for the Eastern Standard Tribe.
At some point in time, Art Berry lacks talents as a human experience engineer.
At some point in time, Art Berry delivers subtly flawed proposals to the GMT tribe.
At some point in time, Art Berry delivers subtly flawed proposals to undermine the GMT tribe.
At some point in time, Art Berry delivers subtly flawed proposals to enable his own tribe to get a coveted contract.
At some point in time, Art Berry meets a girl named Linda after he hits Linda with his car at 3am.
At some point in time, Art Berry has an idea for peer-to-peer music sharing between automobiles.
At some point in time, Art Berry plans to give the idea for peer-to-peer music sharing to the Eastern Standard Tribe.
At some point in time, Art Berry plans to take a cut for himself from the idea for peer-to-peer music sharing.
At some point in time, Art Berry's girlfriend meets his coworker Fede.
At some point in time, Art Berry's girlfriend and Fede plan to double cross the Eastern Standard Tribe.
At some point in time, Art Berry's girlfriend and Fede plan to sell the idea for peer-to-peer music sharing to another tribe.
At some point in time, Art Berry's girlfriend and Fede do the plan behind Art Berry's back.
At some point in time, Fede claims he would have cut Art Berry in on the deal afterwards.
At some point in time, Art Berry figures out what is going on.
At some point in time, Art Berry is committed to an insane asylum to protect Fede and his girlfriend's plot.
At some point in time, the book alternates between two points of view.
At some point in time, one point of view is Art Berry meeting Linda in London.
At some point in time, the other point of view is Art Berry in the asylum.
At some point in time, the London plot culminates in Art Berry's attack on Fede.
At some point in time, Art Berry discovers Fede's betrayal.
At some point in time, the asylum plot takes place after Art Berry's attack on Fede.
At some point in time, the asylum plot culminates in Art Berry's escape from the asylum.
At some point in time, Art Berry founds a new company to market health care products.
At some point in time, Art Berry uses his inside knowledge of psychiatric institutions to market health care products.