At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance is a football player, boxer, socialite, athlete, and all-around Big Man On Campus.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance is nearly kicked out of university.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance pleads for a second chance.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance is granted a second chance.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance successfully graduates from university.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance spurns an offer from his father to come work for the family business.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance determines to make something of himself first.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance repairs to Chicago.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance's many attempts to find work come to nothing.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance despairs due to his lack of work.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance has a friendship with a pickpocket known as "The Lizard."
At some point in time, the friendship with "The Lizard" cheers Jimmy Torrance up.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance reapplies himself after befriending "The Lizard."
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance finally finds work in a department store.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance makes the acquaintance of a young lady named Elizabeth Compton.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance gains a number of jobs in rapid succession.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance loses a number of jobs in rapid succession.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance works as a ladies' hosiery clerk.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance works as a waiter.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance works as a boxer.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance works as a milkman.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance chances to meet Elizabeth Compton in most of his occupations.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance chances to meet Harriet Holden in most of his occupations.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance loses the friendship of a prostitute named Edith (Little Eva).
At some point in time, Elizabeth Compton's father runs a factory.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Compton's father is worried that he is losing money.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Compton's father advertises for an "efficiency expert."
At some point in time, Elizabeth Compton's father wants the "efficiency expert" to help him turn things around.
At some point in time, Edith sees the ad for the "efficiency expert."
At some point in time, Edith encourages Jimmy Torrance to apply for the job.
At some point in time, Edith writes fraudulent letters of recommendation for Jimmy Torrance.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance gets the job as an "efficiency expert."
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance immediately begins to improve things at the factory.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance begins to suspect that someone at the factory is stealing.
At some point in time, Harold Bince is Elizabeth Compton's fiancé.
At some point in time, Harold Bince is the factory's assistant manager.
At some point in time, Harold Bince is the embezzler at the factory.
At some point in time, Harold Bince has large gambling debts.
At some point in time, Harold Bince tries to get Jimmy Torrance fired.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Compton eagerly assists Harold Bince in his effort to get Jimmy Torrance fired.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance figures out the truth about Harold Bince.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance has Mr. Compton engage an outside firm of accountants.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance does not want to deliver the bad news himself.
At some point in time, Harold Bince tries to get rid of Jimmy Torrance in desperation.
At some point in time, a violent climax occurs in which Elizabeth Compton's father is murdered.
At some point in time, Jimmy Torrance is framed for the murder.
At some point in time, The Lizard works to get Jimmy Torrance off.
At some point in time, Little Eva works to get Jimmy Torrance off.
At some point in time, the effort to get Jimmy Torrance off finally succeeds.
At some point in time, The Lizard takes the stand.
At some point in time, The Lizard proves that Jimmy Torrance could not have committed the murder.
At some point in time, Harold Bince persuades Elizabeth Compton to marry him.
At some point in time, Harold Bince is exposed.
At some point in time, Harold Bince commits suicide.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Compton is sadder and wiser after the events.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Compton asks Jimmy Torrance to take over as manager of the factory.