At some point in time, Wells introduces Boon and calls it "an indiscreet, ill-advised book."
At some point in time, Wells pretends to repudiate any public identification with the work.
At some point in time, Bliss is Bliss and Wells is Wells.
At some point in time, Bliss can write all sorts of things that Wells could not do.
At some point in time, Wells creates a literary character named Reginald Bliss.
At some point in time, Reginald Bliss is making a book out of the literary remains of an author who has recently died.
At some point in time, the author who has recently died is George Boon.
At some point in time, George Boon is a popular author of books and plays.
At some point in time, Reginald Bliss attributes George Boon's death to depression on account of the war.
At some point in time, Reginald Bliss expresses disappointment that among George Boon's papers he has found "nothing but fragments."
At some point in time, Reginald Bliss expresses disappointment that among George Boon's papers he has found "a curious abundance of queer little drawings."
At some point in time, many of the queer little drawings are reproduced.
At some point in time, the principal text by George Boon that Reginald Bliss presents is titled The Mind of the Race.
At some point in time, The Mind of the Race is "the singularly vivid and detailed and happily quite imaginary account of the murder of that eminent littérateur, Dr. Tomlinson Keyhole."
At some point in time, Reginald Bliss recounts conversations about the themes of The Mind of the Race.
At some point in time, Reginald Bliss has had conversations about the themes of The Mind of the Race with George Boon.
At some point in time, Reginald Bliss has had conversations about the themes of The Mind of the Race with Edwin Dodd.
At some point in time, Edwin Dodd is a leading member of the Rationalist Press Association.
At some point in time, Edwin Dodd is a militant agnostic.
At some point in time, Reginald Bliss has had conversations about the themes of The Mind of the Race with an author named Wilkins.
At some point in time, the principal philosophical theme engaged in George Boon's work is whether "the Mind of Humanity" can be said to exist.
At some point in time, Dodd believes that the notion of "the Mind of Humanity" is "mysticism."
At some point in time, in the unfinished work George Boon was planning, a character named Hallery is "fanatically obsessed by this idea of the Mind of the Race."
At some point in time, Wells is imagined to be fanatically obsessed by the idea of the Mind of the Race.
At some point in time, Hallery is imagined lecturing unsuccessfully on the subject at a conference.
At some point in time, the conference is held at a seaside villa that Henry James attends.
At some point in time, Chapter 4 of Boon is largely a frontal assault on Henry James's late manner.
At some point in time, Chapter 4 contains long pastiches of Henry James's style.
At some point in time, Henry James believes that a novel should have unity.
At some point in time, Henry James's belief that a novel should have unity is vigorously attacked in Chapter 4.
At some point in time, Henry James's characters are attacked in Chapter 4.
At some point in time, Henry James's characters are described as "eviscerated people he has invented."
At some point in time, Henry James's characters "never make lusty love."
At some point in time, Henry James's characters "never go to angry war."
At some point in time, Henry James's characters "never shout at an election or perspire at poker."
At some point in time, Henry James's characters only "nose out suspicions, hint by hint, link by link."
At some point in time, Chapter 5 mocks other writers, especially George Bernard Shaw.
At some point in time, Chapter 5 includes an outline of a paper on "The Natural History of Greatness, with especial reference to Literary Reputations."
At some point in time, the outline shows that some of Wells's critical notions were far ahead of his time.
At some point in time, Wells's stand-in Hallery argues for an expansion of the concept of literature.
At some point in time, Hallery's argument anticipates future critical developments.
At some point in time, Chapter 6 analyses the resistance Hallery's quasi-religious concept of the institution of literature inspires.
At some point in time, Hallery's quasi-religious concept of the institution of literature inspires resistance even in Hallery himself.
At some point in time, Chapter 7 praises the thought of Friedrich Nietzsche.
At some point in time, Chapter 7 admires Houston Stewart Chamberlain's pro-German work The Foundations of the Nineteenth Century.
At some point in time, Boon concludes with two humorous symbolic tales.
At some point in time, the two humorous symbolic tales are entitled "The Wild Asses of the Devil" and "The Last Trump."
At some point in time, the tale entitled "The Last Trump" engages theological themes.
At some point in time, Wells would soon be developing the theological themes in a serious vein in God the Invisible King (1917).