Mrs. Tittlemouse is a tale in which no humans play a part.
At some point in time, events in Mrs. Tittlemouse are treated as though they have occurred since time immemorial.
At some point in time, events in Mrs. Tittlemouse are treated as though they have occurred far from human observance.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse is a simple story.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse is likely to appeal to young children.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse is a most terribly tidy little mouse.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse is always sweeping and dusting the soft sandy floors.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse has yards and yards of passages and storerooms in her funny house.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse's house is amongst the roots of a hedge.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse has a kitchen.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse has a parlour.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse has a pantry.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse has a larder.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse has a bedroom.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse keeps her dust-pan and brush next to her little box bed.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse tries to keep her house tidy.
At some point in time, insect intruders leave dirty footprints on Mrs. Tittlemouse's floors.
At some point in time, insect intruders leave all sorts of messes about Mrs. Tittlemouse's house.
At some point in time, a beetle is shooed away by Mrs. Tittlemouse.
At some point in time, a ladybird is exorcised by Mrs. Tittlemouse with the phrase "Fly away home! Your house is on fire!".
At some point in time, a spider inquiring after Miss Muffet is turned away by Mrs. Tittlemouse with little ceremony.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse meets Babbitty Bumble in a distant passage.
At some point in time, Babbitty Bumble is a bumble bee.
At some point in time, Babbitty Bumble has taken up residence with three or four other bees.
At some point in time, Babbitty Bumble and the other bees reside in one of the empty storerooms.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse tries to pull out Babbitty Bumble's nest.
At some point in time, Babbitty Bumble and the other bees buzz fiercely at Mrs. Tittlemouse.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse retreats to deal with the matter after dinner.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse finds Mr. Jackson sitting before the fire in her rocking chair.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson is her toad neighbour.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson lives in a drain below the hedge.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson lives in a very dirty wet ditch.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson's coat tails drip with water.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson leaves wet footmarks on Mrs. Tittlemouse's parlour floor.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse follows Mr. Jackson about with a mop and dish-cloth.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse allows Mr. Jackson to stay for dinner.
At some point in time, the food is not to Mr. Jackson's liking.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson rummages about the cupboard searching for honey.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson can smell honey.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson discovers a butterfly in the sugar bowl.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson makes a big mess pulling out the bees' nest.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse feels calm and collected as a result of the turmoil.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse takes refuge in the nut-cellar.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse discovers everybody has left when she ventures forth.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse's house is a mess.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse takes some moss, beeswax, and twigs.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse partly closes up her front door to keep Mr. Jackson out.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse goes to bed wondering if her house will ever be tidy again.
At some point in time, the fastidious little mouse spends a fortnight spring cleaning.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse rubs the furniture with beeswax.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse polishes her little tin spoons.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse holds a party for five other little wood-mice.
At some point in time, the five other little wood-mice wear their Regency finery.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson attends the party.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tittlemouse narrows her door.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson is forced to sit outside because Mrs. Tittlemouse has narrowed her door.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson takes no offence at being excluded from the parlour.
At some point in time, acorn-cupfuls of honeydew are passed through the window to Mr. Jackson.
At some point in time, Mr. Jackson toasts Mrs. Tittlemouse's good health.