At some point in time, the novel begins as the narrator, Jenny, describes her cousin by marriage Kitty Baldry pining in the abandoned nursery.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry is pining in the abandoned nursery where her dead first son would have been raised.
At some point in time, Jenny occupies herself with the domestic management of the Baldry estate just outside London.
At some point in time, Jenny and Kitty are almost completely removed from the horrors of World War I.
At some point in time, Kitty's husband, Chris Baldry, is a British soldier fighting in France.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey arrives at the Baldry estate wishing to bear news to Jenny and Kitty.
At some point in time, Jenny and Kitty are surprised to find a drab middle-aged woman when they meet Margaret Grey.
At some point in time, Margaret tells Jenny and Kitty that the War Office sent her notification of Chris Baldry's injury and return home.
At some point in time, Kitty dismisses Margaret from the estate.
At some point in time, Kitty tries to deny that she could have been the recipient of such information.
At some point in time, another cousin of Jenny notifies Jenny and Kitty that he has visited Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry is obsessing over Margaret Grey.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry had a summer fling with Margaret Grey fifteen years before.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry returns shell-shocked to the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry thinks he is still twenty years old.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry finds himself in a strange world that has aged fifteen years beyond his memory.
At some point in time, Jenny asks Chris Baldry to explain what he is feeling to be true.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry tells Jenny the story of a romantic summer on Monkey Island.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry fell in love with Margaret Grey at the age of twenty.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey is the daughter of the innkeeper on Monkey Island.
At some point in time, the summer ends with a rash departure by Chris Baldry caused by a fit of jealousy.
At some point in time, Jenny travels to nearby Wealdstone to bring Margaret Grey back to Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Jenny wants to help Chris Baldry understand the difference between his remembered past and reality.
At some point in time, Jenny arrives at Margaret Grey's well-maintained row-house.
At some point in time, Jenny finds Margaret Grey disheveled and taking care of her husband.
At some point in time, Jenny convinces Margaret Grey to return with her to the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey returns to the Baldry estate to help Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry recognizes Margaret Grey and becomes excited.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey explains that fifteen years have passed since their Monkey Island summer.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry is now married to Kitty Baldry.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry acknowledges the passage of time intellectually.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry cannot retrieve his memories.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry still pines for Margaret Grey.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey continues to visit the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry and Jenny despair about Chris Baldry's loss of memory.
At some point in time, Jenny and Kitty decide to consult Dr. Gilbert Anderson, a psychoanalyst.
At some point in time, Dr. Gilbert Anderson arrives during one of Margaret Grey's visits.
At some point in time, Dr. Gilbert Anderson questions Jenny and Kitty.
At some point in time, Dr. Gilbert Anderson decides on a course of treatment with the help of Margaret Grey.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey must confront Chris Baldry with proof of his dead child.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey retrieves toys and some of the child's clothing.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey confronts Chris Baldry with the truth.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry regains his memory.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey departs after Chris Baldry regains his memory.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry rejoices in Chris Baldry's return to a state fit to be a soldier.