At some point in time, the novel takes place in the fictional town of Socartes, Spain.
At some point in time, the town's name refers to the philosopher Socrates.
At some point in time, the town's name refers to Socrates' ideas about internal beauty.
At some point in time, the town's name refers to Socrates' ideas about external beauty.
At some point in time, the story tells the story of Marianela.
At some point in time, Marianela is sometimes referred to as "Nela."
At some point in time, Marianela is a poor orphan girl.
At some point in time, Marianela has an ugly face.
At some point in time, Marianela has love for Pablo.
At some point in time, Pablo is a blind boy.
At some point in time, Pablo has feelings for Marianela.
At some point in time, Marianela frequently sings to Pablo.
At some point in time, Pablo believes Marianela is beautiful because of her voice.
At some point in time, Pablo's father asks a famous doctor named Teodoro Golfin to come and examine Pablo.
At some point in time, Teodoro Golfin is a famous doctor.
At some point in time, Teodoro Golfin is asked to see if Pablo's sight can be restored.
At some point in time, Pablo is full of hope at the prospect of the operation.
At some point in time, Pablo promises Marianela that he will marry her after the operation if it is successful.
At some point in time, Marianela despises Pablo.
At some point in time, Pablo is convinced that Marianela is beautiful.
At some point in time, Pablo believes Marianela is beautiful even when she tells him otherwise.
At some point in time, Pablo's father plans for Pablo to marry his beautiful cousin, Florentina.
At some point in time, Pablo's father does not tell Pablo about the plan to marry Florentina.
At some point in time, Pablo's father does not tell Florentina about the plan to marry her to Pablo.
At some point in time, Florentina comes to Socartes.
At some point in time, Marianela mistakes Florentina for the Virgin Mary when she first sees her.
At some point in time, Marianela mistakes Florentina for the Virgin Mary because of Florentina's beauty.
At some point in time, Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela.
At some point in time, Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela because Marianela is poor.
At some point in time, Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela because Marianela is abandoned.
At some point in time, Florentina expresses her pity for Marianela because nobody loves Marianela.
At some point in time, Florentina vows to take charge of Marianela.
At some point in time, Florentina vows to clothe Marianela.
At some point in time, Florentina vows to educate Marianela.
At some point in time, Florentina vows to have Marianela live with her like a sister.
At some point in time, Pablo eventually gets the operation that gives him his sight.
At some point in time, before seeing Marianela, Pablo sees Florentina.
At some point in time, Pablo proposes to Florentina instead of Marianela.
At some point in time, Marianela attempts suicide because Pablo proposes to Florentina.
At some point in time, Teodoro Golfin saves Marianela from suicide.
At some point in time, Teodoro Golfin is the eye doctor who cured Pablo.
At some point in time, Teodoro Golfin and Florentina take Marianela to Pablo's villa.
At some point in time, Teodoro Golfin and Florentina take care of Marianela while she is hiding from Pablo.
At some point in time, Marianela hides from Pablo because of her looks.
At some point in time, Pablo desires to see Marianela.
At some point in time, Pablo finds his way to Marianela's room.
At some point in time, Pablo serenades Florentina.
At some point in time, Pablo sees Marianela in bed.
At some point in time, Pablo confuses Marianela for "just a poor girl who Don Teodoro took in from the street."
At some point in time, Marianela admits it is she.
At some point in time, Marianela kisses Pablo's hand three times.
At some point in time, Marianela dies of a broken heart upon the third kiss.
At some point in time, Marianela leaves Pablo distraught.