At some point in time, the book's protagonist is an English scientist and gentleman inventor.
At some point in time, the protagonist lives in Richmond, Surrey, in Victorian England.
At some point in time, the protagonist is identified by a narrator as the Time Traveller.
At some point in time, the narrator recounts the Time Traveller's lecture to his weekly dinner guests.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller claims that time is simply a fourth dimension.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller demonstrates a tabletop model machine for travelling through time.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller reveals that he has built a machine capable of carrying a person through time.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller returns at dinner the following week to recount a remarkable tale.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller becomes the new narrator in the new narrative.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller tests his device with a journey to A.D. 802,701.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller meets the Eloi in A.D. 802,701.
At some point in time, the Eloi are a society of small, elegant, childlike adults.
At some point in time, the Eloi live in small communities within large and futuristic buildings.
At some point in time, the buildings of the Eloi are slowly deteriorating.
At some point in time, the Eloi do no work.
At some point in time, the Eloi have a frugivorous diet.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller's efforts to communicate with the Eloi are hampered by their lack of curiosity.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller speculates that the Eloi are a peaceful society.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller speculates that the Eloi are a communist society.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller speculates that humanity has conquered nature with technology.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller speculates that humanity has evolved to adapt to an environment where strength and intellect are no longer advantageous to survival.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller is shocked to find his time machine missing.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller concludes that his time machine has been dragged by an unknown party.
At some point in time, the time machine has been dragged into a nearby structure with heavy doors.
At some point in time, the heavy doors of the nearby structure are locked from the inside.
At some point in time, the nearby structure resembles a Sphinx.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller had removed the machine's levers before leaving it.
At some point in time, the Morlocks are ape-like troglodytes.
At some point in time, the Morlocks live in darkness underground.
At some point in time, the Morlocks surface only at night.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller discovers machinery and industry within the Morlocks' dwellings.
At some point in time, the machinery and industry make the above-ground paradise possible.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller alters his theory about human evolution.
At some point in time, the leisured classes have become the ineffectual Eloi.
At some point in time, the downtrodden working classes have become the brutal light-fearing Morlocks.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller deduces that the Morlocks have taken his time machine.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller explores the Morlock tunnels.
At some point in time, the Morlocks feed on the Eloi due to a lack of any other means of sustenance.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller's revised analysis is that the relationship between the Eloi and Morlocks is one of livestock and ranchers.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller theorizes that intelligence is the result of and response to danger.
At some point in time, the Eloi have lost the spirit, intelligence, and physical fitness of humanity at its peak.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller saves an Eloi named Weena from drowning.
At some point in time, none of the other Eloi take notice of Weena's plight.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller and Weena develop an innocently affectionate relationship over several days.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller takes Weena on an expedition to a distant structure.
At some point in time, the distant structure turns out to be the remains of a museum.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller finds a fresh supply of matches in the museum.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller fashions a crude weapon against the Morlocks.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller must fight the Morlocks to get back his time machine.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller plans to take Weena back to his own time.
At some point in time, the journey back to Weena's home is too much for the Time Traveller and Weena.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller and Weena stop in the forest.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller and Weena are overcome by Morlocks in the night.
At some point in time, Weena faints when they are overcome by Morlocks.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller escapes when a small fire he left behind catches up to them as a forest fire.
At some point in time, Weena and the pursuing Morlocks are lost in the fire.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller is devastated over his loss of Weena.
At some point in time, the Morlocks open the Sphinx.
At some point in time, the Morlocks use the time machine as bait to capture the Time Traveller.
At some point in time, the Morlocks do not understand that the Time Traveller will use the time machine to escape.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller reattaches the levers before he travels further ahead in time.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller travels roughly 30 million years from his own time.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller sees some of the last living things on a dying Earth.
At some point in time, the last living things on a dying Earth include menacing reddish crab-like creatures.
At some point in time, the reddish crab-like creatures wander the blood-red beaches.
At some point in time, the reddish crab-like creatures chase enormous butterflies.
At some point in time, the world is covered in simple lichenous vegetation.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller continues to make short jumps through time.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller sees Earth's rotation gradually cease.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller sees the sun grow larger, redder, and dimmer.
At some point in time, the world falls silent and freezes as the last degenerate living things die out.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller is overwhelmed.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller goes back to the machine.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller returns to Victorian time.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller arrives at his laboratory just three hours after he originally left.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller interrupts dinner.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller relates his adventures to his disbelieving visitors.
At some point in time, the Time Traveller produces as evidence two strange white flowers.
At some point in time, the strange white flowers were put in the Time Traveller's pocket by Weena.
At some point in time, the original narrator returns to the Time Traveller's house the next day.
At some point in time, the original narrator finds the Time Traveller preparing for another journey.
At some point in time, the original narrator reveals that he promised to return in a short period of time.
At some point in time, the original narrator reveals that after 3 years of waiting, the Time Traveller returned after just a few days.