At some point in time, the story is set in Manhattan during a protracted war between the United States and the Soviet Union.
At some point in time, Midtown Manhattan has been rendered an uninhabitable wasteland by a Soviet "Hell Bomb."
At some point in time, the rest of New York City is still occupied.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner is a British citizen.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner is in New York to barter.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner is bartering in exchange for grain.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner suspects that electronic equipment will be used in the construction of an American military base on the moon.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner pulls a young woman out of the way of a car.
At some point in time, a favorite gang activity is to snag women's clothing with fishhooks welded to cars' fenders.
At some point in time, the car that nearly hits the young woman came a bit too close.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner involves the police regarding the incident.
At some point in time, the police do not regard the incident as serious.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner ends up bribing the police to go away.
At some point in time, the wearing of masks has become all but mandatory for fashionable American women.
At some point in time, the masks are akin to the Muslim burka but carry no religious significance.
Wysten Turner cannot see the face of the woman he has helped.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner is intrigued by the woman he has helped.
At some point in time, the woman arranges for Wysten Turner to meet her later.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner and the woman go to a nightclub.
At some point in time, the woman begs Wysten Turner to help her escape America.
At some point in time, the woman explains that her boyfriend beats her when he loses a wrestling match.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner's sense of chivalry is aroused.
At some point in time, a fight occurs when the boyfriend arrives.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner knocks the boyfriend down.
At some point in time, the girl thanks Wysten Turner for defending her.
At some point in time, the girl does not turn on Wysten Turner after he defends her.
At some point in time, the girl's quasi-seduction of Wysten Turner is a ploy she has used on other men in the past.
At some point in time, all those around the girl already know about her ploy.
At some point in time, the girl never intended to leave the wrestler.
At some point in time, the girl craves her boyfriend's abuse.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner rips the mask from the girl's face.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner is repulsed by the girl's lack of grooming.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner is repulsed by the girl's expression of hatred.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner leaves.
At some point in time, Wysten Turner is anxious to return to England.