Louis Lambert is the only child of a tanner and his wife.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert is born in 1797.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert begins reading at an early age.
At some point in time, in 1811, Louis Lambert meets the real-life Swiss author Madame de Staël.
Madame de Staël is born in 1766 and dies in 1817.
At some point in time, Madame de Staël is struck by Louis Lambert's intellect.
At some point in time, Madame de Staël pays for Louis Lambert to enroll in the Collège de Vendôme.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert meets a classmate named "the Poet" at the Collège de Vendôme.
At some point in time, "The Poet" identifies himself in the text as Balzac.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert and Balzac quickly become friends.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert is shunned by the other students.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert is berated by teachers for not paying attention.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert and Balzac bond through discussions of philosophy and mysticism.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert completes an essay entitled Traité de la Volonté ("Treatise on the Will").
At some point in time, a teacher confiscates Louis Lambert's essay.
At some point in time, the teacher calls Louis Lambert's essay "rubbish."
At some point in time, the teacher sells Louis Lambert's essay to a local grocer.
At some point in time, a serious illness forces Balzac to leave the school.
At some point in time, in 1815, Louis Lambert graduates at the age of eighteen.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert lives for three years in Paris.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert returns to his uncle's home in Blois.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert meets a woman named Pauline de Villenoix.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert falls passionately in love with Pauline de Villenoix.
At some point in time, on the day before their wedding, Louis Lambert experiences a moment of clarity.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert decides to write a letter to Pauline de Villenoix.
At some point in time, doctors declare Louis Lambert "incurable."
At some point in time, doctors order Louis Lambert into solitude and rest.
At some point in time, Pauline de Villenoix takes Louis Lambert to her family's château.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert lives in a near coma at the château.
At some point in time, Balzac meets Louis Lambert's uncle by chance.
At some point in time, Balzac is given a series of letters written by Louis Lambert.
At some point in time, the letters were written by Louis Lambert while in Paris and Blois.
At some point in time, the letters continue Louis Lambert's philosophical musings.
At some point in time, the letters describe Louis Lambert's love for Pauline de Villenoix.
At some point in time, Balzac visits Louis Lambert at the Villenoix château.
At some point in time, the decrepit Louis Lambert says only: "The angels are white."
At some point in time, Pauline de Villenoix shares a series of statements her lover had dictated.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert dies on 25 September 1824.
At some point in time, Louis Lambert dies at the age of twenty-eight.