At some point in time, Christy Mahon stumbles into Flaherty's tavern.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon claims that he is on the run.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon claims that he killed his own father by driving a loy into his father's head.
At some point in time, Flaherty praises Christy Mahon for his boldness.
At some point in time, Pegeen falls in love with Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, Pegeen is the daughter of Flaherty.
At some point in time, Pegeen is the barmaid at Flaherty's tavern.
At some point in time, Shawn Keogh is Pegeen's betrothed.
At some point in time, many other women become attracted to Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, the Widow Quin tries unsuccessfully to seduce Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, the Widow Quin tries to seduce Christy Mahon at Shawn Keogh's behest.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon impresses the village women by winning a donkey race.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon uses the slowest beast to win the donkey race.
At some point in time, Christy's father, Mahon, tracks Christy Mahon to the tavern.
Mahon was only wounded.
At some point in time, the townsfolk realize that Christy's father is alive.
At some point in time, everyone shuns Christy Mahon as a liar and a coward.
At some point in time, Pegeen shuns Christy Mahon as a liar and a coward.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon apologizes to his father.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon embraces his father.
At some point in time, old Mahon seems to be dead this time.
At some point in time, the townspeople bind Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, the townspeople prepare to hang Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, the townspeople want to avoid being implicated as accessories to Christy's crime.
At some point in time, Christy's life is saved when his father crawls back onto the scene.
At some point in time, Mahon is beaten and bloodied when he crawls back onto the scene.
At some point in time, Mahon improbably survives his son's second attack.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon and his father leave to wander the world.
At some point in time, Shawn Keogh suggests that he and Pegeen get married soon.
At some point in time, Pegeen spurns Shawn Keogh.
At some point in time, Pegeen laments betraying Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, Pegeen laments losing Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, Pegeen states that she has lost the only playboy of the western world.