At some point in time, Zola spends the next twenty-two years of his life working on the Rougon-Macquart cycle.
At some point in time, the fictional town of Plassans is established as the setting for the novel.
At some point in time, Plassans is loosely based on the real city of Aix-en-Provence.
At some point in time, Adelaide Fouque is introduced as the eccentric heroine of the novel.
At some point in time, Adelaide Fouque is later known as "Tante Dide."
At some point in time, Adelaide Fouque becomes the common ancestor for both the Rougon and Macquart families.
At some point in time, Adelaide Fouque has a legitimate son named Rougon.
At some point in time, Rougon is a labourer who worked on Dide's land.
At some point in time, Adelaide Fouque has two illegitimate children from her later romance with Macquart.
At some point in time, Macquart is a smuggler, poacher, and alcoholic.
At some point in time, Adelaide Fouque slides further into a state of mental illness and borderline senile dementia.
At some point in time, the next nineteen novels in the Rougon-Macquart cycle get their central protagonists from this premise.
At some point in time, the narrative follows both branches of the Rougon and Macquart families.
At some point in time, Pierre Rougon is the legitimate son of Adelaide Fouque.
At some point in time, Pierre Rougon attempts to disinherit his Macquart half-siblings.
At some point in time, Pierre Rougon marries Felicité Puech.
At some point in time, Felicité Puech is the daughter of a local merchant.
At some point in time, Pierre Rougon and Felicité Puech fail to establish the fortune, fame, and renown they seek.
At some point in time, Pierre Rougon and Felicité Puech have relatively comfortable lifestyles.
At some point in time, Pierre Rougon and Felicité Puech admit defeat as they approach old age.
At some point in time, Pierre Rougon and Felicité Puech settle into their lower middle-class destinies.
At some point in time, Eugène Rougon reports from Paris that he has interesting news for his parents.
At some point in time, Eugène Rougon has become one of the closest allies of the future Emperor Napoleon III.
At some point in time, Eugène Rougon informs his parents that a coup is imminent.
At some point in time, the Rougons make a series of bold moves to show their support for Napoleon III.
At some point in time, the Rougons win the admiration of influential people in Plassans.
At some point in time, most influential people in Plassans are royalists.
At some point in time, royalists are afraid of showing too much commitment for fear of backing the wrong horse.
At some point in time, the narrative switches to the Macquart side of the family.
At some point in time, the Macquarts struggle to survive in a grim working-class environment.
At some point in time, the Rougons' quest for greater wealth and influence is juxtaposed with the Macquarts' struggles.
At some point in time, Zola predestines the Macquarts to lives of toil and misery.
At some point in time, Zola's theories of heredity are a cornerstone of his philosophy.
At some point in time, Zola's theories of heredity are a major reason for his embarking on the Rougon-Macquart project.
Zola's theories of heredity are largely discredited nowadays.
At some point in time, Zola's theories of heredity are largely present but unseen in most novels of the Rougon-Macquart cycle.
At some point in time, the original story nature of La Fortune des Rougon places Zola's theories more to the fore.
At some point in time, Zola's theories can appear somewhat heavy-handed as a result.
At some point in time, a third branch of the family, the Mourets, is introduced.
At some point in time, the Mourets are descended from Macquart and Dide's daughter.
At some point in time, the novel's focus returns to the night of the coup.
At some point in time, Silvère Mouret falls madly in love with Miette Chantegreil.
At some point in time, Silvère Mouret and Miette Chantegreil decide to join up with the republicans to fight the coup.
At some point in time, the rest of the novel picks up from where the opening chapter left off.
At some point in time, the narrative tells the story of the old Rougon couple's machinations for fortune and respect.
At some point in time, the narrative juxtaposes the Rougons' story with Silvère and Miette's continuing love story.
At some point in time, the republican militia's attempt to take the town back is disastrous.
At some point in time, Silvère Mouret feels indifferent towards Miette Chantegreil.
At some point in time, the Rougons exploit their half-brother Antoine Macquart into helping crush the republican threat.
At some point in time, the Rougons achieve their life's ambition, fortune, and favour.
At some point in time, Silvère Mouret and Miette Chantegreil committed themselves to a doomed cause.
At some point in time, Silvère Mouret and Miette Chantegreil do not have a happy ending.
At some point in time, Zola leaves Silvère and Miette's half of the story at a bleak dead end.