At some point in time, the events in the narrative are set sometime between the French and Indian War and the American Revolutionary War.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's family experiences horrible events.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father was a German immigrant.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father founded his own religion.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father came to America just before the American Revolution.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father had the conviction to spread his religion to the indigenous people.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father fails at spreading his religion.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father believes he has failed his deity.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father seems to spontaneously combust one night.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father’s health rapidly deteriorates after the spontaneous combustion.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father dies.
Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland do not inherit their father's property.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland's father's property is divided equally between Clara Wieland and Theodore Wieland.
At some point in time, Theodore Wieland marries their childhood friend, Catharine Pleyel.
At some point in time, Theodore Wieland and Catharine Pleyel have four children.
At some point in time, Theodore Wieland begins to hear voices.
At some point in time, Catharine Pleyel's brother, Henry Pleyel, begins to hear voices.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland is initially doubtful of the voices that Theodore Wieland and Henry Pleyel claim to hear.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland begins to hear a strange voice.
At some point in time, the mysterious Carwin appears on the scene.
At some point in time, Carwin suggests that the voices may be caused by human mimicry.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland is secretly in love with Henry Pleyel.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland makes a plan to tell Henry Pleyel that she is in love with him.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland's chance to tell Henry Pleyel is ruined.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland finds Carwin hiding in her closet when she returns home.
At some point in time, Carwin admits he had been planning to rape Clara Wieland.
At some point in time, Carwin believes Clara Wieland is under the protection of a supernatural force.
At some point in time, Carwin leaves Clara Wieland instead of raping her.
At some point in time, the next morning, Henry Pleyel accuses Clara Wieland of having an affair with Carwin.
At some point in time, Henry Pleyel leaves quickly without giving Clara Wieland enough time to defend herself.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland decides to go see Henry Pleyel to tell him he is mistaken.
At some point in time, Henry Pleyel does not seem to believe Clara Wieland.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland stops to visit her friend Mrs. Baynton on her way home.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland finds a letter from Carwin waiting for her at Mrs. Baynton's house.
At some point in time, the letter from Carwin requests an audience with Clara Wieland.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland finds that everyone at Theodore Wieland's house seems to be asleep.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland continues on to her own home.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland is to meet with Carwin at her home.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland hears strange noises and sees lights when she arrives home.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland sees a glimpse of Carwin's face.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland finds a strange letter from Carwin in her room.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland finds Catharine Pleyel dead in her bed.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland is shocked when she finds Catharine Pleyel dead.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland sits in her room until Theodore Wieland arrives.
At some point in time, Theodore Wieland threatens Clara Wieland.
At some point in time, Theodore Wieland leaves Clara Wieland unharmed when he hears voices outside.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland learns that Theodore Wieland's children and Louisa Conway have also been killed.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland falls ill.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland is later able to read the murderer's testimony.
At some point in time, the killer is Clara Wieland's brother, Theodore Wieland.
At some point in time, Theodore Wieland claims to have been acting under divine orders.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland is sure that Carwin is the source of Theodore Wieland's madness.
At some point in time, Carwin reveals to Clara Wieland that he is a biloquist.
At some point in time, Carwin was the cause of most of the voices.
At some point in time, Carwin claims that he did not tell Theodore Wieland to commit the murders.
At some point in time, Wieland, having escaped from prison, arrives at Clara Wieland's house.
At some point in time, Wieland tries to kill Clara Wieland.
At some point in time, Carwin uses his ability to tell Theodore Wieland to stop.
At some point in time, Carwin says that Theodore Wieland should not have listened to the voices.
At some point in time, Theodore Wieland suddenly comes to his senses.
At some point in time, Theodore Wieland kills himself.
At some point in time, Theodore Wieland is full of remorse for what he has done.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland refuses to leave her house until it burns down one day.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland goes to Europe with her uncle.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland eventually marries Henry Pleyel.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland feels she has finally recovered from the tragic events.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland feels she is able to write down the tragic events.
At some point in time, Carwin has become a farmer in the countryside.
At some point in time, the novel was based on the true story of murders that took place at Tomhannock, New York in 1781.
At some point in time, James Yates killed his wife and four children under the influence of a religious delusion.
At some point in time, James Yates attempted to kill his sister.
At some point in time, James Yates expressed no remorse for his conduct in court later.
At some point in time, Brown gave his tragic hero a pedigree related to the actual German author Christoph Martin Wieland.
At some point in time, Christoph Martin Wieland is mentioned obliquely in the text.
At some point in time, Clara Wieland's ancestor may be considered the founder of the German Theatre.
At some point in time, the modern poet of the same name is sprung from the same family as Christoph Martin Wieland.
At some point in time, the modern poet perhaps surpasses but little in the fruitfulness of his invention compared to Christoph Martin Wieland.
At some point in time, the modern poet perhaps surpasses but little in the soundness of his taste compared to Christoph Martin Wieland.
At some point in time, Charles Brockden Brown's novels were very influential in the later development of the Gothic genre.
At some point in time, Edgar Allan Poe was influenced by Charles Brockden Brown's novels.
At some point in time, Mary Shelley was influenced by Charles Brockden Brown's novels.
At some point in time, George Lippard was especially influenced by Charles Brockden Brown's novels.