At some point in time, Montresor is the narrator of the story.
At some point in time, Montresor tells the story of the day that Montresor took his revenge on Fortunato.
At some point in time, Fortunato is an Italian name that means "the fortunate one."
At some point in time, Montresor tells the story to an unspecified person who knows Montresor very well.
At some point in time, Montresor is angry over numerous injuries and some unspecified insult.
At some point in time, Montresor plots to save Fortunato during Carnival.
At some point in time, Fortunato is drunk, dizzy, and wearing a jester's motley during Carnival.
At some point in time, Montresor lures Fortunato into a private wine-tasting excursion.
At some point in time, Montresor claims to have obtained a pipe of what Montresor believes to be a rare vintage of amontillado.
At some point in time, the pipe contains about 130 gallons or 492 litres of wine.
At some point in time, Montresor invites Luchesi for a private tasting to confirm the pipe's contents.
At some point in time, Montresor knows Fortunato will insist on tasting the amontillado rather than Luchesi.
At some point in time, Montresor claims that Luchesi cannot tell Amontillado from Sherry.
At some point in time, Fortunato goes with Montresor to the wine cellars of Montresor's palazzo.
At some point in time, Montresor and Fortunato wander in the catacombs.
At some point in time, Montresor offers wine to Fortunato to keep Fortunato inebriated.
At some point in time, Montresor offers Medoc wine to Fortunato.
At some point in time, Montresor offers De Grave wine to Fortunato.
At some point in time, Montresor warns Fortunato about the dampness due to Fortunato's bad cough.
At some point in time, Montresor suggests that Fortunato go back.
At some point in time, Fortunato insists on continuing despite Montresor's warning.
At some point in time, Fortunato claims that Fortunato shall not die of a cough.
At some point in time, Montresor mentions his family coat of arms.
At some point in time, Montresor's family coat of arms features a golden foot in a blue background crushing a snake.
At some point in time, the snake's fangs are embedded in the foot's heel.
At some point in time, the motto of Montresor's family coat of arms is Nemo me impune lacessit.
At some point in time, Fortunato makes an elaborate, grotesque gesture with an upraised wine bottle.
At some point in time, Montresor does not recognize Fortunato's gesture.
At some point in time, Fortunato asks Montresor if Montresor is not of the masons.
At some point in time, Montresor says that Montresor is a mason.
At some point in time, Fortunato requests a sign to confirm Montresor's claim.
At some point in time, Montresor displays a trowel that Montresor had been hiding.
At some point in time, Montresor tells Fortunato that the amontillado is within a niche.
At some point in time, Fortunato enters the niche drunk and unsuspecting.
At some point in time, Fortunato does not resist as Montresor chains Fortunato to the wall.
At some point in time, Montresor declares that Montresor must positively leave Fortunato there.
At some point in time, Montresor reveals brick and mortar that were previously hidden among the bones nearby.
At some point in time, Montresor walls up the niche, entombing Fortunato alive.
At some point in time, Fortunato sobers up faster than Montresor anticipated.
At some point in time, Fortunato shakes the chains, trying to escape.
At some point in time, Fortunato screams for help.
At some point in time, Montresor mocks Fortunato's cries.
At some point in time, Montresor knows that nobody can hear Fortunato's cries.
At some point in time, Fortunato laughs weakly and pretends that Fortunato is the subject of a joke.
At some point in time, Fortunato believes that people will be waiting for Fortunato, including Lady Fortunato.
At some point in time, Fortunato wails, "For the love of God, Montresor!"
At some point in time, Montresor replies, "Yes, for the love of God!"
At some point in time, Montresor listens for a reply.
At some point in time, Montresor hears only the jester's bells ringing.
At some point in time, Montresor drops a burning torch through the gap before placing the last stone.
At some point in time, Montresor claims that Montresor feels sick at heart.
At some point in time, Montresor dismisses the feeling of sickness as an effect of the dampness of the catacombs.
At some point in time, Montresor reveals that 50 years later, Fortunato's body still hangs from its chains in the niche.
At some point in time, Montresor left Fortunato's body in the niche.
At some point in time, Montresor concludes with the phrase "In pace requiescat!"
At some point in time, the phrase "In pace requiescat!" means "May he rest in peace!"