At some point in time, Act 1 is set in a chocolate house.
At some point in time, Mirabell and Fainall have just finished playing cards.
At some point in time, a footman comes and tells Mirabell that Waitwell and Foible were married that morning.
At some point in time, Waitwell is Mirabell's male servant.
At some point in time, Foible is Lady Wishfort's female servant.
At some point in time, Mirabell tells Fainall about his love of Millamant.
At some point in time, Fainall encourages Mirabell to marry Millamant.
At some point in time, Witwoud and Petulant appear.
At some point in time, Mirabell is informed that should Lady Wishfort marry, he will lose £6000 of Millamant's inheritance.
At some point in time, Mirabell will only get this money if he can make Lady Wishfort consent to his and Millamant's marriage.
At some point in time, Act 2 is set in St. James’ Park.
At some point in time, Mrs. Fainall and Mrs. Marwood are discussing their hatred of men.
At some point in time, Fainall appears and accuses Mrs. Marwood of loving Mirabell.
At some point in time, Mrs. Marwood loves Mirabell.
At some point in time, Mrs. Fainall tells Mirabell that she hates her husband.
At some point in time, Mrs. Fainall and Mirabell begin to plot to deceive Lady Wishfort into giving her consent to the marriage.
At some point in time, Millamant appears in the park.
At some point in time, Millamant is angry about the previous night.
At some point in time, Mirabell was confronted by Lady Wishfort the previous night.
At some point in time, Millamant tells Mirabell of her displeasure in his plan.
At some point in time, Millamant has only a vague idea about Mirabell's plan.
At some point in time, the newly wed servants appear after Millamant leaves.
At some point in time, Mirabell reminds the newly wed servants of their roles in the plan.
At some point in time, Acts 3, 4, and 5 are all set in the home of Lady Wishfort.
At some point in time, Lady Wishfort is introduced.
At some point in time, Foible encourages Lady Wishfort to marry the supposed Sir Rowland.
At some point in time, Sir Rowland is Mirabell's supposed uncle.
At some point in time, Lady Wishfort marrying Sir Rowland will cause Mirabell to lose his inheritance.
At some point in time, Sir Rowland is Waitwell in disguise.
At some point in time, the plan is to entangle Lady Wishfort in a marriage which cannot go ahead.
At some point in time, the marriage cannot go ahead because it would be bigamy.
At some point in time, the marriage cannot go ahead because it would be a social disgrace.
At some point in time, Waitwell is only a serving man.
At some point in time, Lady Wishfort is an aristocrat.
At some point in time, Mirabell will offer to help Lady Wishfort out of the embarrassing situation if she consents to his marriage.
At some point in time, Mrs. Fainall discusses this plan with Foible.
At some point in time, Mrs. Marwood overhears Mrs. Fainall discussing the plan.
At some point in time, Mrs. Marwood later tells the plan to Fainall.
At some point in time, Fainall decides that he will take his wife's money and go away with Mrs. Marwood.
At some point in time, Mirabell and Millamant discuss in detail the conditions under which they would accept each other in marriage.
At some point in time, the discussion between Mirabell and Millamant is known as the "proviso scene."
At some point in time, the discussion shows the depth of Mirabell and Millamant's feeling for each other.
At some point in time, Fainall accuses Mrs. Marwood of hating Mirabell.
At some point in time, Mirabell finally proposes to Millamant.
At some point in time, Mrs. Fainall encourages Millamant to accept Mirabell's proposal.
At some point in time, Millamant knows of Mrs. Fainall's previous relations with Mirabell.
At some point in time, Millamant accepts Mirabell's proposal.
At some point in time, Mirabell leaves as Lady Wishfort arrives.
At some point in time, Lady Wishfort lets it be known that she wants Millamant to marry her nephew, Sir Wilfull Witwoud.
At some point in time, Sir Wilfull Witwoud has just arrived from the countryside.
At some point in time, Lady Wishfort later gets a letter telling her about the Sir Rowland plot.
At some point in time, Sir Rowland takes the letter.
At some point in time, Sir Rowland accuses Mirabell of trying to sabotage their wedding.
At some point in time, Lady Wishfort agrees to let Sir Rowland bring a marriage contract that night.
At some point in time, by Act 5, Lady Wishfort has found out the plot.
At some point in time, Fainall has had Waitwell arrested.
At some point in time, Mrs. Fainall tells Foible that her previous affair with Mirabell is now public knowledge.
At some point in time, Lady Wishfort appears with Mrs. Marwood.
At some point in time, Lady Wishfort thanks Mrs. Marwood for unveiling the plot.
At some point in time, Fainall appears and uses the information of Mrs. Fainall's previous affair with Mirabell to blackmail Lady Wishfort.
At some point in time, Fainall uses Millamant's contract to marry him to blackmail Lady Wishfort.
At some point in time, Fainall tells Lady Wishfort that she should never marry.
At some point in time, Fainall tells Lady Wishfort that she is to transfer her fortune to him.
At some point in time, Lady Wishfort offers Mirabell her consent to the marriage if he can save her fortune and honour.
At some point in time, Mirabell calls on Waitwell.
At some point in time, Waitwell brings a contract from the time before the marriage of the Fainalls.
At some point in time, the contract states that Mrs. Fainall gives all her property to Mirabell.
At some point in time, the contract neutralises Fainall's blackmail attempts.
At some point in time, Mirabell restores Mrs. Fainall's property to her possession.
At some point in time, Mirabell is then free to marry Millamant with the full £6000 inheritance.