At some point in time, Sleepy Hollow is a secluded glen.
At some point in time, Sleepy Hollow is known by the name of Sleepy Hollow.
At some point in time, Sleepy Hollow has a drowsy, dreamy influence.
At some point in time, Sleepy Hollow has a peculiar character of its inhabitants.
At some point in time, the inhabitants of Sleepy Hollow are descendants from the original Dutch settlers.
The story is set in 1790.
The story takes place in the countryside around the Dutch settlement of Tarry Town.
At some point in time, Tarry Town is historically known as Tarrytown, New York.
At some point in time, Sleepy Hollow is renowned for its ghosts.
At some point in time, Sleepy Hollow has a haunting atmosphere.
At some point in time, the haunting atmosphere pervades the imaginations of the inhabitants of Sleepy Hollow.
At some point in time, some residents say that Sleepy Hollow was bewitched during the early days of the Dutch settlement.
At some point in time, other residents say that an old Native American chief held his powwows in Sleepy Hollow.
At some point in time, the old Native American chief was the wizard of his tribe.
At some point in time, the country was discovered by Master Hendrick Hudson.
At some point in time, the most infamous spectre in Sleepy Hollow is the Headless Horseman.
At some point in time, the Headless Horseman is said to be the ghost of a Hessian trooper.
At some point in time, the Hessian trooper had his head shot off by a stray cannonball.
At some point in time, the stray cannonball was fired during "some nameless battle" of the American Revolutionary War.
At some point in time, the Headless Horseman rides forth to the scene of battle in nightly quest of his head.
At some point in time, the "Legend" relates the tale of Ichabod Crane.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane is a lean, lanky, and extremely superstitious schoolmaster.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane is from Connecticut.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane competes with Abraham "Brom Bones" Van Brunt for the hand of Katrina Van Tassel.
At some point in time, Katrina Van Tassel is 18 years old.
At some point in time, Katrina Van Tassel is the daughter and sole child of Baltus Van Tassel.
At some point in time, Baltus Van Tassel is a wealthy farmer.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane sees marriage to Katrina as a means of procuring Baltus Van Tassel's extravagant wealth.
At some point in time, Brom Bones is the local hero.
At some point in time, Brom Bones vies with Ichabod Crane for Katrina's hand.
At some point in time, Brom Bones plays a series of pranks on Ichabod Crane.
At some point in time, the fate of Sleepy Hollow's fortune weighs in the balance for some time.
At some point in time, the tension between Ichabod Crane, Brom Bones, and Katrina Van Tassel is soon brought to a head.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane attends a harvest party at the Van Tassels' homestead.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane dances at the harvest party.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane partakes in the feast at the harvest party.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane listens to ghostly legends told by Brom Bones and the locals at the harvest party.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane's true aim is to propose to Katrina Van Tassel after the guests leave.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane's intentions are ill-fated.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane rides home heavy-hearted and crestfallen.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane rides through the woods between Baltus Van Tassel's farmstead and the Sleepy Hollow settlement.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane passes several purportedly haunted spots.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane's imagination is engorged by the ghost stories told at Baltus Van Tassel's harvest party.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane nervously passes under a lightning-stricken tulip tree.
At some point in time, the lightning-stricken tulip tree is purportedly haunted by the ghost of British spy Major André.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane encounters a cloaked rider at an intersection in a menacing swamp.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane is unsettled by the cloaked rider's eerie size and silence.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane discovers that the cloaked rider's head is not on his shoulders.
At some point in time, the cloaked rider's head is on his saddle.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane races to the bridge adjacent to the Old Dutch Burying Ground.
At some point in time, the Hessian is said to vanish in a flash of fire and brimstone upon crossing the bridge.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane rides for his life.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane desperately goads his temperamental plow horse down the Hollow.
At some point in time, the ghoul clambers over the bridge.
At some point in time, the ghoul rears his horse.
At some point in time, the ghoul hurls his severed head into Ichabod Crane's terrified face.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane mysteriously disappears from town the next morning.
At some point in time, Katrina Van Tassel marries Brom Bones.
At some point in time, Brom Bones was said to look exceedingly knowing whenever the story of Ichabod Crane was related.
At some point in time, the only relics of Ichabod Crane's flight are his wandering horse, trampled saddle, discarded hat, and a mysterious shattered pumpkin.
At some point in time, Ichabod Crane rides leisurely.
At some point in time, the nature of the Headless Horseman is left open to interpretation.
At some point in time, the story implies that the ghost was really Brom Bones in disguise.
At some point in time, Irving's narrator states that the old Dutch wives continue to promote the belief that Ichabod Crane was spirited away by supernatural means.
At some point in time, a legend develops around Ichabod Crane's disappearance.
At some point in time, a legend develops around sightings of Ichabod Crane's melancholy spirit.