At some point in time, the narrative begins with the auction by the US Government of fictional Spencer Island.
At some point in time, Spencer Island is located 460 miles off the California coast.
At some point in time, Spencer Island is located at coordinates 32°15′N 145°18′W.
At some point in time, Spencer Island is uninhabited.
At some point in time, there are only two bidders for Spencer Island.
At some point in time, William W. Kolderup is a very wealthy San Franciscan.
At some point in time, J. R. Taskinar is a resident of Stockton, California.
At some point in time, William W. Kolderup wins the auction for Spencer Island.
At some point in time, William W. Kolderup buys Spencer Island for four million dollars.
At some point in time, William W. Kolderup is Godfrey's father.
At some point in time, J. R. Taskinar mutters, "I will be avenged!"
At some point in time, Godfrey is an idle twenty-two-year-old.
At some point in time, Godfrey lives with William W. Kolderup.
At some point in time, Godfrey lives with Kolderup's adopted goddaughter, Phina.
At some point in time, Godfrey has grown to love Phina.
At some point in time, Godfrey asks to undertake a world tour before marrying Phina.
At some point in time, William W. Kolderup accedes to Godfrey's desire.
At some point in time, William W. Kolderup sends Godfrey on a sea voyage around the world.
At some point in time, Godfrey travels on board one of Kolderup's steamships, the Dream.
At some point in time, Captain Turcott commands the Dream.
At some point in time, Godfrey is accompanied by his mentor, teacher, and dance instructor, Professor T. Artelett.
At some point in time, Professor T. Artelett is also known as "Tartlet."
At some point in time, Godfrey is awakened one foggy night.
At some point in time, Godfrey is told to abandon ship.
At some point in time, the Dream is foundering.
At some point in time, Godfrey jumps into the sea.
At some point in time, Godfrey is washed ashore on a deserted island.
At some point in time, Tartlet has also been marooned on the deserted island.
At some point in time, Godfrey has scant help from Tartlet.
At some point in time, Godfrey will have to learn to survive on the deserted island.
At some point in time, Godfrey will have to organize his life on the deserted island.
At some point in time, Godfrey will have to face hostile intruders on the deserted island.
At some point in time, Godfrey will have to overcome other obstacles on the deserted island.
At some point in time, Carefinotu is joined by Godfrey and Tartlet on the deserted island.
At some point in time, Godfrey rescues Carefinotu from Polynesians visiting the island.
At some point in time, by the end of the story, Godfrey has discovered the value of independent effort.
At some point in time, Godfrey gains poise and courage by the end of the story.
At some point in time, the marooned group is rescued.
At some point in time, the marooned group is returned to San Francisco.
At some point in time, Godfrey is reunited with Phina in San Francisco.
At some point in time, Godfrey and Phina agree to marry before continuing the world tour.
At some point in time, Godfrey and Phina will continue the world tour together.