At some point in time, Nordau begins his work with a "medical" and social interpretation of what has created degeneration in society.
At some point in time, Nordau divides his study into five books.
At some point in time, in the first book, Nordau identifies the phenomenon of fin de siècle in Europe.
At some point in time, Nordau sees the phenomenon of fin de siècle as first being recognized in France.
At some point in time, Nordau describes the phenomenon of fin de siècle as "a contempt for the traditional views of custom and morality".
At some point in time, Nordau sees the phenomenon of fin de siècle as a sort of decadence.
At some point in time, Nordau sees the phenomenon of fin de siècle as a world-weariness.
At some point in time, Nordau sees the phenomenon of fin de siècle as the wilful rejection of the moral boundaries governing the world.
At some point in time, Nordau uses examples from French periodicals and books in French to show how the phenomenon of fin de siècle has affected all elements of society.
At some point in time, Nordau accuses society of becoming more inclined to imitate what society sees in art.
At some point in time, Nordau sees that every single figure in fashionable society of Paris and London strives visibly by some singularity in outline, set, cut, or colour to startle attention violently.
At some point in time, Nordau sees that every single figure in fashionable society of Paris and London strives imperiously to detain attention.
At some point in time, Nordau sees that each figure wishes to create a sense of calm and tranquility, regardless of whether it is agreeable or disagreeable.
At some point in time, Nordau establishes the cultural phenomenon of fin de siècle in the opening pages of his work.
At some point in time, Nordau quickly moves to the viewpoint of a physician.
At some point in time, Nordau identifies what he sees as an illness in the fin-de-siècle disposition.
At some point in time, Nordau identifies tendencies of contemporary art and poetry as an illness.
At some point in time, Nordau identifies the life and conduct of men who write mystic, symbolic, and 'decadent' works as an illness.
At some point in time, Nordau identifies the attitude taken by admirers of mystic, symbolic, and 'decadent' works as an illness.
At some point in time, Nordau identifies the tastes and aesthetic instincts of fashionable society as an illness.
At some point in time, Nordau identifies the confluence of degeneration and hysteria as two well-defined conditions of disease.
At some point in time, Nordau identifies the minor stages of degeneration and hysteria as neurasthenia.
At some point in time, the book deals with numerous case studies of various artists, writers, and thinkers.
At some point in time, the book includes case studies of Oscar Wilde, Henrik Ibsen, Richard Wagner, and Friedrich Nietzsche.
At some point in time, the basic premise of Nordau's work remains that society and human beings themselves are degenerating.
At some point in time, Nordau claims that this degeneration is both reflected in and influenced by art.
At some point in time, Hannah Arendt refers to late 19th Century French society as embracing unusual or exotic types or individuals.
At some point in time, Hannah Arendt identifies criminals, Gypsies, and Turks as unusual or exotic types or individuals in late 19th Century French society.
At some point in time, Hannah Arendt identifies certain others formerly not seen as socially acceptable in late 19th Century French society.
At some point in time, Nordau's position is not novel or isolated as social criticism.
At some point in time, the original article's text comports quite closely to Howard Fertig, NY 1960.
At some point in time, during the time of Nordau's writing, physical, physiognomic, or mechanical factors were regarded as causative in mental aberrations and malfunctions.
At some point in time, the symbolic or mythic approaches later implemented by Freud and Jung made no part of Nordau's understanding of the human psyche.