At some point in time, the novel begins with the narrator, Jenny.
At some point in time, Jenny describes her cousin by marriage, Kitty Baldry.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry is pining in the abandoned nursery.
At some point in time, the abandoned nursery is where Kitty Baldry's dead first son would have been raised.
At some point in time, Jenny and Kitty Baldry are occupied with the domestic management of the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, the Baldry estate is located just outside London.
At some point in time, Jenny and Kitty Baldry are almost completely removed from the horrors of World War I. The only exception is that Chris Baldry is a British soldier.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry is fighting in France.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey arrives at the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey wishes to bear news to Jenny and Kitty Baldry.
At some point in time, Jenny and Kitty Baldry are surprised to find a drab middle-aged woman.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey tells Jenny and Kitty Baldry that the War Office sent her notification of Chris Baldry's injury and return home.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry dismisses Margaret Grey from the estate.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry tries to deny that she could have been the recipient of such information.
At some point in time, another cousin of Jenny notifies Jenny and Kitty Baldry that he has visited Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry is obsessing over Margaret Grey.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry had a summer fling with Margaret Grey fifteen years before.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry returns shell-shocked to the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry thinks he is still twenty years old.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry finds himself in a strange world.
At some point in time, the strange world has aged fifteen years beyond Chris Baldry's memory.
At some point in time, Jenny asks Chris Baldry to explain what he is feeling to be true.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry tells Jenny the story of a romantic summer on Monkey Island.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry fell in love with Margaret Grey at the age of twenty.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey is the daughter of the innkeeper on Monkey Island.
At some point in time, the summer ends with a rash departure by Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, the rash departure is caused by a fit of jealousy.
At some point in time, Jenny travels to nearby Wealdstone.
At some point in time, Jenny travels to bring Margaret Grey back to Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Jenny wants to help Chris Baldry understand the difference between his remembered past and reality.
At some point in time, Jenny arrives at Margaret Grey's dilapidated row-house.
At some point in time, Jenny finds Margaret Grey disheveled.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey is taking care of her husband.
At some point in time, Jenny convinces Margaret Grey to return with her to the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, Jenny wants Margaret Grey to help Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, upon Margaret Grey's return, Chris Baldry recognizes her.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry becomes excited upon recognizing Margaret Grey.
At some point in time, before returning to her home, Margaret Grey explains that fifteen years have passed since their Monkey Island summer.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry is now married to Kitty Baldry.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry acknowledges the passage of time intellectually.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry cannot retrieve his memories.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry still pines for Margaret Grey.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey continues to visit.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry and Jenny despair about Chris Baldry's loss of memory.
At some point in time, Jenny and Kitty Baldry decide to consult Dr. Gilbert Anderson.
At some point in time, Dr. Gilbert Anderson is a psychoanalyst.
At some point in time, Dr. Gilbert Anderson arrives during one of Margaret Grey's visits.
At some point in time, Dr. Gilbert Anderson questions Jenny and Kitty Baldry.
At some point in time, Dr. Gilbert Anderson decides on a course of treatment with the help of Margaret Grey.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey must confront Chris Baldry with proof of his dead child.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey retrieves toys and some of the child's clothing.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey confronts Chris Baldry with the truth.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry regains his memory.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey departs.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry rejoices in Chris Baldry's return to a state fit to be a soldier.