At some point in time, The Cossacks is believed to be somewhat autobiographical.
At some point in time, The Cossacks is partially based on Leo Tolstoy's experiences in the Caucasus during the last stages of the Caucasian War.
At some point in time, Leo Tolstoy had a morally corrupt experience in his youth.
At some point in time, Leo Tolstoy engaged in numerous promiscuous partners in his youth.
At some point in time, Leo Tolstoy had heavy drinking problems in his youth.
At some point in time, Leo Tolstoy had gambling problems in his youth.
At some point in time, many people argue Leo Tolstoy used his own past as inspiration for the protagonist Dmitri Olenin.
At some point in time, nobleman Dmitri Olenin joins the army as a cadet.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin joins the army in the hopes of escaping the superficiality of his daily life.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin hopes to find serenity among the "simple" people of the Caucasus.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin naively hopes to find "completeness."
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin attempts to immerse himself in the local culture.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin befriends an old man.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin and the old man drink wine together.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin and the old man curse together.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin and the old man hunt pheasant together.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin and the old man hunt boar together.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin begins to dress in the manner of a Cossack.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin forgets himself.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin falls in love with the young Maryanka.
At some point in time, Maryanka has a fiancé named Lukashka.
At some point in time, while spending life as a Cossack, Dmitri Olenin learns lessons about his own inner life.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin learns lessons about moral philosophy.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin learns lessons about the nature of reality.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin understands the intricacies of human psychology.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin understands the nature of humanity.
At some point in time, young idealist Dmitri Olenin leaves Moscow.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin hopes to start a new life in the Caucasus.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin slowly becomes enamored by the surroundings in the stanitsa.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin despises his previous existence.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin befriends the old Cossack Eroshka.
At some point in time, Eroshka goes hunting with Dmitri Olenin.
At some point in time, Eroshka finds Dmitri Olenin a good fellow because of Dmitri Olenin's propensity to drinking.
At some point in time, young Cossack Luka kills a Chechen.
At some point in time, the Chechen is trying to come across the river towards the village to scout the Cossacks.
At some point in time, Luka gains much respect for killing the Chechen.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin falls in love with the maid Maryanka.
At some point in time, Maryanka is to be wed to Luka later in the story.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin tries to stop his emotion for Maryanka.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin convinces himself that he loves both Luka and Maryanka.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin loves Luka and Maryanka for their simplicity.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin decides that happiness can only come to a man who constantly gives to others with no thought of self-gratification.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin gives an extra horse to Luka.
At some point in time, Luka accepts the present.
At some point in time, Luka does not trust Dmitri Olenin's motives.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin gains the respect of the local villagers.
At some point in time, another Russian named Beletsky comes to the village.
At some point in time, Beletsky is still attached to the ways of Moscow.
At some point in time, Beletsky partially corrupts Dmitri Olenin's ideals.
At some point in time, Beletsky convinces Dmitri Olenin to attempt to win Maryanka's love.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin approaches Maryanka several times.
At some point in time, Luka hears about Dmitri Olenin's attempts from a Cossack.
At some point in time, Luka does not invite Dmitri Olenin to the betrothal party.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin spends the night with Eroshka.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin decides that he will not give up on Maryanka.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin attempts to win Maryanka's heart again.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin asks Maryanka to marry him in a moment of passion.
At some point in time, Maryanka says she will answer Dmitri Olenin soon.
At some point in time, Luka remains unharmed when he and a group of Cossacks confront a group of Chechens.
At some point in time, the Chechens are trying to attack the village.
At some point in time, the group of Chechens includes the brother of the man Luka killed earlier.
At some point in time, the Chechens lose after the Cossacks take a cart to block their bullets.
At some point in time, the brother of the slain Chechen manages to shoot Luka in the belly.
At some point in time, Luka is close by when he is shot.
At some point in time, Luka is being cared for by village people.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin approaches Maryanka to ask her to marry him.
At some point in time, Maryanka angrily refuses Dmitri Olenin's proposal.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin realizes that his first impression of Maryanka's inaccessibility had been perfectly correct.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin asks his company commander to leave.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin asks to join the staff.
At some point in time, Dmitri Olenin says goodbye to Eroshka.
At some point in time, Eroshka is the only villager who sees Dmitri Olenin off.
At some point in time, Eroshka is emotional towards Dmitri Olenin.
At some point in time, after Dmitri Olenin takes off and looks back, he sees that Eroshka has apparently already forgotten about him.
At some point in time, Eroshka has gotten back to normal life.