At some point in time, events take place in a fictional country called Laurania.
At some point in time, Laurania is located somewhere on the Mediterranean Sea.
At some point in time, Laurania is similar to Italy or Spain.
At some point in time, Laurania has an overlay of Victorian England.
At some point in time, Laurania has an African colony.
At some point in time, the African colony can be reached via the Suez Canal.
At some point in time, Laurania has been a republic for many years.
At some point in time, Laurania has a well-established constitution.
At some point in time, five years previously, in 1883, Laurania was split by a civil war.
At some point in time, General Antonio Molara became President and Dictator of Laurania as a result of the civil war.
At some point in time, unrest has arisen because of General Antonio Molara's refusal to restore parliamentary rule.
At some point in time, the final events of General Antonio Molara's dictatorship are described in the book.
At some point in time, the story opens with a description of the capital of Laurania.
At some point in time, fast-moving political events occur in the capital of Laurania.
At some point in time, General Antonio Molara has bowed to popular pressure for elections.
At some point in time, General Antonio Molara intends to hold elections based on a grossly amended electoral register.
At some point in time, Savrola is seen as the leader of the revolutionaries.
At some point in time, Savrola decides what the revolutionaries are to do.
At some point in time, Savrola presides over conflicting factions with differing aims.
At some point in time, despite the unrest, society in Laurania still proceeds on the surface in a genteel course.
At some point in time, state balls and society events occur in Laurania.
At some point in time, General Antonio Molara decides to ask his young and beautiful wife, Lucile, to attempt to seduce Savrola.
At some point in time, Lucile is to discover anything she can about Savrola's plans.
At some point in time, Lucile finds herself attracted to Savrola.
At some point in time, Lucile's loyalties become confused.
At some point in time, Lucile finds herself repulsed by Savrola.
At some point in time, events move from political maneuvering to street fighting when a rebel army invades Laurania.
At some point in time, Savrola knows about the rebel army and intended invasion.
At some point in time, Savrola has poor control over the rebel army.
At some point in time, the invasion has started without Savrola's knowledge or proper preparations.
At some point in time, both sides scramble for a fight during the invasion.
At some point in time, General Antonio Molara finds the country's regular troops refuse to obey his orders.
At some point in time, General Antonio Molara is obliged to despatch most of the loyal Republican Guard from the capital.
At some point in time, General Antonio Molara despatches the loyal Republican Guard to oppose the invaders.
At some point in time, General Antonio Molara is left with a much reduced force to hold the capital.
At some point in time, fierce street fighting takes place in the capital between the revolutionaries of the Popular Party and the Republican Guard.
At some point in time, the revolution culminates in the storming of the Presidential Palace.
At some point in time, General Antonio Molara dies on the steps of his palace.
At some point in time, the revolutionary allies start to break apart in the face of a threat by the Lauranian navy.
At some point in time, the Lauranian navy remains loyal to General Antonio Molara.
At some point in time, the Lauranian navy threatens to bombard the city unless Savrola is handed over to them.
At some point in time, the council of public safety decides the most expedient position would be to agree to the Lauranian navy's threat.
At some point in time, Savrola escapes attempts to arrest him.
At some point in time, Savrola flees with Lucile.
At some point in time, the city is subsequently bombarded when Savrola is not produced.
At some point in time, the last scene is of Savrola watching the destruction from outside the city.