At some point in time, Joseph Conrad's novella "Youth" begins with a narrator describing five men drinking claret around a mahogany table.
At some point in time, the five men are all veterans of the merchant navy.
At some point in time, the main character of "Youth" is Marlow.
At some point in time, Marlow tells the story of his first voyage to the East as second mate on board the Judea.
At some point in time, the story is set twenty-two years earlier.
At some point in time, Marlow was 20 years old during the time of the story.
At some point in time, Marlow has two years of experience in the merchant navy.
At some point in time, Marlow most recently served as third mate aboard a crack clipper.
At some point in time, Marlow receives a billet as second mate on the barque Judea.
At some point in time, the skipper of the Judea is Captain John Beard.
At some point in time, Captain John Beard is a man of about 60 years old.
At some point in time, this is Captain John Beard's first command.
At some point in time, the Judea is an old boat.
At some point in time, the Judea belongs to a man named Wilmer, Wilcox, or something similar.
At some point in time, the Judea is suffering from age and disuse in Shadewell basin.
At some point in time, the Judea is a 400-ton ship.
At some point in time, the Judea is commissioned to take 600 tons of coal from England to Thailand.
At some point in time, the trip from England to Thailand should take approximately 150 days.
At some point in time, the Judea leaves London loaded with sand ballast.
At some point in time, the Judea heads north to the Senn river to pick up the cargo of coal.
At some point in time, on her way, the Judea suffers from her ballast shifting aside.
At some point in time, the crew of the Judea goes below to put things right again.
At some point in time, the trip to the Senn river takes 16 days because of inclement weather.
At some point in time, the battered ship must use a tug boat to get into port.
At some point in time, the Judea waits a month on the Tyne to be loaded with coal.
At some point in time, the night before the Judea ships out, she is hit by a steamer.
At some point in time, the steamer that hits the Judea is named the Miranda or the Melissa.
At some point in time, the damage from the collision takes another three weeks to repair.
At some point in time, three months after leaving London, the Judea ships off for Bangkok.
At some point in time, the Judea travels through the North Sea and Britain.
At some point in time, 300 miles west of the Lizard, a winter storm hits the Judea.
At some point in time, the winter storm is referred to as 'the famous winter gale of twenty-two years ago'.
At some point in time, the storm "guts" the Judea.
At some point in time, the Judea is stripped of her stanchions, ventilators, bulwarks, cabin-door, and deck house during the storm.
At some point in time, the oakum is stripped from the bottom seams of the Judea.
At some point in time, the men are forced to work at the pumps "watch and watch" to keep the Judea afloat.
At some point in time, after weathering the storm, the crew must fight their way against the wind back to Falmouth to be refitted.
At some point in time, despite three attempts to leave, the Judea ultimately remains in Falmouth for more than six months.
At some point in time, the Judea is finally overhauled, recaulked, and refitted with a new copper hull.
At some point in time, during the laborious overhaul, the cargo is wetted, knocked about, and reloaded multiple times.
At some point in time, the rats abandon the reshipped barque.
At some point in time, a new crew is brought in from Liverpool because no sailor will sail on a ship abandoned by rats.
At some point in time, the Judea ships out to Bangkok.
At some point in time, the Judea runs at times 8 knots.
At some point in time, the Judea mostly averages 3 miles per hour.
At some point in time, near the coast of Western Australia, the cargo of the Judea spontaneously combusts.
At some point in time, the crew of the Judea attempts to smother the fire.
At some point in time, the hull of the Judea cannot be made airtight.
At some point in time, the crew attempts to flood the fire with water.
At some point in time, the crew cannot fill the hull with water.
At some point in time, one hundred and ninety miles out from Java Head, the gases in the hull explode.
At some point in time, the explosion blows up the deck of the Judea.
At some point in time, Marlow is hurled into the air and falls on the burning debris of the deck.
At some point in time, the Judea hails a passing steamer named the Sommerville.
At some point in time, the Sommerville agrees to tow the wounded ship to Anjer or Batavia.
At some point in time, Captain John Beard intends to scuttle the Judea at Anjer or Batavia to put out the fire.
At some point in time, Captain John Beard intends to resurface the Judea and resume the voyage to Bangkok.
At some point in time, the speed of the Sommerville fans the smoldering fire into flames.
At some point in time, the crew of the Judea is forced to send the Sommerville on without them.
At some point in time, the crew attempts to save possibly most of the ship's gear for the underwriters.
At some point in time, the gear is loaded into three small boats.
At some point in time, the three small boats head due north towards Java.
At some point in time, before the crew leaves the Judea, they enjoy a last meal on deck.
At some point in time, Marlow becomes skipper of the smallest of the ship's three boats.
At some point in time, all three boats make it safely into a Java port.
At some point in time, the crew books passage on the steamer Celestial.
At some point in time, the steamer Celestial is on her return trip to England.
At some point in time, the story of "Youth" is loosely based upon reality.
At some point in time, one of Joseph Conrad's pen-pals discovered the secret of the port at which the boats called.
At some point in time, the port at which the boats called is named Muntok.
At some point in time, Joseph Conrad was pleased with his pen-pal, calling Muntok 'a beastly hole'.
At some point in time, the boats of the real ship reached safety only after several hours.
At some point in time, Marlow was a bit younger than Joseph Conrad.