At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby is the widowed head of a family of field mice.
At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby's nephew, Timothy, is ill with pneumonia.
At some point in time, the farmer Mr. Fitzgibbon begins preparation for spring plowing in the garden.
At some point in time, the Frisby family lives in the garden.
At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby normally would move her family.
At some point in time, Timothy would not survive the cold trip to their summer home.
At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby obtains medicine from her friend Mr. Ages.
At some point in time, Mr. Ages is an older white mouse.
At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby saves the life of Jeremy, a young crow.
At some point in time, Jeremy is saved from Dragon, the farmer's cat.
At some point in time, Dragon is the same cat who killed Jonathan Frisby.
At some point in time, Jeremy suggests Mrs. Frisby seek help from an owl.
At some point in time, the owl dwells in the forest.
At some point in time, Jeremy flies Mrs. Frisby to the owl's tree.
At some point in time, the owl says he can't help Mrs. Frisby until he finds out she is the widow of Jonathan Frisby.
At some point in time, the owl suggests Mrs. Frisby seek help from the rats.
At some point in time, the rats live in a rosebush near Mrs. Frisby's home.
At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby discovers the rats have a literate society.
At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby discovers the rats have a mechanized society.
At some point in time, the rats have technology such as elevators.
At some point in time, the rats have tapped the electricity grid to provide lighting.
At some point in time, the rats have tapped the electricity grid to provide heating.
At some point in time, the rats have acquired human skills such as storing food for the winter.
At some point in time, Nicodemus is the leader of the rats.
At some point in time, Nicodemus tells Mrs. Frisby about the rats' capture by scientists.
At some point in time, the scientists work for a laboratory located at the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH).
At some point in time, the scientists performed experiments on the rats.
At some point in time, the experiments increased the rats' intelligence.
At some point in time, the increased intelligence allowed the rats to read.
At some point in time, the increased intelligence allowed the rats to write.
At some point in time, the increased intelligence allowed the rats to operate complicated machines.
At some point in time, the experiments enhanced the rats' longevity.
At some point in time, the experiments enhanced the rats' strength.
At some point in time, the increased intelligence and strength allowed the rats to escape from the NIMH laboratories.
At some point in time, the rats migrated to their present location.
At some point in time, Jonathan Frisby and Mr. Ages were the only two survivors of a group of eight mice.
At some point in time, the group of eight mice had been part of the experiments at NIMH.
At some point in time, Jonathan Frisby and Mr. Ages made the rats' escape possible.
At some point in time, out of respect for Jonathan Frisby, the rats agree to move Mrs. Frisby's house.
At some point in time, the new location will be safe from the plow.
At some point in time, Nicodemus tells Mrs. Frisby about "The Plan."
At some point in time, "The Plan" is to abandon their lifestyle of dependence on humans.
At some point in time, some rats regard dependence on humans as theft.
At some point in time, "The Plan" is to create a new, independent farming colony.
At some point in time, one rat, Jenner, disagreed with "The Plan."
At some point in time, Jenner left the colony with a group of followers.
At some point in time, Jenner left prior to Mrs. Frisby's arrival.
At some point in time, to move the Frisby home, the rats have to drug Dragon.
At some point in time, it is too dangerous to work in the open without any place to hide.
At some point in time, Mr. Ages has a broken leg.
At some point in time, Mr. Ages cannot dash to Dragon's bowl to put in the drug.
At some point in time, the other rats are too big to fit into the hole in the wall.
At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby volunteers to go into the hole.
At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby is caught by the family's son, Billy.
At some point in time, Billy puts Mrs. Frisby in a cage.
At some point in time, while captured, Mrs. Frisby overhears the Fitzgibbons discussing an incident.
At some point in time, the incident occurred at a nearby hardware store.
At some point in time, a group of rats were electrocuted at the hardware store.
At some point in time, the group of rats were seemingly attempting to steal a small motor.
At some point in time, the incident has attracted the attention of a group of men.
At some point in time, the group of men never identify themselves.
At some point in time, the group of men have offered to exterminate the rat colony on Fitzgibbon's land.
At some point in time, the extermination is offered free of charge for Mr. Fitzgibbon.
At some point in time, at night, Justin comes to save Mrs. Frisby.
At some point in time, Justin manages to get Mrs. Frisby out of the cage.
At some point in time, Mrs. Frisby warns Justin of what she learned while captured.
At some point in time, they assume that the rats at the hardware store were all from Jenner's group.
At some point in time, they assume that the group of men were from NIMH.
At some point in time, they assume that the group of men are looking for the rats specifically.
At some point in time, the successful house move allows the mouse family to remain.
At some point in time, Timothy recovers before the mouse family moves to their summer home.
At some point in time, the rats have not yet had time to move everything they needed for "The Plan."
At some point in time, the rats manage to destroy their underground rooms.
At some point in time, the rats create the illusion that they are just regular rats.
At some point in time, the rats place rubbish in the remaining rooms.
At some point in time, as the others move, ten rats stay behind.
At some point in time, the ten rats stay behind so the exterminators would not think the rat hole has been abandoned.
At some point in time, the exterminators fill the rat hole with poisonous gas.
At some point in time, eight of the ten rats manage to escape.
At some point in time, two rats die in the hole.
At some point in time, it is not revealed exactly who the two rats are.
At some point in time, once Timothy recovers, Mrs. Frisby and her family move to their summer home.
At some point in time, Martin makes plans to visit the rats when they return to their winter home again.