At some point in time, Cedric Errol lives in a shabby New York side street in the mid-1880s.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol lives with his mother, Mrs. Errol.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol and Mrs. Errol live in genteel poverty.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol's father is Captain Cedric Errol.
Captain Cedric Errol is deceased.
At some point in time, an English lawyer named Havisham visits Cedric Errol and Mrs. Errol.
At some point in time, Havisham has a message from Cedric Errol's grandfather.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol's grandfather is the Earl of Dorincourt.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt is an unruly millionaire.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt despises America.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt was very disappointed when his youngest son married an American lady.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol has inherited the title Lord Fauntleroy.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol is the heir to the earldom.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol is the heir to a vast estate.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt wants Cedric Errol to live in England.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt wants Cedric Errol to be educated as an English aristocrat.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt offers his son's widow a house.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt offers his son's widow a guaranteed income.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt refuses to have anything to do with his son's widow.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol's mother declines the Earl of Dorincourt's money.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt is impressed by the appearance of Cedric Errol.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt is impressed by the intelligence of Cedric Errol.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt is charmed by the innocent nature of Cedric Errol.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol believes his grandfather to be an honorable man.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol believes his grandfather to be a benefactor.
The Earl of Dorincourt cannot disappoint Cedric Errol.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt refuses to help his tenants.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt's refusal to help his tenants disappoints them.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt lets his tenants know that their benefactor is Cedric Errol.
At some point in time, a homeless bootblack named Dick Tipton tells Mr. Hobbs about his past.
At some point in time, Mr. Hobbs is a New York City grocer.
At some point in time, Dick Tipton's older brother is named Benjamin.
At some point in time, Benjamin married an awful woman after the death of their parents.
At some point in time, the awful woman got rid of Benjamin's only child after he was born.
At some point in time, the awful woman left Benjamin.
At some point in time, Benjamin moved to California to open a cattle ranch.
At some point in time, Dick Tipton ended up in the streets.
At some point in time, a neglected pretender to Cedric Errol's inheritance appears.
At some point in time, the pretender's mother claims that he is the offspring of the Earl of Dorincourt's eldest son.
At some point in time, the claim of the pretender is investigated by Dick Tipton and Benjamin.
At some point in time, Dick Tipton and Benjamin come to England.
At some point in time, Dick Tipton and Benjamin recognize the alleged heir's mother as Benjamin's former wife.
At some point in time, the alleged heir's mother flees.
At some point in time, the Tipton brothers do not see the alleged heir's mother again.
At some point in time, Benjamin goes back to his cattle ranch in California.
At some point in time, Benjamin happily raises his son by himself.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt is reconciled to his American daughter-in-law.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt realizes that his American daughter-in-law is far superior to the imposter.
At some point in time, the Earl of Dorincourt planned to teach Cedric Errol how to be an aristocrat.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol teaches his grandfather that an aristocrat should practice compassion towards those dependent on him.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol becomes the man he always innocently believed his grandfather to be.
At some point in time, Cedric Errol is happily reunited with his mother.
At some point in time, Mr. Hobbs decides to stay to help look after Cedric Errol.