At some point in time, Lucy Snowe is the protagonist of Villette.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe is 14 years old at the beginning of Villette.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe stays at the home of her godmother Mrs. Bretton.
At some point in time, Mrs. Bretton lives in "the clean and ancient town of Bretton" in England.
At some point in time, Mrs. Bretton has a son named John Graham Bretton.
At some point in time, the family calls John Graham Bretton "Graham."
At some point in time, a young visitor named Paulina Home is also in residence at Mrs. Bretton's home.
At some point in time, Paulina Home is called "Polly."
At some point in time, Polly develops a deep devotion to Graham.
At some point in time, Graham showers Polly with attention.
At some point in time, Polly's visit is cut short when her father arrives to take her away.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe leaves Mrs. Bretton's home a few weeks after Polly's departure.
At some point in time, an unspecified family tragedy leaves Lucy Snowe without family, home, or means.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe is hired as a caregiver by Miss Marchmont.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont is a rheumatic crippled woman.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe becomes accustomed to her work as a caregiver.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe begins to feel content with her quiet lifestyle.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont regains all her energy during an evening of dramatic weather changes.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont feels young again after regaining her energy.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont shares her sad love story with Lucy Snowe.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont concludes that she should treat Lucy better.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont believes that death will reunite her with her dead lover.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe finds Miss Marchmont dead the next morning.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe leaves the English countryside.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe goes to London.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe boards a ship for Labassecour at the age of 23.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe knows very little French when she boards the ship.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe travels to the city of Villette.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe finds employment as a bonne at Mme. Beck's boarding school for girls.
At some point in time, the boarding school for girls is based upon the Hégers' Brussels pensionnat.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe is hired to teach English at the school.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe has to mind Mme. Beck's three children.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe thrives despite Mme. Beck's constant surveillance of the staff and students.
At some point in time, "Dr. John" is a handsome English doctor.
At some point in time, "Dr. John" frequently visits the school because of his love for Ginevra Fanshawe.
At some point in time, "Dr. John" is later revealed to be John Graham Bretton.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe has known that "Dr. John" is John Graham Bretton.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe has deliberately concealed from the reader that "Dr. John" is John Graham Bretton.
At some point in time, Dr. John discovers Ginevra's unworthiness.
At some point in time, Dr. John turns his attention to Lucy Snowe after discovering Ginevra's unworthiness.
At some point in time, Dr. John and Lucy Snowe become close friends.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe values her friendship with Dr. John highly.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe usually has an emotional reserve.
At some point in time, Paulina Home is later known as Paulina Home de Bassompierre.
At some point in time, Paulina Home's father has inherited the title "de Bassompierre."
At some point in time, Paulina Home and Graham discover that they knew each other in the past.
At some point in time, Paulina Home and Graham renew their friendship.
At some point in time, Paulina Home and Graham fall in love.
At some point in time, Paulina Home and Graham eventually marry.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe becomes progressively closer to M. Paul Emanuel.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel is irascible, autocratic, and male chauvinist.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel is a relative of Mme. Beck.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe and M. Paul Emanuel do not fall in love.
At some point in time, a group of conspiring antagonists includes Mme. Beck, Père Silas, and the relatives of M. Paul's long-dead fiancée.
At some point in time, the group of conspiring antagonists works to keep Lucy Snowe and M. Paul Emanuel apart.
At some point in time, the group of conspiring antagonists succeeds in forcing M. Paul Emanuel's departure for the West Indies.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel is to oversee a plantation in the West Indies.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel declares his love for Lucy Snowe before his departure.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel arranges for Lucy Snowe to live independently as the headmistress of her own day school.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe later expands her day school into a pensionnat.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe has three encounters with the figure of a nun during the course of the novel.
At some point in time, the figure of a nun may be the ghost of a nun who was buried alive on the school's grounds.
At some point in time, the nun was buried alive as punishment for breaking her vow of chastity.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe discovers the "nun's" habit in her bed.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe destroys the "nun's" habit.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe later finds out that the "nun's" habit was a disguise worn by Alfred de Hamal.
At some point in time, the episodes with the nun contribute substantially to the novel's reputation as a gothic novel.
At some point in time, Villette's final pages are ambiguous.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe says that she wants to leave the reader free to imagine a happy ending.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe hints strongly that M. Paul's ship was destroyed by a storm during his return journey from the West Indies.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe states that "M. Emanuel was away three years."
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe states that "they were the three happiest years of my life."
At some point in time, the passage suggests that M. Paul Emanuel was drowned by the "destroying angel of tempest."
At some point in time, Brontë described the ambiguity of the ending as a "little puzzle."