At some point in time, McTeague is a dentist of limited intellect.
At some point in time, McTeague comes from a poor miner's family.
At some point in time, McTeague has opened a dentist shop on Polk Street in San Francisco.
McTeague's first name is never revealed.
At some point in time, other characters in the novel call McTeague simply "Mac."
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler is McTeague's best friend.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler brings his cousin, Trina Sieppe, to McTeague's parlor for dental work.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler is not interested in Trina Sieppe.
At some point in time, McTeague becomes infatuated with Trina Sieppe while working on her teeth.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler graciously steps aside for McTeague.
At some point in time, McTeague successfully woos Trina Sieppe.
At some point in time, McTeague and Trina Sieppe kiss and declare their love for each other.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe discovers that she has won $15,000 from a lottery ticket.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe's mother, Mrs. Sieppe, announces that McTeague and Trina Sieppe are to marry.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler becomes jealous of McTeague.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler claims that he has been cheated out of money.
At some point in time, the marriage between McTeague and Trina Sieppe takes place.
At some point in time, Mrs. Sieppe and the rest of Trina Sieppe's family move away from San Francisco.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe is left alone with McTeague.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe proves to be a parsimonious wife.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe refuses to touch the principal of her $15,000.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe invests her $15,000 with her uncle.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe insists that she and McTeague must live on the earnings from McTeague's dental practice.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe insists that she and McTeague must live on the small income from the $15,000 investment.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe insists that she and McTeague must live on the bit of money she earns from carving small wooden figures.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe earns money from selling small wooden figures of Noah's animals and his Ark in her uncle's shop.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe accumulates penny-pinched savings in a locked trunk.
At some point in time, the couple are happy.
At some point in time, the friendship between Marcus Schouler and McTeague deteriorates.
At some point in time, more than once, Marcus Schouler and McTeague come to grips.
At some point in time, each time McTeague's immense physical strength prevails.
At some point in time, McTeague breaks Marcus Schouler's arm in a fight.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler recovers from his injury.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler goes south intending to become a rancher.
At some point in time, before leaving, Marcus Schouler visits the McTeagues.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler and McTeague part apparently as friends.
At some point in time, catastrophe strikes when McTeague is debarred from practicing dentistry by the authorities.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler informs city hall that McTeague has no license or degree.
At some point in time, McTeague loses his dental practice.
At some point in time, McTeague and Trina Sieppe are forced to move into successively poorer quarters.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe becomes more and more miserly.
At some point in time, McTeague and Trina Sieppe's life together deteriorates.
At some point in time, McTeague takes all of Trina Sieppe's domestic savings.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe's domestic savings amount to $400 or roughly $10,000 in 2010 values.
At some point in time, McTeague abandons Trina Sieppe.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe falls completely under the spell of money.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe withdraws the principal of her prior winnings in gold from her uncle's firm.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe admires and handles the coins in her room.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe spreads the coins over her bed.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe rolls around in the coins on her bed.
At some point in time, McTeague returns destitute once more.
At some point in time, Trina Sieppe refuses to give McTeague money even for food.
At some point in time, McTeague is aggravated and made violent by whisky.
At some point in time, McTeague beats Trina Sieppe to death.
At some point in time, McTeague takes the entire hoard of gold.
At some point in time, McTeague heads out to a mining community that he had left years before.
At some point in time, McTeague senses pursuit.
At some point in time, McTeague makes his way south towards Mexico.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler hears of the murder.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler joins the hunt for McTeague.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler finally catches McTeague in Death Valley.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler and McTeague fight over McTeague's remaining water.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler and McTeague fight over Trina Sieppe's $15,000.
At some point in time, McTeague kills Marcus Schouler.
At some point in time, Marcus Schouler handcuffs himself to McTeague as he dies.
At some point in time, the final image of the novel is one of McTeague stranded, alone and helpless.
At some point in time, McTeague is left with only the company of Marcus Schouler's corpse.
At some point in time, McTeague is handcuffed to Marcus Schouler's corpse.
At some point in time, McTeague is in the desolate, arid waste of Death Valley.