At some point in time, Helen Carey dies.
At some point in time, Helen Carey is the mother of nine-year-old Philip Carey.
At some point in time, Philip Carey has a club foot.
At some point in time, Philip Carey's father died a few months before Helen Carey died.
At some point in time, Philip Carey is orphaned.
At some point in time, Philip Carey is sent to live with Louisa Carey and William Carey.
At some point in time, Louisa Carey is Philip Carey's aunt.
At some point in time, William Carey is Philip Carey's uncle.
At some point in time, early chapters relate Philip Carey's experiences at William Carey's vicarage.
At some point in time, Louisa Carey tries to be a mother to Philip Carey.
At some point in time, William Carey takes a cold disposition towards Philip Carey.
At some point in time, William Carey has a vast collection of books.
At some point in time, Philip Carey enjoys reading to find ways to escape his mundane existence.
At some point in time, less than a year later, Philip Carey is sent to a boarding school.
At some point in time, William Carey and Louisa Carey wish for Philip Carey to eventually attend Oxford.
At some point in time, Philip Carey's disability makes it difficult for him to fit in with the other students.
At some point in time, Philip Carey is informed that he could have earned a scholarship for Oxford.
At some point in time, William Carey sees attending Oxford as a wise course for Philip Carey.
At some point in time, the school headmaster sees attending Oxford as a wise course for Philip Carey.
At some point in time, Philip Carey insists on going to Germany.
At some point in time, Philip Carey lives at a boarding house in Germany.
At some point in time, Philip Carey lives with other foreigners in Germany.
At some point in time, Philip Carey hates his stay in Germany.
At some point in time, Philip Carey's guardians decide to take matters into their own hands.
At some point in time, Philip Carey's guardians persuade Philip Carey to move to London.
At some point in time, Philip Carey takes up an apprenticeship in London.
At some point in time, Philip Carey does not fare well at his apprenticeship in London.
At some point in time, Philip Carey's co-workers resent him.
At some point in time, Philip Carey's co-workers believe he is a "gentleman."
At some point in time, Philip Carey goes on a business trip to Paris with one of his managers.
At some point in time, Philip Carey is inspired by the trip to study art in France.
At some point in time, Philip Carey attends art classes in France.
At some point in time, Philip Carey makes new friends in France.
At some point in time, Fanny Price is a poor and determined art student.
At some point in time, Fanny Price is talentless.
At some point in time, Fanny Price does not get along well with people.
At some point in time, Fanny Price falls in love with Philip Carey.
At some point in time, Philip Carey does not know that Fanny Price loves him.
At some point in time, Philip Carey has no romantic feelings for Fanny Price.
At some point in time, Fanny Price commits suicide.
At some point in time, Philip Carey realizes that he will never be a professional artist.
At some point in time, Philip Carey returns to William Carey's house in England.
At some point in time, Philip Carey studies medicine.
At some point in time, Philip Carey pursues his late father's field.
At some point in time, Philip Carey struggles at medical school.
At some point in time, Mildred is working as a waitress in a tea shop.
At some point in time, Philip Carey falls desperately in love with Mildred.
At some point in time, Philip Carey and Mildred date regularly.
At some point in time, Mildred does not show any affection for Philip Carey.
At some point in time, Mildred tells Philip Carey she is getting married to another man.
At some point in time, Mildred's announcement leaves Philip Carey heartbroken.
At some point in time, Philip Carey enters into an affair with Norah Nesbit.
At some point in time, Norah Nesbit is a kind and sensitive author of penny romance novels.
At some point in time, Mildred returns, pregnant.
At some point in time, Mildred confesses that the man for whom she had abandoned Philip Carey never married her.
At some point in time, Philip Carey breaks off his relationship with Norah Nesbit.
At some point in time, Philip Carey supports Mildred financially.
At some point in time, Philip Carey can ill afford to support Mildred financially.
At some point in time, after Mildred has her baby, she falls in love with Harry Griffiths.
At some point in time, Mildred runs away with Harry Griffiths.
At some point in time, about a year later, Philip Carey runs into Mildred again.
At some point in time, Philip Carey feels sympathy for Mildred.
At some point in time, Philip Carey takes Mildred in again.
At some point in time, Philip Carey no longer loves Mildred.
At some point in time, Philip Carey becomes attached to Mildred's baby.
At some point in time, Mildred makes advances towards Philip Carey.
At some point in time, Philip Carey rejects Mildred's advances.
At some point in time, Mildred becomes angry with Philip Carey.
At some point in time, Mildred destroys most of Philip Carey's belongings.
At some point in time, Mildred leaves Philip Carey forever.
At some point in time, Philip Carey leaves the house for good.
At some point in time, Philip Carey meets Mildred towards the end of the novel.
At some point in time, Mildred summons Philip Carey for his medical opinion.
At some point in time, Mildred is probably suffering from syphilis.
At some point in time, Mildred's syphilis results from her work as a prostitute.
At some point in time, Philip Carey advises Mildred to give up her life as a prostitute.
At some point in time, Mildred declines Philip Carey's advice.
At some point in time, Mildred's fate remains unknown.
At some point in time, Philip Carey works at a hospital.
At some point in time, Philip Carey befriends Thorpe Athelny.
At some point in time, Thorpe Athelny is a family man.
At some point in time, Thorpe Athelny has lived in Toledo, Spain.
At some point in time, Thorpe Athelny is enthusiastic about Spain.
At some point in time, Thorpe Athelny is translating the works of St. John of the Cross.
At some point in time, Philip Carey invests in mines.
At some point in time, Philip Carey is left nearly penniless because of events surrounding the Boer War.
At some point in time, Philip Carey is unable to pay his rent.
At some point in time, Philip Carey wanders the streets for several days.
At some point in time, the Athelnys take Philip Carey in.
At some point in time, the Athelnys find Philip Carey a department store job.
At some point in time, Philip Carey hates his job at the department store.
At some point in time, Philip Carey's talent for drawing is discovered.
At some point in time, Philip Carey receives a promotion at the department store.
At some point in time, Philip Carey receives a raise in salary.
At some point in time, Philip Carey's time at the department store is short-lived.
At some point in time, William Carey dies.
At some point in time, Philip Carey inherits enough money to finish his medical studies.
At some point in time, Philip Carey becomes a licensed doctor.
At some point in time, Philip Carey takes on a temporary placement at a hospital with Dr. South.
At some point in time, Dr. South is an old, cantankerous physician.
At some point in time, Dr. South's wife is dead.
At some point in time, Dr. South's daughter has broken off contact with him.
At some point in time, Dr. South takes a shine to Philip Carey's humour.
At some point in time, Dr. South takes a shine to Philip Carey's personable nature.
At some point in time, Dr. South offers Philip Carey a partnership in his medical practice.
At some point in time, Philip Carey is flattered by Dr. South's offer.
At some point in time, Philip Carey refuses Dr. South's offer.
At some point in time, Philip Carey refuses Dr. South's offer because of his plans to visit Spain.
At some point in time, Philip Carey goes on a small summer vacation with the Athelnys.
At some point in time, Philip Carey goes hop-picking in the Kent countryside.
At some point in time, one of Thorpe Athelny's daughters, Sally, likes Philip Carey.
At some point in time, Philip Carey and Sally have sex one evening.
At some point in time, Sally thinks she is pregnant.
At some point in time, Philip Carey decides to marry Sally.
At some point in time, Philip Carey decides to accept Dr. South's offer.
At some point in time, Philip Carey decides to marry Sally instead of traveling the world.
At some point in time, Philip Carey and Sally meet in the National Gallery.
At some point in time, Philip Carey learns that Sally's pregnancy was a false alarm.
At some point in time, Philip Carey becomes engaged to Sally.
At some point in time, Philip Carey concludes that the simplest pattern of life is the most perfect.
At some point in time, Philip Carey stops searching for happiness.
At some point in time, Philip Carey decides to be content with his lot.