At some point in time, the story is told from the point of view of a first-person narrator.
At some point in time, little is revealed about the first-person narrator before the final pages.
At some point in time, an extended meditation appears on the nature of human names.
At some point in time, the meditation includes the name Z. Marcas specifically.
At some point in time, the name Z. Marcas is composed of two syllables.
At some point in time, the name Z. Marcas has a sinister significance.
At some point in time, the man who bears the name Z. Marcas must be martyrized.
At some point in time, the name Z. Marcas has the right to go to posterity.
At some point in time, the name Z. Marcas is well composed.
At some point in time, the name Z. Marcas is easily pronounced.
At some point in time, the name Z. Marcas has brevity that is suitable for famous names.
At some point in time, the construction of the letter Z has an adverse influence.
At some point in time, the letter Z prefigures the wayward and fantastic progress of a storm-tossed life.
At some point in time, the narrator, Charles, lives with his friend Juste.
At some point in time, Charles and Juste live in a large boarding house.
At some point in time, the boarding house is populated almost entirely with students.
At some point in time, Charles is studying law.
At some point in time, Juste is studying medicine.
At some point in time, the sole exception in the boarding house is their middle-aged neighbor, Z. Marcas.
At some point in time, Charles and Juste see Z. Marcas only in momentary glimpses in the hall.
At some point in time, Charles and Juste learn that Z. Marcas is a copyist.
At some point in time, Z. Marcas is living on an extremely small salary.
At some point in time, when the students lack funds for tobacco, Z. Marcas offers them some of his own.
At some point in time, Charles and Juste become friends with Z. Marcas.
At some point in time, Z. Marcas tells Charles and Juste the story of his political career.
At some point in time, Marcas recognized at an early age that he had an incisive mind for politics.
At some point in time, Marcas allied himself with an unnamed man of some fame.
At some point in time, the unnamed man of some fame lacked wisdom and insight.
At some point in time, Marcas and the unnamed man became a team.
At some point in time, the unnamed man served as the public face.
At some point in time, Marcas served as the advisor.
At some point in time, once the unnamed man ascended into office, he abandoned Marcas.
At some point in time, the unnamed man hired Marcas and then abandoned him again.
At some point in time, Marcas was left poor and unknown.
At some point in time, Marcas was resigned to duplicate the writing of others for very little pay.
At some point in time, the politician friend of Marcas seeks his help for a third time.
At some point in time, Marcas is dismissive of the politician friend.
At some point in time, the students convince Marcas to give the process one last chance.
At some point in time, after three months, Marcas appears at the boarding house again.
At some point in time, Marcas appears sick and exhausted.
At some point in time, the politician never visits Marcas.
At some point in time, Marcas soon dies.
At some point in time, the students are the only mourners at Marcas's funeral.
At some point in time, the students leave France disheartened by the tragedy.