At some point in time, the story begins in 1647.
At some point in time, King Charles I has been defeated in the civil war.
At some point in time, King Charles I has fled from London towards the New Forest.
At some point in time, Parliamentary soldiers have been sent to search the New Forest.
At some point in time, Parliamentary soldiers decide to burn Arnwood.
At some point in time, Arnwood is the house of Colonel Beverley.
At some point in time, Colonel Beverley is a Cavalier officer.
At some point in time, Colonel Beverley was killed at the Battle of Naseby.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood are Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood are believed to have died in the flames.
At some point in time, Jacob Armitage saves the four orphan children of Arnwood.
At some point in time, Jacob Armitage is a local verderer.
At some point in time, Jacob Armitage hides the four orphan children of Arnwood in his isolated cottage.
At some point in time, Jacob Armitage disguises the four orphan children of Arnwood as his apprentices.
At some point in time, under Jacob Armitage's guidance, the four orphan children of Arnwood adapt from an aristocratic lifestyle.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood adapt to that of simple foresters.
At some point in time, after Jacob Armitage's death, Edward takes charge.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood develop and expand the farmstead.
At some point in time, Humphrey aids in the development and expansion of the farmstead.
At some point in time, Humphrey has an entrepreneurial spirit.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood are assisted by a gypsy boy named Pablo.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood rescue Pablo from a pitfall trap.
At some point in time, a sub-plot involves a hostile Puritan gamekeeper named Corbould.
At some point in time, Corbould seeks to harm Edward and his family.
At some point in time, Edward encounters a sympathetic Puritan named Heatherstone.
At some point in time, Heatherstone is placed in charge of the Royal land in the New Forest.
At some point in time, Edward rescues Heatherstone's daughter, Patience, in a house-fire.
At some point in time, Edward leaves the cottage.
At some point in time, Edward works as a secretary for Heatherstone.
At some point in time, Edward maintains the pretence that he is the grandson of Jacob Armitage.
At some point in time, Edward eventually joins the army of the future King Charles II.
At some point in time, Edward returns to the New Forest after the Royalist defeat at the Battle of Worcester.
At some point in time, Edward learns that Heatherstone has been awarded the old Arnwood estate.
At some point in time, Edward is disillusioned by Heatherstone's award of the old Arnwood estate.
At some point in time, Edward is disillusioned by Patience's apparent rejection of his declarations of love.
At some point in time, Edward flees to France.
At some point in time, Edward's sisters are sent away to be brought up as aristocratic ladies.
At some point in time, Edward's brother continues to live in the New Forest.
At some point in time, Edward learns that Patience loves him.
At some point in time, Edward learns that Heatherstone acquired the Arnwood estate for him.
At some point in time, Edward works as a mercenary soldier in exile.
At some point in time, Edward and Patience are reunited after the Restoration.