At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher is a frog.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher lives in a damp little house.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher's house is amongst the buttercups.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher's house is at the edge of a pond.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher's larder is slippy-sloppy with water.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher's back passage is slippy-sloppy with water.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher likes getting his feet wet.
No one ever scolds Jeremy Fisher.
Jeremy Fisher never catches cold.
At some point in time, one day, Jeremy Fisher finds it raining.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher decides to go fishing.
At some point in time, if Jeremy Fisher catches more than five minnows, Jeremy Fisher will invite his friends to dinner.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher puts on a Macintosh.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher puts on shiny Galoshes.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher takes his rod.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher takes his basket.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher sets off with enormous hops.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher goes to the place where he keeps his lily-pad boat.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher poles to a place he knows is good for minnows.
At some point in time, once at the place, Jeremy Fisher sits cross-legged on his lily-pad.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher arranges his tackle.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher has the dearest little red float.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher's rod is a stalk of grass.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher's line is a horsehair.
At some point in time, an hour passes without a nibble.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher takes a break.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher lunches on a butterfly sandwich.
At some point in time, a water beetle tweaks Jeremy Fisher's toe.
At some point in time, the water beetle causes Jeremy Fisher to withdraw his legs.
At some point in time, rats rustling about in the rushes force Jeremy Fisher to seek a safer location.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher drops his line into the water.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher immediately has a bite.
At some point in time, the bite is not a minnow.
At some point in time, the bite is little Jack Sharp, a stickleback.
At some point in time, the fish escapes.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher pricks his fingers on Jack Sharp's spines.
At some point in time, a shoal of little fishes comes to the surface.
At some point in time, the little fishes laugh at Jeremy Fisher.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher sucks his sore fingers.
At some point in time, a trout rises from the water.
At some point in time, the trout seizes Jeremy Fisher with a snap.
At some point in time, Mr. Jeremy Fisher screams, "OW-OW-OW!!!".
At some point in time, the trout dives to the bottom.
At some point in time, the trout finds the Macintosh tasteless.
At some point in time, the trout spits Jeremy Fisher out.
At some point in time, the trout swallows only Jeremy Fisher's goloshes.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher bounces up to the surface of the water.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher bounces like a stone sinking to the bottom.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher swims to the pond's edge.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher scrambles up the bank.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher hops home through the meadow.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher has lost his fishing equipment.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher is quite sure he will never go fishing again.
At some point in time, in the last few pages, Jeremy Fisher has put sticking plaster on his fingers.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher welcomes his friends.
At some point in time, Sir Isaac Newton is a newt.
At some point in time, Alderman Ptolemy Tortoise is a tortoise.
At some point in time, Alderman Ptolemy Tortoise eats salad.
At some point in time, Isaac Newton wears a black and gold waistcoat.
At some point in time, Ptolemy Tortoise brings a salad in a string bag.
At some point in time, Jeremy Fisher has prepared roasted grasshopper with ladybird sauce.
At some point in time, the narrator describes the dish as a frog treat.
At some point in time, the narrator thinks the dish must have been nasty.