At some point in time, Anne Shirley has been married to Gilbert Blythe for 15 years.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley and Gilbert Blythe have six children.
At some point in time, the names of Anne Shirley and Gilbert Blythe's children are Jem, Walter, Nan, Di, Shirley, and Rilla.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley returns to Glen St. Mary after a trip to London.
At some point in time, a new minister has arrived in Glen St. Mary.
At some point in time, John Meredith is a widower.
At some point in time, John Meredith has four young children.
At some point in time, the names of John Meredith's children are Gerald (Jerry), Faith, Una, and Thomas Carlyle (Carl).
At some point in time, John Meredith's children have not been properly brought up since the death of their mother.
At some point in time, John Meredith is easily absorbed by matters of theology.
At some point in time, many families in the village consider John Meredith's children wild and mischievous.
At some point in time, many families in the village tend to hear about the Meredith children when they have gotten into some kind of scrape.
At some point in time, many families in the village question John Meredith's parenting skills.
At some point in time, many families in the village question John Meredith's suitability as a minister.
At some point in time, only the Blythes know of the Meredith children's loyalty and kindness for most of the book.
At some point in time, the Meredith children rescue an orphaned girl named Mary Vance from starvation.
At some point in time, Una finds a home for Mary Vance with Mrs. Marshall Elliott.
At some point in time, Faith sometimes tries to explain the Meredith children's behavior to the townsfolk.
At some point in time, Faith's explanations generally cause an even bigger scandal.
At some point in time, the Merediths, Blythes, and Mary Vance often play in a hollow called Rainbow Valley.
At some point in time, Rainbow Valley becomes a gathering place for the children in the book.
At some point in time, Jem Blythe tries to help the Merediths behave better by forming the "Good-Conduct Club."
At some point in time, in the "Good-Conduct Club," the Merediths punish themselves for misdeeds.
At some point in time, the Merediths' self-imposed punishments lead to Carl becoming very ill with pneumonia.
At some point in time, Carl becomes very ill with pneumonia after spending hours in a graveyard on a wet night.
At some point in time, the Merediths' self-imposed punishments lead to Una fainting in church after fasting all day.
At some point in time, John Meredith is wracked with guilt over his failings as a father.
At some point in time, John Meredith realizes that he should marry again.
At some point in time, John Meredith believes he should give his children a mother.
John Meredith has always thought he will never love anyone again as he did his late wife.
At some point in time, John Meredith is not at all surprised to find that he has fallen in love with Rosemary West.
At some point in time, Rosemary West is a woman in her late thirties.
At some point in time, Rosemary West lives with her sister Ellen.
At some point in time, Ellen is ten years older than Rosemary West.
At some point in time, John Meredith proposes marriage to Rosemary West.
At some point in time, Ellen forbids Rosemary West from accepting John Meredith's proposal.
At some point in time, Ellen and Rosemary West had promised each other never to leave the other following the deaths of their parents.
At some point in time, Ellen eventually reunites with her childhood beau, Norman Douglas.
At some point in time, Ellen asks Rosemary West to release her from her promise.
At some point in time, Ellen wants to marry Norman Douglas.
At some point in time, Rosemary West agrees to release Ellen from her promise.
At some point in time, Rosemary West now thinks that John Meredith hates her.
At some point in time, Una overhears John Meredith expressing feelings for Rosemary West.
At some point in time, Una goes to ask Rosemary West to marry John Meredith.
At some point in time, Una has misgivings about stepmothers.
At some point in time, Mary Vance has told Una that stepmothers are always mean.
At some point in time, Rosemary West sets Una's mind at ease.
At some point in time, Rosemary West agrees to speak to John Meredith again.
At some point in time, John Meredith and Rosemary West become engaged.
At some point in time, Rosemary West and Ellen plan a double wedding in the fall.