At some point in time, the middle-class Baxter family enjoys a comfortable life.
At some point in time, the middle-class Baxter family enjoys a placid life.
At some point in time, the Parcher family hosts an out-of-town visitor named Lola Pratt during the summer.
At some point in time, Lola Pratt is an aspiring actress.
At some point in time, Lola Pratt is eighteen years old.
At some point in time, Lola Pratt talks baby-talk even at breakfast.
At some point in time, Lola Pratt holds the center of attention wherever she goes.
At some point in time, Lola Pratt captivates William with her beauty.
At some point in time, Lola Pratt captivates William with her flirtatious manner.
At some point in time, Lola Pratt captivates William with her tiny white lap dog named Flopit.
At some point in time, William steals his father's dress-suit to avoid Lola.
At some point in time, William is sure he has found True Love at Last.
At some point in time, William spends the summer pursuing Lola at picnics.
At some point in time, William spends the summer pursuing Lola at dances.
At some point in time, William spends the summer pursuing Lola at evening parties.
At some point in time, William inadvertently makes himself obnoxious to his family.
At some point in time, William inadvertently makes himself obnoxious to his friends.
At some point in time, William's family and friends constantly embarrass him.
At some point in time, William's family and friends constantly humiliate him.
At some point in time, William's family and friends do not share his exalted opinion of Lola Pratt.
At some point in time, William steals his father's dress-suit to court Lola in the evenings.
At some point in time, William courts Lola at the home of the Parcher family.
At some point in time, the Parcher family soon regrets hosting Lola.
At some point in time, William writes a bad love poem to Lola Pratt.
At some point in time, William hoards dead flowers that Lola Pratt has touched.
At some point in time, William develops a peculiar interest in beards.
At some point in time, William develops a peculiar interest in child marriages among the Hindoos.
At some point in time, William's ten-year-old sister Jane treats him as an equal.
At some point in time, Genesis, the Baxters' Negro handyman, treats William as an equal.
At some point in time, William believes himself to be a serious-minded grown-up.
At some point in time, William's parents mostly smile tolerantly at William's lovelorn condition.
At some point in time, William's parents hope he will survive his lovelorn condition.
At some point in time, William's parents hope he will become a responsible adult.
At some point in time, William is sure that the summer has changed his life forever.
At some point in time, Lola Pratt leaves town on the train.
At some point in time, the book concludes with a flash-forward inspired by Maeterlinck.
At some point in time, William has survived the trials of adolescence.