At some point in time, Lucy Snowe is the protagonist of Villette.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe is 14 years old at the beginning of Villette.
At some point in time, Lucy Snowe stays at the home of her godmother Mrs. Bretton.
At some point in time, Mrs. Bretton lives in "the clean and ancient town of Bretton" in England.
At some point in time, Mrs. Bretton has a son named John Graham Bretton.
At some point in time, the family calls John Graham Bretton "Graham."
At some point in time, a young visitor named Paulina Home is also in residence at Mrs. Bretton's home.
At some point in time, Paulina Home is called "Polly."
At some point in time, Polly is a peculiar little girl.
At some point in time, Polly develops a deep devotion to Graham.
At some point in time, Graham showers Polly with attention.
At some point in time, Polly's visit is cut short when her father arrives to take her away.
At some point in time, Lucy leaves Mrs. Bretton's home a few weeks after Polly's departure.
At some point in time, an unspecified family tragedy leaves Lucy without family.
At some point in time, an unspecified family tragedy leaves Lucy without a home.
At some point in time, an unspecified family tragedy leaves Lucy without means.
At some point in time, Lucy is hired as a caregiver by Miss Marchmont.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont is a rheumatic crippled woman.
At some point in time, Lucy becomes accustomed to her work as a caregiver.
At some point in time, Lucy begins to feel content with her quiet lifestyle.
At some point in time, during an evening of dramatic weather changes, Miss Marchmont regains all her energy.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont feels young again after regaining her energy.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont shares her sad love story with Lucy.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont's love story is from 30 years previously.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont concludes that she should treat Lucy better.
At some point in time, Miss Marchmont believes that death will reunite her with her dead lover.
At some point in time, Lucy finds Miss Marchmont dead the next morning.
At some point in time, Lucy leaves the English countryside.
At some point in time, Lucy goes to London.
At some point in time, Lucy is 23 years old when she boards a ship for Labassecour.
At some point in time, Lucy knows very little French when she boards the ship for Labassecour.
At some point in time, Lucy travels to the city of Villette.
At some point in time, Lucy finds employment as a bonne at Mme. Beck's boarding school for girls.
At some point in time, Mme. Beck's boarding school for girls is based upon the Hégers' Brussels pensionnat.
At some point in time, Lucy is hired to teach English at Mme. Beck's boarding school.
At some point in time, Lucy has to mind Mme. Beck's three children.
At some point in time, Lucy thrives despite Mme. Beck's constant surveillance of the staff and students.
At some point in time, "Dr. John" is a handsome English doctor.
At some point in time, "Dr. John" frequently visits the school.
At some point in time, "Dr. John" visits the school because of his love for Ginevra Fanshawe.
At some point in time, "Dr. John" is later revealed to be John Graham Bretton.
At some point in time, Lucy has known that "Dr. John" is John Graham Bretton.
At some point in time, Lucy has deliberately concealed from the reader that "Dr. John" is John Graham Bretton.
At some point in time, Dr. John discovers Ginevra's unworthiness.
At some point in time, Dr. John turns his attention to Lucy after discovering Ginevra's unworthiness.
At some point in time, Dr. John and Lucy become close friends.
At some point in time, Lucy values her friendship with Dr. John highly.
At some point in time, Lucy usually has an emotional reserve.
At some point in time, Polly (Paulina Home) is met again at this point in the story.
At some point in time, Polly's father has inherited the title "de Bassompierre."
At some point in time, Polly's name is now Paulina Home de Bassompierre.
At some point in time, Polly and Graham discover that they knew each other in the past.
At some point in time, Polly and Graham decide to remain distant.
At some point in time, Polly and Graham fall in love.
At some point in time, Polly and Graham eventually marry.
At some point in time, Lucy becomes progressively closer to M. Paul Emanuel.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel is an irascible, autocratic, and male chauvinist professor.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel is a relative of Mme. Beck.
At some point in time, Lucy and M. Paul Emanuel eventually fall in love.
At some point in time, a group of conspiring antagonists works to keep Lucy and M. Paul Emanuel apart.
At some point in time, the group of conspiring antagonists includes Mme. Beck.
At some point in time, the group of conspiring antagonists includes the priest Père Silas.
At some point in time, the group of conspiring antagonists includes the relatives of M. Paul's long-dead fiancée.
At some point in time, the group of conspiring antagonists succeeds in forcing M. Paul's departure for the West Indies.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel is sent to oversee a plantation in the West Indies.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel declares his love for Lucy before his departure.
At some point in time, M. Paul Emanuel arranges for Lucy to live independently as the headmistress of her own day school.
At some point in time, Lucy later expands her day school into a pensionnat.
At some point in time, Lucy has three encounters with the figure of a nun during the course of the novel.
At some point in time, the figure of a nun may be the ghost of a nun who was buried alive on the school's grounds.
At some point in time, the nun was buried alive as punishment for breaking her vow of chastity.
At some point in time, Lucy discovers the "nun's" habit in her bed.
At some point in time, Lucy destroys the "nun's" habit.
At some point in time, Lucy later finds out that the "nun's" habit was a disguise worn by Ginevra's amour, Alfred de Hamal.
At some point in time, the episodes with the nun contribute substantially to the novel's reputation as a gothic novel.
At some point in time, Villette's final pages are ambiguous.
At some point in time, Lucy says that she wants to leave the reader free to imagine a happy ending.
At some point in time, Lucy hints strongly that M. Paul's ship was destroyed by a storm during his return journey from the West Indies.
At some point in time, Lucy says that M. Emanuel was away for three years.
At some point in time, Lucy states that the three years M. Emanuel was away were the three happiest years of her life.
At some point in time, the passage suggests that M. Paul Emanuel was drowned by the "destroying angel of tempest."
At some point in time, Brontë described the ambiguity of the ending as a "little puzzle."