At some point in time, the text of this novel of ideas presents itself as a book that has been written as the result of a promise to a dying man.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham is a man who has lived a life devoted to a complicated, protean idea.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham believes that he has to live life nobly and thoroughly.
At some point in time, the novel has been written as the result of a bet between two friends.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham has left behind "half a score of patent files quite distended [with papers] and a writing-table drawer-full."
At some point in time, the novel is by implication what White has produced to acquit himself of the promise.
At some point in time, White has promised to "see after your book."
At some point in time, the papers themselves are "an indigestible aggregation."
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham is a man of means due to curious circumstances.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham's mother left his father for a wealthy man named Nolan.
At some point in time, Nolan died soon thereafter.
At some point in time, Nolan left about a third of his very large fortune entirely to Mrs. Benham.
At some point in time, Nolan left the rest of his fortune to Mrs. Benham in trust for her son.
At some point in time, Nolan deemed himself to have injured William Porphyry Benham.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham's mother subsequently marries a great London surgeon.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham's mother becomes Lady Marayne.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham's mother's indiscretion is forgiven.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham's mother enjoys a position of privilege.
At some point in time, the bulk of the novel recounts William Porphyry Benham's effort to live nobly.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham's effort to live nobly brings him into conflict with his mother.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham's effort to live nobly brings him into conflict with his friend Prothero.
At some point in time, Prothero is a schoolboy chum who becomes a Cambridge don.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham's effort to live nobly brings him into conflict with his wife Amanda.
At some point in time, Amanda is a young woman whom William Porphyry Benham loves passionately.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham leaves Amanda behind in England.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham travels the world in search of wisdom.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham travels to India.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham travels to Russia.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham travels to China.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham is fatally shot in Johannesburg, South Africa.
At some point in time, William Porphyry Benham is fatally shot while attempting to stop soldiers firing at strikers.