At some point in time, War and the Future is divided into four parts.
At some point in time, the first part is entitled "The Passing of the Effigy".
At some point in time, Wells argues that "the great man of this war is the common man".
At some point in time, Wells sketches a portrait of General Joffre as "a single figure to stand for the finest quality of the Allies' war".
At some point in time, Wells describes General Joffre's leadership as "leadership without vulgar ambition".
At some point in time, Wells describes General Joffre as "the ordinary commonsense of men, incarnate".
At some point in time, Wells recounts a visit with the King of Italy.
At some point in time, Wells states that the King of Italy is "the first king I had ever met".
At some point in time, Wells is struck by the King of Italy's lack of pomp.
At some point in time, Wells is struck by the King of Italy's lack of regality.
At some point in time, the second part is titled "The War in Italy".
At some point in time, the second part describes the city of Udine.
At some point in time, the second part describes the mountain warfare of the Isonzo front.
At some point in time, the second part includes visits to Verona.
At some point in time, the second part includes visits to Venice.
At some point in time, the second part includes visits to Milan.
At some point in time, the third part is titled "The Western War".
At some point in time, the third part describes visits to the Western Front near Arras.
At some point in time, the third part describes visits to the Western Front near Soissons in France.
At some point in time, Wells expresses confidence that methods of aerial dominance have permitted the Allies to develop tactics.
At some point in time, Wells expresses confidence that photography has permitted the Allies to develop tactics.
At some point in time, Wells believes that the tactics developed by the Allies are sure ultimately to defeat Germany.
At some point in time, Wells praises British soldiers.
At some point in time, Wells criticises the officer corps for its mental rigidity.
At some point in time, Wells emphasises that new technologies have transformed the art of war.
At some point in time, Wells states that military professionals are all too slow to grasp new technologies.
At some point in time, Wells states that fighting in disciplined formations is no longer of any military importance.
At some point in time, Wells states that cavalry is no longer of any military importance.
At some point in time, Wells states that artillery is now the most essential instrument of the war.
At some point in time, Wells devotes a chapter to tanks as "an outdated concept in warfare".
At some point in time, Wells describes a tour of a munitions factory given by André Citroën.
At some point in time, Wells devotes a chapter to tanks as "a beginning in a new phase of warfare".
At some point in time, Wells notes that in 1903 he had described a tank in a short story titled "The Land Ironclads".
At some point in time, War and the Future's final part is entitled "How People Think about the War".
At some point in time, the final part addresses the failure of contemporaries to grasp the nature and causes of the war.
At some point in time, the final part addresses the psychology of "the Yielding Pacifist".
At some point in time, Wells describes "the Yielding Pacifist" as willing to accept any sort of peace.
At some point in time, Wells finds the origins of "the Yielding Pacifist" in "the Resentful Employé".
At some point in time, Wells addresses "the Conscientious Objector" in the final part.
At some point in time, Wells later deeply regretted the pages about "the Conscientious Objector".
At some point in time, the final part addresses the effect of the war on religious thought.
At some point in time, the final part addresses French and Italian doubts about the British.
At some point in time, the final part addresses the effect of the war on future labour relations.
At some point in time, the final part addresses the prospects for ending the war.
At some point in time, Wells saw a possibility of victory in 1917.
At some point in time, Wells allowed that "the war, universally detested, may go on into 1918 or 1919".
At some point in time, Wells said that "America should ultimately undertake the responsibility of a world peace settlement".