At some point in time, Conan receives a warning in the Suq from an elderly desert nomad.
At some point in time, Conan stays the night in a cheap tavern in Zamboula.
At some point in time, the tavern in Zamboula is run by Aram Baksh.
At some point in time, a black Darfarian cannibal enters Conan's small chamber by means of a trick lock.
At some point in time, the black Darfarian cannibal attempts to drag Conan away to be eaten.
All of the Darfarian slaves in the city are cannibals.
At some point in time, the Darfarian cannibals roam the streets at night.
At some point in time, the Darfarian cannibals only prey on travelers.
At some point in time, the people of the city tolerate the Darfarian cannibals.
At some point in time, the people of the city stay locked securely in their homes at night.
At some point in time, nomads and beggars make sure to spend the night at a comfortable distance from the walls of the city.
At some point in time, Aram Baksh has made a deal with the Darfarian cannibals.
At some point in time, Aram Baksh provides the Darfarian cannibals "fresh meat."
At some point in time, Aram Baksh profits from the belongings of the ill-fated guests of his inn.
At some point in time, the unfortunate Darfarian attempts to prey on an armed and wary Conan.
At some point in time, the unfortunate Darfarian pays with his life.
At some point in time, Conan realizes that his room is a trap.
At some point in time, Conan takes to the Zamboulan streets.
At some point in time, Conan runs into a naked woman chasing through the streets after her deranged lover.
At some point in time, Conan rescues the naked woman and her deranged lover from an attack by the cannibals.
At some point in time, the naked woman tells Conan that she tried to break up with her lover using a love potion.
At some point in time, the love potion made a raving lunatic of her lover.
At some point in time, the naked woman promises Conan "a reward" in return for his assistance.
At some point in time, the naked woman and Conan attempt to kill the high priest responsible for the man's madness.
At some point in time, the naked woman is captured in the attempt to kill the high priest.
At some point in time, the naked woman is forced to dance before the high priest until she dies.
At some point in time, Conan defeats the strangler Baal-pteor at his own game.
At some point in time, Conan rescues the naked woman.
At some point in time, Conan kills the high priest.
At some point in time, the naked woman reveals to Conan that she is really Nafertari.
At some point in time, Nafertari is the mistress to the satrap of the city, Jungir Khan.
At some point in time, Nafertari takes an antidote to Jungir.
At some point in time, Nafertari promises Conan position and wealth.
At some point in time, Conan leaves the city.
At some point in time, Conan reveals to the reader that he had recognized Nafertari and Jungir almost immediately.
At some point in time, Conan takes his revenge on the tavern owner Aram Baksh.
At some point in time, Conan cuts out Aram Baksh's tongue.
At some point in time, Conan shears off Aram Baksh's beard.
At some point in time, Conan renders Aram Baksh mute and unrecognizable.
At some point in time, Conan turns Aram Baksh over to the hungry cannibals to devour.
At some point in time, Conan's action against Aram Baksh is one of the most profound displays of Conan's ironic sense of humor.
At some point in time, Conan leaves the city with gold.
At some point in time, Conan leaves the city with the magic ring that started the night's intrigues.
At some point in time, Conan had stolen the magic ring from the mad Jungir on their first encounter.
At some point in time, Conan intends to sell the magic ring to another interested party.