At some point in time, Dr. Melmoth is the President of fictional Harley College.
At some point in time, Dr. Melmoth takes Ellen Langton into his care.
At some point in time, Ellen Langton is the daughter of Mr. Langton.
At some point in time, Mr. Langton is at sea.
At some point in time, Ellen Langton is a young, beautiful girl.
At some point in time, Ellen Langton attracts the attentions of the college boys.
At some point in time, Edward Walcott is a strapping though immature student.
At some point in time, Fanshawe is a reclusive, meek intellectual.
At some point in time, the three young people meet a nameless character called “the angler.”
At some point in time, the angler appears to be an expert fisherman.
At some point in time, the angler asks for a word with Ellen Langton.
At some point in time, the angler tells Ellen Langton something in secret.
At some point in time, the angler apparently flusters Ellen Langton.
At some point in time, Edward Walcott becomes suspicious of the angler's intentions.
At some point in time, Fanshawe becomes suspicious of the angler's intentions.
At some point in time, the angler is an old friend of the reformed Inn owner, Hugh Crombie.
At some point in time, the angler and Hugh Crombie had been at sea together.
At some point in time, Mr. Langton had been the angler's mentor and caretaker.
At some point in time, the angler is a sworn enemy of Hugh Crombie.
At some point in time, the angler and Hugh Crombie had a falling out.
At some point in time, the angler thinks that Mr. Langton has been killed at sea.
At some point in time, the angler undertakes to marry Ellen Langton in order to inherit her father's considerable wealth.
At some point in time, the angler instructs Ellen Langton to sneak out of Melmoth's home.
At some point in time, the angler tells Ellen Langton to follow him.
At some point in time, the angler claims to have information about Ellen Langton's father’s whereabouts.
At some point in time, the angler's real aim is to kidnap Ellen Langton.
At some point in time, the angler's real aim is to tell Ellen Langton of her father’s death.
At some point in time, the angler's real aim is to manipulate Ellen Langton into marrying him.
At some point in time, Melmoth, Edward Walcott, and Fanshawe learn that Ellen Langton is not in her chamber.
At some point in time, Melmoth goes searching for Ellen Langton.
At some point in time, Edward Walcott goes searching for Ellen Langton.
At some point in time, Fanshawe goes searching for Ellen Langton.
At some point in time, Melmoth is an aged scholar unused to physical labor.
At some point in time, Melmoth enlists the help of Edward Walcott.
At some point in time, Edward Walcott is the most skilled rider.
At some point in time, Edward Walcott is the most likely to be able to contend with the angler in a fight.
At some point in time, Fanshawe lags behind the search because of his weak constitution.
At some point in time, Fanshawe lags behind the search because of his slow horse.
At some point in time, an old woman in a cabin gives Fanshawe information.
At some point in time, the old woman in the cabin is not named.
At some point in time, Widow Butler is another old woman in the cabin.
At some point in time, Widow Butler is the angler's mother.
At some point in time, Widow Butler has just died.
At some point in time, the information allows Fanshawe to reach the angler and Ellen Langton first.
At some point in time, the angler has taken Ellen Langton to a craggy cliff and cave.
At some point in time, the angler intends to hold Ellen Langton captive.
At some point in time, Ellen Langton has finally realized the angler's intentions.
At some point in time, Fanshawe arrives at the cliff.
At some point in time, Fanshawe stands above the angler and Ellen Langton.
At some point in time, Fanshawe looks over the edge of the cliff.
At some point in time, the angler begins to climb up the cliff to fight Fanshawe.
At some point in time, the angler grabs a twig too weak to support him.
At some point in time, the angler tumbles to his death.
At some point in time, Fanshawe awakens Ellen Langton from a faint.
At some point in time, Fanshawe and Ellen Langton travel back to town together.
At some point in time, Fanshawe loves Ellen Langton.
At some point in time, Fanshawe knows that he will die young because of his shut-in lifestyle.
At some point in time, Langton offers Ellen Langton's hand in marriage to Fanshawe.
At some point in time, Langton offers Ellen Langton's hand in marriage to Fanshawe in exchange for rescuing her.
At some point in time, Fanshawe refuses Langton's offer.
At some point in time, Fanshawe sacrifices his happiness so as not to subject Ellen Langton to a life of widowhood.
At some point in time, Fanshawe knows that Ellen Langton has affections for Edward Walcott.
At some point in time, Fanshawe dies at the age of 20.
At some point in time, Ellen Langton and Edward Walcott marry four years later.
At some point in time, Walcott grows out of his childish ways.
At some point in time, Walcott grows out of his drunkenness.
At some point in time, Walcott grows out of his impulsiveness.
At some point in time, Walcott grows out of the suggestion of teenage affairs.
At some point in time, Walcott becomes content with Ellen Langton.
At some point in time, Ellen Langton and Edward Walcott are happy.
At some point in time, the book ends on an ambivalent note.
At some point in time, Ellen Langton and Edward Walcott did not produce children.