At some point in time, the play is set in Napoleonic times.
At some point in time, the local gossips of the town discuss the developing relationship between Miss Phoebe Throssel and Valentine Brown.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel confesses to her sister, Susan, that Valentine Brown intends to drop by later that day.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan are certain that Valentine Brown means to propose.
Valentine Brown does not ask for Miss Phoebe Throssel's hand in marriage.
At some point in time, Valentine Brown announces his intention to join the fight in Europe against Napoleon.
At some point in time, the announcement leaves Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan overjoyed.
At some point in time, ten years after the departure of Valentine Brown, Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan have set up a school.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan set up the school in order to pay the rent.
Miss Phoebe Throssel has not accepted any other suitor.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel has allowed herself to become an "Old Maid" and school mistress.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel longs for her youth.
At some point in time, the return of Captain Brown deepens Miss Phoebe Throssel's melancholy.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel declares that she is tired of being lady-like.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel creates the fictional character of Miss Livvy.
At some point in time, Miss Livvy is a more energetic, flirtatious, and naughty version of Miss Phoebe Throssel's younger self.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel begins to tease Captain Brown.
At some point in time, Captain Brown is captivated by Miss Phoebe Throssel.
At some point in time, Captain Brown persuades Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan to accompany him to the ball.
At some point in time, at the ball, Miss Phoebe Throssel is still playing the part of Miss Livvy.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel has captured the eyes of many young men while playing Miss Livvy.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel has captured the scorn of ladies while playing Miss Livvy.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel is annoyed that Captain Brown seems to prefer Miss Livvy to her true personality and qualities.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel's actions cause events to come to a head.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel's act is almost brought to light by the local gossiping girls Fanny Willoughby and Henrietta Turnbull.
At some point in time, in a final confrontation with Captain Brown, it is discovered that he has found his love for Miss Phoebe Throssel.
At some point in time, Captain Brown insists that he has discovered for himself that the schoolmistress in her old maid's cap is the noblest Miss Phoebe Throssel of them all.
At some point in time, Miss Livvy still hangs heavy over Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan.
At some point in time, Miss Livvy is now difficult to dispose of.
At some point in time, the local gossips watch for any sign of Miss Livvy.
At some point in time, the local gossips frequently visit Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan's home.
At some point in time, Captain Brown comes to ask for Miss Phoebe Throssel's hand.
At some point in time, Miss Phoebe Throssel turns down Captain Brown without explanation.
At some point in time, Captain Brown becomes aware of the disguise.
At some point in time, Captain Brown becomes aware of Miss Phoebe Throssel and Susan's plight.
At some point in time, Captain Brown sets out to right all wrongs.
At some point in time, Captain Brown sets out to right his own wrongs.