At some point in time, the novel centers on a young, independent, unnamed, wealthy traveler.
At some point in time, the young, independent, unnamed, wealthy traveler is the narrator.
At some point in time, the narrator visits a friend who is a mining engineer.
At some point in time, the narrator and the mining engineer explore a natural chasm in a mine.
At some point in time, the natural chasm has been exposed by an exploratory shaft.
At some point in time, the narrator reaches the bottom of the chasm safely.
At some point in time, the rope breaks.
At some point in time, the mining engineer is killed.
At some point in time, the narrator finds his way into a subterranean world.
At some point in time, the subterranean world is occupied by beings who resemble angels.
At some point in time, the narrator befriends the first being he meets.
At some point in time, the first being guides the narrator around a city.
At some point in time, the city is reminiscent of ancient Egyptian architecture.
At some point in time, the narrator meets his host's wife.
At some point in time, the narrator meets his host's two sons.
At some point in time, the narrator meets his host's daughter.
At some point in time, the host's children learn to speak English by way of a makeshift dictionary.
At some point in time, the narrator unconsciously teaches the host's children the English language.
At some point in time, the guide approaches the narrator.
At some point in time, the guide and his daughter, Zee, explain who they are.
At some point in time, the guide and Zee explain how they function.
At some point in time, the narrator discovers that the beings call themselves Vril-ya.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya have great telepathic abilities.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya have other parapsychological abilities.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya can transmit information.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya can get rid of pain.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya can put others to sleep.
At some point in time, the narrator is offended by the idea that the Vril-ya are better adapted to learn about him.
At some point in time, the guide is a magistrate.
At some point in time, the guide and his son Taee behave kindly towards the narrator.
At some point in time, the narrator discovers that the Vril-ya are descendants of an antediluvian civilization called the Ana.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya live in networks of subterranean caverns.
At some point in time, the subterranean caverns are linked by tunnels.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya were originally surface dwellers.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya fled underground thousands of years previously.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya fled underground to escape a massive drought.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya lost their power by facing and dominating harsh conditions.
At some point in time, the place where the narrator descended housed 12,000 families.
At some point in time, the place where the narrator descended is one of the largest groups.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya society is a technologically supported Utopia.
At some point in time, the chief tool of the Vril-ya society is an "all-permeating fluid" called "Vril."
At some point in time, Vril is a latent source of energy.
At some point in time, the spiritually elevated hosts can master Vril through training of their will.
At some point in time, the mastery of Vril depends on hereditary constitution.
At some point in time, the mastery of Vril gives access to an extraordinary force.
At some point in time, the extraordinary force can be controlled at will.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya employ Vril to communicate with the narrator.
At some point in time, the powers of Vril include the ability to heal beings and things.
At some point in time, the powers of Vril include the ability to change beings and things.
At some point in time, the powers of Vril include the ability to destroy beings and things.
At some point in time, the destructive powers of Vril are powerful.
At some point in time, a few young Vril-ya children can destroy entire cities if necessary.
At some point in time, men are called An.
At some point in time, women are called Gy-ei.
At some point in time, men and women have equal rights.
At some point in time, women are as strong as men.
At some point in time, women can be stronger than men.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya marry for just three years.
At some point in time, after three years, the Vril-ya are free to remarry or remain single.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya religion posits the existence of a superior being.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya religion does not dwell on the nature of the superior being.
At some point in time, the Vril-ya believe in the permanence of life.
At some point in time, according to the Vril-ya, life is not destroyed but merely changes form.
At some point in time, the narrator adopts the attire of his hosts.
At some point in time, the narrator begins to adopt the customs of his hosts.
At some point in time, Zee falls in love with the narrator.
At some point in time, Zee tells her father that she loves the narrator.
At some point in time, Zee's father orders Taee to kill the narrator with his staff.
At some point in time, both Taee and Zee conspire against the command to kill the narrator.
At some point in time, Zee leads the narrator through the same chasm he first descended.
At some point in time, the narrator returns to the surface.
At some point in time, the narrator warns that the Vril-ya will run out of habitable space underground.
At some point in time, the narrator warns that the Vril-ya will claim the surface of the Earth.
At some point in time, the narrator warns that the Vril-ya will destroy mankind if necessary.