At some point in time, the characters in the drama are introduced by an ‘Animal Tamer’.
At some point in time, the characters in the drama are introduced as if they are creatures in a travelling circus.
At some point in time, Lulu is described as “the true animal, the wild, beautiful animal”.
At some point in time, Lulu is described as the “primal form of woman”.
At some point in time, at the start of the play, Lulu has been rescued by the rich newspaper publisher Dr Schön.
At some point in time, Dr Schön has rescued Lulu from a life on the streets with her alleged father, the petty criminal Schigolch.
At some point in time, Dr Schön has taken Lulu under his wing.
At some point in time, Dr Schön has educated Lulu.
At some point in time, Dr Schön has made Lulu his lover.
At some point in time, Dr Schön wishes to make a more socially advantageous match for himself.
At some point in time, Dr Schön has married Lulu off to the medic Dr Goll.
At some point in time, in the first Act, Dr Goll has brought Lulu to have her portrait painted by Schwarz.
At some point in time, Lulu seduces the painter Schwarz.
At some point in time, Dr Goll returns to confront Lulu and Schwarz.
At some point in time, Dr Goll collapses with a fatal heart attack.
At some point in time, in Act Two, Lulu has married the painter Schwarz.
At some point in time, Schwarz has achieved fame and wealth with Schön’s assistance.
At some point in time, Lulu remains Schön’s mistress.
At some point in time, Schön wishes to be rid of Lulu ahead of his forthcoming marriage to a society belle, Charlotte von Zarnikow.
At some point in time, Schön informs Schwarz about Lulu's dissolute past.
At some point in time, Schwarz is unfazed by the information about Lulu's past.
At some point in time, Schwarz “guillotines” himself with his razor.
At some point in time, in Act Three, Lulu appears as a dancer in a revue.
At some point in time, Lulu's new career is promoted by Schön’s son Alwa.
At some point in time, Alwa is infatuated with Lulu.
At some point in time, Dr Schön is forced to admit that he is in Lulu's thrall.
At some point in time, Lulu forces Dr Schön to break off his engagement to Charlotte.
At some point in time, in Act Four, Lulu is married to Dr Schön.
At some point in time, Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with several other men.
At some point in time, Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with Schigolch.
At some point in time, Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with Alwa.
At some point in time, Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with the circus artist Rodrigo Quast.
At some point in time, Lulu is unfaithful to Dr Schön with the lesbian Countess Geschwitz.
At some point in time, Schön presses a revolver into Lulu's hand.
At some point in time, Schön urges Lulu to kill herself.
At some point in time, Lulu uses the revolver to shoot Schön.
At some point in time, Lulu declares Schön the only man she has ever loved.
At some point in time, Lulu is imprisoned for her crime.
At some point in time, Lulu escapes from prison with the aid of Countess Geschwitz.
At some point in time, Lulu's subsequent career down to her death at the hands of Jack the Ripper in London is the subject of the sequel, Pandora’s Box.
At some point in time, it is customary in theatre performances to run the two plays together.
At some point in time, the two plays are run in abridged form under the title Lulu.