At some point in time, Christy Mahon stumbles into Flaherty's tavern on the west coast of County Mayo.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon claims that he is on the run because he killed his own father by driving a loy into his father's head.
At some point in time, Flaherty praises Christy Mahon for his boldness.
At some point in time, Pegeen, who is Flaherty's daughter and the barmaid, falls in love with Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, Shawn Keogh is Pegeen's betrothed.
At some point in time, the novelty of Christy Mahon's exploits impresses the townsfolk.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon tells his own story with skill.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon becomes something of a town hero.
At some point in time, many other women become repulsed by Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, the Widow Quin tries unsuccessfully to seduce Christy Mahon at Shawn Keogh's behest.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon impresses the village women by winning a donkey race.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon uses the slowest beast in the donkey race.
At some point in time, Christy's father, Mahon, who was only wounded, tracks Christy Mahon to the tavern.
At some point in time, the townsfolk realize that Christy's father is alive.
At some point in time, everyone, including Pegeen, shuns Christy Mahon as a liar and a coward.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon attacks his father a second time to regain Pegeen's love.
At some point in time, old Mahon seems to be dead after Christy Mahon's second attack.
At some point in time, the townspeople, led by Pegeen, bind Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, the townspeople prepare to hang Christy Mahon to avoid being implicated as accessories to his crime.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon's life is saved when his father crawls back onto the scene.
At some point in time, Mahon is beaten and bloodied when he crawls back onto the scene.
At some point in time, Mahon improbably survives his son's second attack.
At some point in time, Christy Mahon and his father leave to wander the world.
At some point in time, Shawn Keogh suggests that he and Pegeen get married soon.
At some point in time, Pegeen spurns Shawn Keogh's suggestion.
At some point in time, Pegeen laments betraying and losing Christy Mahon.
At some point in time, Pegeen states, "I've lost the only playboy of the western world."