At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog make a fishing holiday to the remote village of Kraighten in rural Ireland.
At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog stumble upon the ruins of a strangely shaped house on a large lake on the third day of their stay.
At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog discover the mouldering journal of the Recluse.
At some point in time, the Recluse is an unidentified man.
At some point in time, the Recluse recorded his last days in the house before its destruction.
At some point in time, the Recluse begins his journal with descriptions of how he acquired the house.
At some point in time, the Recluse begins his journal with descriptions of his daily life with his sister.
At some point in time, the Recluse begins his journal with descriptions of his faithful dog, Pepper.
At some point in time, the Recluse started the diary to record the strange experiences occurring in and around the house.
At some point in time, the Recluse started the diary to record the horrors occurring in and around the house.
At some point in time, the Recluse relates a vision in which he travels to a remote and vast arena called "the Plain of Silence".
At some point in time, the Plain of Silence is surrounded by mountains.
At some point in time, the mountains have representations of mythological beast-gods, demons, and other "bestial horrors" on their slopes.
At some point in time, in the center of the Plain of Silence stands a house almost identical to the Recluse's own house.
At some point in time, the house in the arena is much larger than the Recluse's own house.
At some point in time, the house in the arena appears to be made of a green jade-like substance.
At some point in time, the Recluse sees a huge, menacing humanoid with swine-like features during his vision.
At some point in time, the Recluse is attacked by humanoid pig-like creatures that he names "the swine-things".
At some point in time, the swine-things appear to come from the depths of a great chasm under the house.
At some point in time, the struggle with the swine-things lasts for several nights of increasing ferocity.
At some point in time, the Recluse kills several of the swine-things.
At some point in time, the Recluse drives off the swine-things.
At some point in time, the Recluse searches for the origin of the swine-things.
At some point in time, the Recluse finds a pit beyond the gardens.
At some point in time, a river descends into the earth at the pit.
At some point in time, the Recluse finds a tunnel leading to the great chasm.
At some point in time, a rock slide dams the water in the pit.
At some point in time, the Recluse is trapped in the pit.
At some point in time, Pepper rescues the Recluse.
At some point in time, the house transports the Recluse to an unknown place called "the Sea of Sleep".
At some point in time, the Recluse briefly reunites with his lost love in "the Sea of Sleep".
At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog must stop reading the journal because the house collapse has destroyed much of the journal.
At some point in time, the journal becomes unreadable between the passage describing "the Sea of Sleep" and a later entry titled "The noise in the night".
At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog realize that the water from the dammed pit has overflowed to create the lake.
At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog suppose that the destroyed section of the journal may have explained other mysteries about the house.
At some point in time, the Recluse notices that the passage of day and night has increased in speed.
At some point in time, the passage of day and night eventually blurs into a never-ending twilight.
At some point in time, the Recluse watches as his surroundings flourish and grow into a lush garden.
At some point in time, the dead world slowly grinds to a halt.
At some point in time, the sun goes out after several million millennia.
At some point in time, once the world ends, the Recluse floats through space.
At some point in time, the Recluse sees angelic forms passing before his eyes.
At some point in time, the Recluse sees human forms passing before his eyes.
At some point in time, the Recluse sees demonic forms passing before his eyes.
At some point in time, later, the Recluse finds himself back in his own study on Earth.
At some point in time, everything appears to have returned to normality in the Recluse's study.
At some point in time, one exception in the Recluse's study is that Pepper is dead.
At some point in time, the malicious swine-beast from the Recluse's earlier journeys to the "arena" has followed the Recluse back to his own dimension.
At some point in time, the creature infects the Recluse's new dog with a luminous fungal disease.
At some point in time, the Recluse shoots the suffering animal.
At some point in time, the Recluse contracts the luminous fungal disease.
At some point in time, the manuscript ends with the Recluse locked in his study.
At some point in time, the Recluse is locked from the outside only in his study.
At some point in time, the creature comes through a trap door in the basement from the chasm under the house.
At some point in time, the Recluse ponders suicide to end his suffering.
At some point in time, the creature tries to open the study door.
At some point in time, the diary abruptly ends.
At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog search for information about the Recluse and his circumstances.
At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog learn that the house was long believed to be evil.
At some point in time, the unsociable old man and his elderly sister acquired the house.
At some point in time, monthly supplies were brought in by a man who would say nothing about the Recluse.
At some point in time, after several years, the man returned early one day from his delivery trip.
At some point in time, the man said that the house had mysteriously fallen into the chasm.
At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog leave Kraighten.
At some point in time, Tonnison and Berreggnog never return to Kraighten.
At some point in time, the novel ends with a five-verse poem titled "Grief".
At some point in time, the poem titled "Grief" is found behind the fly-leaf of the diary.