At some point in time, Benjamin Bathurst is a British diplomat.
At some point in time, Benjamin Bathurst disappears whilst staying at an inn in Prussia.
At some point in time, Piper describes Benjamin Bathurst as "a rather stout gentleman, of past middle age."
At some point in time, Benjamin Bathurst was born in 1784.
At some point in time, Benjamin Bathurst was 25 years old at the time of his disappearance.
At some point in time, the story posits that Benjamin Bathurst slipped into a parallel universe.
At some point in time, the event of Benjamin Bathurst's disappearance was referenced in the Paratime story "Police Operation."
At some point in time, the Paratime story "Police Operation" was also written by Piper.
At some point in time, the point of divergence from our history is the Battle of Quebec on December 31, 1775.
Benedict Arnold was killed at the Battle of Quebec on December 31, 1775.
Benedict Arnold was not merely wounded at the Battle of Quebec on December 31, 1775.
At some point in time, British General John Burgoyne achieved victory over American counterpart Horatio Gates at the Battles of Saratoga on September 19 and October 7, 1777.
At some point in time, the American Revolution was a failure.
At some point in time, the French Revolution was a failure.
There were no Napoleonic Wars.
At some point in time, the alternate Benjamin Bathurst served as the lieutenant governor of the Crown Colony of Georgia.
At some point in time, Napoleon Bonaparte is a colonel in the French Army.
At some point in time, Napoleon Bonaparte is considered a brilliant tactician.
At some point in time, Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord has remained in ecclesiastical orders.
At some point in time, Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord has risen to become a Catholic Cardinal.
At some point in time, Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord is Louis XVI's Chief Minister.
At some point in time, George Washington was killed in battle at Doylestown, Pennsylvania.
At some point in time, George Washington was killed during the short-lived rebellion of the colonies in British North America.
At some point in time, Thomas Jefferson is the author of the American rebels' Declaration of Philadelphia.
At some point in time, Thomas Jefferson fled to Havana.
At some point in time, Thomas Jefferson eventually died in the Principality of Liechtenstein several years prior to 1809.
At some point in time, James Madison is in exile in Switzerland.
At some point in time, the Bathurst from our timeline is judged to be either insane or a spy.
At some point in time, the Bathurst from our timeline is imprisoned.
At some point in time, the Bathurst from our timeline did not attempt to escape.
At some point in time, the Bathurst from our timeline was fatally shot while peacefully sitting in his cell.
At some point in time, there was a theory that the Bathurst from our timeline was his counterpart's half-brother.
There is no evidence to support the theory that the Bathurst from our timeline was his counterpart's half-brother.
At some point in time, a high-ranking British officer reads Benjamin Bathurst's diplomatic documents.
At some point in time, the high-ranking British officer is amused by Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord's role as Napoleon Bonaparte's advisor and éminence grise.
At some point in time, the high-ranking British officer finds Charles Maurice de Talleyrand-Périgord's role plausible.
At some point in time, the high-ranking British officer is puzzled by references to a British general named "Wellington."
At some point in time, the British officer is revealed to be Sir Arthur Wellesley in the final line of the story.
At some point in time, Sir Arthur Wellesley is known in our reality as the Duke of Wellington.
At some point in time, Sir Arthur Wellesley attained the title of Duke of Wellington by way of his victories in the Napoleonic Wars.
The Napoleonic Wars never took place in the universe where Benjamin Bathurst disappeared.