At some point in time, the plot is loosely based on a melange of motifs from previous Conan short stories.
At some point in time, the plot is most notably based on "The Scarlet Citadel."
At some point in time, the early chapters of the plot share an almost identical storyline with "The Scarlet Citadel."
At some point in time, Conan is defeated in battle.
At some point in time, Conan is captured and placed in a monster-infested dungeon.
At some point in time, Conan finds an unexpected ally and escapes.
At some point in time, the population of the Aquilonian capital believes Conan is dead.
At some point in time, the population of the Aquilonian capital riots.
At some point in time, the population of the Aquilonian capital is ready to accept an alternative King.
At some point in time, the Scarlet Citadel ends with Conan coming back when the rioting just started.
At some point in time, Conan makes short work of his foes in The Scarlet Citadel.
At some point in time, the book-length Hour of the Dragon is much more complicated than The Scarlet Citadel.
At some point in time, Aquilonia has to live under a long and harrowing foreign occupation in Hour of the Dragon.
At some point in time, Conan goes through a long hazardous quest in Hour of the Dragon.
At some point in time, Conan could finally come back and dispose of his foes in Hour of the Dragon.
At some point in time, the book takes place when Conan is about forty-five years old.
At some point in time, the book takes place during Conan's reign as King of Aquilonia.
At some point in time, a group of conspirators plots to depose Conan.
At some point in time, the conspirators plot to depose Conan in favor of Valerius.
At some point in time, Valerius is the heir to Conan's predecessor Numedides.
Conan had slain Numedides to gain the throne.
At some point in time, the conspirators resort to necromancy to accomplish their goal.
At some point in time, the conspirators resurrect Xaltotun, an ancient sorcerer.
At some point in time, Xaltotun comes from the pre-Hyborian empire of Acheron.
At some point in time, with Xaltotun's aid, the Aquilonian army is defeated by the rival kingdom of Nemedia.
At some point in time, the Aquilonian army is occupied by the rival kingdom of Nemedia.
At some point in time, Conan is captured.
At some point in time, Conan is slated for execution.
At some point in time, the sympathetic slave girl Zenobia risks her life to free Conan.
At some point in time, Conan's quest is to retrieve the Heart of Ahriman.
At some point in time, Conan's quest is in order to defeat the wizard.
At some point in time, Conan's quest is in order to regain his throne.
At some point in time, Conan's quest takes him through all the lands of Hyboria.
At some point in time, Conan eventually triumphs.
At some point in time, Conan decides not to make Zenobia his queen.