At some point in time, the framing story concerns a man who dreams of speaking to Venus about love.
At some point in time, the man dreams while Venus wears furs.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator tells his dreams to a friend named Severin.
At some point in time, Severin tells the unnamed narrator how to break himself of his fascination with cruel women.
At some point in time, Severin suggests reading a manuscript titled Memoirs of a Suprasensual Man.
At some point in time, the manuscript tells of a man named Severin von Kusiemski.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski is infatuated with a woman named Wanda von Dunajew.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski asks to be Wanda von Dunajew's slave.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski encourages Wanda von Dunajew to treat him in progressively more degrading ways.
At some point in time, at first, Wanda von Dunajew does not understand the request.
At some point in time, at first, Wanda von Dunajew does not accede to the request.
At some point in time, Wanda von Dunajew humorously considers Severin von Kusiemski's request.
At some point in time, Wanda von Dunajew finds the advantages of the method to be interesting.
At some point in time, Wanda von Dunajew enthusiastically embraces the idea of treating Severin von Kusiemski as a slave.
At some point in time, Wanda von Dunajew disdains Severin von Kusiemski for allowing her to treat him as a slave.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski describes his feelings during these experiences as suprasensuality.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski and Wanda von Dunajew travel to Florence.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski takes the generic Russian servant's name of "Gregor."
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski takes on the role of Wanda von Dunajew's servant.
At some point in time, in Florence, Wanda von Dunajew treats Severin von Kusiemski kindly as a servant.
At some point in time, Wanda von Dunajew recruits a trio of African women to dominate Severin von Kusiemski.
At some point in time, the relationship between Wanda von Dunajew and Severin von Kusiemski arrives at a crisis.
At some point in time, Wanda von Dunajew meets a man named Alexis Papadopolis.
At some point in time, Wanda von Dunajew would like to submit to Alexis Papadopolis.
At some point in time, Alexis Papadopolis is a Byronic hero.
At some point in time, at the end of the book, Severin von Kusiemski is humiliated by Wanda von Dunajew's new lover.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski loses the desire to submit.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski says of Wanda von Dunajew that she is man's enemy.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski states that Wanda von Dunajew can only be man's slave or his despot.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski states that Wanda von Dunajew can never be man's companion.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski states that Wanda von Dunajew can become man's companion only when she has the same rights as he.
At some point in time, Severin von Kusiemski states that Wanda von Dunajew can become man's companion only when she is his equal in education and work.