At some point in time, the play focuses on Don Rodrigue and Chimène.
At some point in time, Don Rodrigue's father is Don Diègue.
At some point in time, Don Diègue is the old upstart general of the Kingdom of Castile.
At some point in time, Don Diègue is past his prime.
At some point in time, Chimène's father is Comte de Gormas.
At some point in time, Comte de Gormas is the successful current general.
At some point in time, Don Rodrigue and Chimène love each other.
At some point in time, Chimène's father insults Don Rodrigue's father.
At some point in time, Rodrigue is torn between his love for Chimène and his duty to avenge his father's honour.
At some point in time, Rodrigue chooses to avenge his father's honour.
At some point in time, Rodrigue faces Comte de Gormas in a duel.
At some point in time, Comte de Gormas is killed in the duel.
At some point in time, Chimène asks the King for Don Rodrigue's head.
At some point in time, the Moors attack.
At some point in time, Rodrigue gets the chance to redeem himself in the eye of the nation.
At some point in time, Rodrigue gets a chance to win back Chimène with honour still satisfied.
At some point in time, Rodrigue's victories on the battlefield win him the renown of the people.
At some point in time, Rodrigue's victories on the battlefield win him the title of "the Cid."
At some point in time, Rodrigue's victories on the battlefield win him the gratitude of the King.
At some point in time, Chimène approaches the King to request that one of his knights duel with Rodrigue.
At some point in time, Chimène requests the duel for her honour's sake.
At some point in time, Chimène's goal is to bring her Rodrigue's head.
At some point in time, Chimène chooses Don Sanche as her champion.
At some point in time, Chimène dislikes Don Sanche.
At some point in time, Chimène agrees to marry whoever is the victor of the duel to the death.
At some point in time, the King agrees to the duel happily.
At some point in time, the King does not want to risk losing Rodrigue.
At some point in time, Rodrigue speaks to Chimène privately.
At some point in time, Rodrigue says that he will not defend himself against what is symbolically "her" hand.
At some point in time, Chimène persuades Rodrigue to do his best.
At some point in time, if Rodrigue wins, he and Chimène will marry.
At some point in time, Don Sanche comes to where Chimène is waiting.
At some point in time, Don Sanche is Chimène's champion.
At some point in time, Don Sanche is carrying a bloody sword.
At some point in time, Chimène assumes the worst without giving Don Sanche the chance to speak.
At some point in time, Chimène feels free to confess her love for Rodrigue.
At some point in time, Chimène believes Rodrigue to be dead.
At some point in time, Don Sanche explains that Rodrigue disarmed him.
At some point in time, Rodrigue granted Don Sanche mercy.
At some point in time, Rodrigue returns straight to the King after the duel.
At some point in time, Don Sanche brings his sword to Chimène.
At some point in time, Chimène and Rodrigue are reluctant to marry because of their history.
At some point in time, the King says that it seemed impossible at first.
At some point in time, the King says that circumstances have proven that Chimène and Rodrigue were meant to be together.
At some point in time, the King realizes that Chimène and Rodrigue need time to adapt.
At some point in time, Chimène will set the date for the wedding.
At some point in time, Chimène will set the date for the wedding up to a year in advance.
At some point in time, Rodrigue is known as the Cid.
At some point in time, Rodrigue will conduct a war against the Moors in their own territory.