At some point in time, the novel begins as the narrator, Jenny, describes her cousin by marriage Kitty Baldry pining in the abandoned nursery.
Kitty Baldry's first son is dead.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry's first son would have been raised in the abandoned nursery.
At some point in time, Jenny occupies herself with the domestic management of the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, the Baldry estate is located just outside London.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry and Jenny are almost completely removed from the horrors of World War I.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry's husband, Chris Baldry, is a British soldier.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry is fighting in France.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey arrives at the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, Margaret Grey wishes to bear news to Kitty Baldry and Jenny.
At some point in time, Jenny and Kitty are surprised to find a drab middle-aged woman.
At some point in time, Margaret tells Jenny and Kitty that the War Office sent her notification of Chris Baldry's injury and return home.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry dismisses Margaret from the estate.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry tries to deny that she could have been the recipient of such information.
At some point in time, another cousin of Jenny notifies Jenny and Kitty that he has visited Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry is obsessing over Margaret.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry had a summer fling with Margaret fifteen years before.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry returns shell-shocked to the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry thinks he is still twenty years old.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry finds himself in a strange world.
At some point in time, the strange world has aged fifteen years beyond Chris Baldry's memory.
At some point in time, Jenny asks Chris Baldry to explain what he is feeling to be true.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry tells Jenny the story of a romantic summer on Monkey Island.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry fell in love with Margaret at the age of twenty.
At some point in time, Margaret is the daughter of the innkeeper on Monkey Island.
At some point in time, the summer ends with a rash departure by Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry's departure is caused by a fit of jealousy.
At some point in time, Jenny travels to nearby Wealdstone to bring Margaret back to Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Jenny wants to help Chris Baldry understand the difference between his remembered past and reality.
At some point in time, Jenny arrives at Margaret's dilapidated row-house.
At some point in time, Margaret is disheveled.
At some point in time, Margaret is taking care of her husband.
At some point in time, Jenny convinces Margaret to return with her to the Baldry estate.
At some point in time, Margaret returns to the Baldry estate to help Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry recognizes Margaret upon her return.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry becomes excited upon recognizing Margaret.
At some point in time, Margaret explains that fifteen years have passed since their Monkey Island summer.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry is now married to Kitty Baldry.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry acknowledges the passage of time intellectually.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry cannot retrieve his memories.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry still pines for Margaret.
At some point in time, Margaret continues to visit Chris Baldry.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry and Jenny are relieved about Chris Baldry's loss of memory.
At some point in time, Jenny and Kitty decide to consult Dr. Gilbert Anderson.
At some point in time, Dr. Gilbert Anderson is a psychoanalyst.
At some point in time, Dr. Anderson arrives during one of Margaret's visits.
At some point in time, Dr. Anderson questions Jenny and Kitty.
At some point in time, Dr. Anderson decides on a course of treatment with the help of Margaret.
At some point in time, Margaret must confront Chris Baldry with proof of his dead child.
At some point in time, Margaret retrieves toys and some of the child's clothing.
At some point in time, Margaret confronts Chris Baldry with the truth.
At some point in time, Chris Baldry regains his memory.
At some point in time, Margaret departs after Chris Baldry regains his memory.
At some point in time, Kitty Baldry rejoices in Chris Baldry's return to a state fit to be a soldier.