At some point in time, King Charles I has been defeated in the civil war in 1647.
At some point in time, King Charles I has fled from London towards the New Forest.
At some point in time, Parliamentary soldiers have been sent to search the New Forest.
At some point in time, Parliamentary soldiers decide to burn Arnwood.
At some point in time, Arnwood is the house of Colonel Beverley.
At some point in time, Colonel Beverley is a Cavalier officer killed at the Battle of Naseby.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood are Edward, Humphrey, Alice, and Edith.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood are believed to have died in the flames.
At some point in time, Jacob Armitage saves the four orphan children of Arnwood.
At some point in time, Jacob Armitage is a local verderer.
At some point in time, Jacob Armitage hides the four orphan children of Arnwood in his isolated cottage.
At some point in time, Jacob Armitage disguises the four orphan children of Arnwood as his grandchildren.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood adapt from an aristocratic lifestyle to that of simple foresters under Jacob Armitage's guidance.
At some point in time, Edward takes charge after Jacob Armitage's death.
At some point in time, the four orphan children of Arnwood develop and expand the farmstead.
At some point in time, Humphrey has an entrepreneurial spirit.
At some point in time, Pablo is a gypsy boy.
At some point in time, Pablo is rescued from a pitfall trap by the four orphan children of Arnwood.
At some point in time, Corbould is a hostile Puritan gamekeeper.
At some point in time, Corbould seeks to harm Edward and his family.
At some point in time, Heatherstone is a sympathetic Puritan.
At some point in time, Heatherstone is placed in charge of the Royal land in the New Forest.
At some point in time, Edward rescues Heatherstone's daughter, Patience, in a house-fire.
At some point in time, Edward leaves the cottage.
At some point in time, Edward refuses to work as a secretary for Heatherstone.
At some point in time, Edward maintains the pretence that he is the grandson of Jacob Armitage.
At some point in time, Edward eventually joins the army of the future King Charles II.
At some point in time, Edward returns to the New Forest after the Royalist defeat at the Battle of Worcester.
At some point in time, Heatherstone has been awarded the old Arnwood estate.
At some point in time, Edward is disillusioned by Heatherstone's award of the old Arnwood estate.
At some point in time, Edward is disillusioned by Patience's apparent rejection of his declarations of love.
At some point in time, Edward flees to France.
At some point in time, Edward's sisters are sent away to be brought up as aristocratic ladies.
At some point in time, Edward's brother continues to live in the New Forest.
At some point in time, Edward learns that Patience loves him.
At some point in time, Heatherstone acquired the Arnwood estate for Edward.
At some point in time, Edward works as a mercenary soldier in exile until the Restoration.
At some point in time, Edward and Patience are reunited after the Restoration.