At some point in time, the synopsis is consistent with the novel in its later forms (1946 and subsequent editions).
At some point in time, the synopsis differs in detail from the original 1928 text as transcribed at Project Gutenberg.
At some point in time, there were significant changes between the 1928 magazine publication and the 1946 hardcover.
At some point in time, there were significant changes between the early hardcovers and the late 1950s and later paperback editions.
At some point in time, the Skylark of Space is the first book of the Skylark series.
At some point in time, the idealistic protagonist is Dick Seaton.
At some point in time, the mercantile antagonist is Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne.
At some point in time, at the beginning of the story, Dick Seaton accidentally discovers a workable space drive.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton discovers the workable space drive by combining pure copper with a newly discovered fictional element "X".
At some point in time, the fictional element "X" is suggested to be a stable transactinide element in the platinum group.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton fails to re-create the effect of the workable space drive.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton realizes that the missing component is a field generated by Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's particle accelerator.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton sets up a business with his millionaire friend, Martin Crane, to build a spaceship.
At some point in time, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne conspires to sabotage Dick Seaton's spaceship.
At some point in time, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne builds his own spaceship from Dick Seaton's plans.
At some point in time, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne uses his spaceship to kidnap Dick Seaton's fiancée, Dorothy Vaneman.
At some point in time, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne kidnaps Dorothy Vaneman to exchange her for the element "X".
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane ignore Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane continue their journey.
At some point in time, in the resulting fight, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship is accidentally set to full acceleration on an uncontrolled trajectory.
At some point in time, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship continues on an uncontrolled trajectory until the copper 'power bar' is exhausted.
At some point in time, the uncontrolled trajectory occurs at a vast distance from Earth's solar system.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane use an "Object Compass" that always points toward an object once locked on.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane follow Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne in their own spaceship, the Skylark.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane aim to rescue Dorothy Vaneman and her fellow-hostage, Margaret "Peg" Spencer.
At some point in time, the Skylark discovers Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne's ship derelict in orbit around a massive dead star.
At some point in time, the massive dead star resembles a cold neutron star.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton obtains a promise from Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne to act as one of the party until they get back to Earth.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne leave orbit and travel further in search of additional fuel.
At some point in time, on an Earthlike exoplanet, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane obtain the element "X" from an outcrop almost purely of that mineral.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane leave the Earthlike exoplanet in search of copper.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane encounter a "Disembodied Intelligence".
At some point in time, the "Disembodied Intelligence" shows attributes similar to those of Star Trek's "Q".
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane enter a cluster of stars nicknamed “The Green System”.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and Martin Crane locate a planet having copper sulfate oceans.
At some point in time, on the Earth-like planet "Osnome", Dick Seaton and Martin Crane befriend the rulers of Mardonale.
At some point in time, Mardonale is one of the two factions of the Osnomian natives.
At some point in time, the Mardonalian ruler attempts to betray Dick Seaton and his friends.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and his friends find allies in Prince Dunark.
At some point in time, Prince Dunark is a crown-prince of Mardonale's rival "Kondal".
At some point in time, Dick Seaton and his friends assist Prince Dunark and his consort Princess Sitar in destroying Mardonale.
At some point in time, the Kondalians make new copper "power bars".
At some point in time, the Kondalians rebuild the Skylark as Skylark Two.
At some point in time, the new Skylark Two has new weapons known to Kondalian science.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton's marriage to Dorothy Vaneman is solemnized by the Kondalian monarchy.
At some point in time, Martin Crane's marriage to Margaret "Peg" Spencer is solemnized by the Kondalian monarchy.
At some point in time, Dick Seaton is declared nominal "Overlord" of Kondal.
At some point in time, the Skylark returns to Earth.
At some point in time, the Skylark is laden with jewels, platinum, radium, and a plenitude of "X".
At some point in time, near Earth, Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne leaves the Skylark by parachute.
At some point in time, the story ends with the Skylark's landing on Crane's Field.