At some point in time, the name of the Pentamerone comes from Greek πέντε [pénte], ‘five’.
At some point in time, the name of the Pentamerone comes from Greek ἡμέρα [hêméra], ‘day’.
At some point in time, the Pentamerone is structured around a fantastic frame story.
At some point in time, fifty stories are related over the course of five days in the Pentamerone.
At some point in time, the Decameron compendium of Tuscany has ten stories.
At some point in time, the frame story of the Pentamerone features a cursed, melancholy princess named Zoza.
At some point in time, "Zoza" means "mud" or "slime" in Neapolitan.
At some point in time, "Zoza" is also used as a term of endearment.
Zoza cannot laugh, no matter what her father does to amuse her.
At some point in time, Zoza's father sets up a fountain of oil by the door.
At some point in time, Zoza's father thinks people slipping in the oil would make Zoza laugh.
At some point in time, an old woman tries to gather oil from the fountain.
At some point in time, a page boy breaks the old woman's jug.
At some point in time, the old woman grows angry after the page boy breaks her jug.
At some point in time, the old woman dances about in her anger.
At some point in time, Zoza laughs at the old woman dancing.
At some point in time, the old woman curses Zoza to marry only the prince of Round-Field.
At some point in time, Zoza can only wake the prince of Round-Field by filling a pitcher with tears in three days.
At some point in time, Zoza receives aid from fairies.
At some point in time, the fairies give gifts to Zoza.
At some point in time, Zoza finds the prince of Round-Field.
At some point in time, Zoza finds the pitcher needed to wake the prince.
At some point in time, Zoza nearly fills the pitcher when she falls asleep.
At some point in time, a Moorish slave returns the pitcher to Zoza.
At some point in time, the Moorish slave finishes filling the pitcher.
At some point in time, the Moorish slave helps Zoza claim the prince of Round-Field.
At some point in time, the frame story of the Pentamerone is a fairy tale.
At some point in time, the frame story combines motifs that appear in other stories.
At some point in time, the princess who cannot laugh appears in "The Magic Swan."
At some point in time, the princess who cannot laugh appears in "Golden Goose."
At some point in time, the princess who cannot laugh appears in "The Princess Who Never Smiled."
At some point in time, the curse to marry only one hard-to-find person appears in "Snow-White-Fire-Red."
At some point in time, the curse to marry only one hard-to-find person appears in "Anthousa, Xanthousa, Chrisomalousa."
At some point in time, the heroine falling asleep while trying to save the hero appears in "The Sleeping Prince."
At some point in time, the heroine losing the hero because of trickery appears in "Nourie Hadig."
At some point in time, the now-pregnant slave-queen demands that her husband tell her stories.
At some point in time, the now-pregnant slave-queen demands stories at the impetus of Zoza's fairy gifts.
At some point in time, the now-pregnant slave-queen would crush the unborn child if her husband does not tell her stories.
At some point in time, the husband hires ten female storytellers to keep the now-pregnant slave-queen amused.
At some point in time, Zoza is disguised among the ten female storytellers.
At some point in time, each storyteller tells five stories.
At some point in time, most of the stories are more suitable to courtly audiences.
At some point in time, most of the stories are not suitable to juvenile audiences.
At some point in time, the Moorish woman's treachery is revealed in the final story.
At some point in time, Zoza relates the final story.
At some point in time, the Moorish woman is buried, pregnant, up to her neck in the ground.
At some point in time, the Moorish woman is left to die.
At some point in time, Zoza and the Prince of Round-Field live happily ever after.
At some point in time, many of the fairy tales in the Pentamerone are the oldest known variants in existence.
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Tale of the Ogre."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Myrtle."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Peruonto."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Vardiello."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Flea."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Cenerentola," translated in English as "Cinderella."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Merchant."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Goat-Face."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Enchanted Doe."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Sisters."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Parsley," a variant of "Rapunzel."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Green Meadow."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Violet."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Pippo," a variant of "Puss In Boots."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Snake."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The She-Bear," a variant of "Allerleirauh."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Dove," a variant of "Snow-White-Fire-Red."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Young Slave," a variant of "Snow White."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Padlock."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Buddy."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Cannetella."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Penta of the Chopped-off Hands," a variant of "The Girl Without Hands."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Face."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Sapia Liccarda."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Cockroach, the Mouse, and the Cricket."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Garlic Patch."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Corvetto."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Booby."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Rosella."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Fairies."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Stone in the Cock's Head."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Two Brothers."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Enchanted Princes."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Seven Little Pork Rinds."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Dragon."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Crowns."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Two Cakes," a variant of "Diamonds and Toads."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Seven Doves," a variant of "The Seven Ravens."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Raven."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Pride Punished," a variant of "King Thrushbeard."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Goose."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Months."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Pintosmalto."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Golden Root," a variant of "Cupid and Psyche."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Sun, Moon, and Talia," a variant of "Sleeping Beauty."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Sapia."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Five Sons."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "Nennillo and Nennella," a variant of "Brother and Sister."
At some point in time, the fairy tales in the Pentamerone include "The Three Citrons," a variant of "The Love for Three Oranges."