At some point in time, Conan forcefully demands passage aboard a sail barge named the Argus.
At some point in time, The Argus is casting off for southern waters.
At some point in time, The Argus is trading beads, silks, sugar, and brass-hilted swords to the black kings of Kush.
At some point in time, The captain of the barge objects to Conan's demand to travel without paying for the passage.
At some point in time, Conan threatens the captain and the crew with his drawn sword.
At some point in time, The captain agrees to let Conan stay on board.
At some point in time, The captain believes it would be useful to have a fighting man on the voyage.
At some point in time, Conan and the captain, named Tito, become quite friendly.
At some point in time, The captain is informed that Conan is fleeing the civil authorities of Argos.
At some point in time, Conan is fleeing due to a court dispute.
At some point in time, Conan refused to betray the whereabouts of a casual friend to a fascistic magistrate.
At some point in time, Conan drew his sword and killed the magistrate.
At some point in time, Conan had to swiftly flee after killing the magistrate.
At this moment, Conan was a complete land-lubber.
At some point in time, Conan had no previous experience or knowledge of the sea.
At some point in time, The trade ship is attacked by infamous reavers led by Bêlit.
At some point in time, Bêlit is the Queen of the Black Coast.
At some point in time, Bêlit and her ebony-skinned warriors slaughter the crew of the Argus.
At some point in time, The crew of the Argus are no match for the ferocious pirates.
At some point in time, Conan tries to rally the crew after Tito was killed.
At some point in time, The fight becomes clearly hopeless.
At some point in time, Conan manages to jump aboard the pirate ship.
At some point in time, Conan sells his life dearly.
At some point in time, Conan kills many of the pirates.
At some point in time, Conan fully expects to be overwhelmed and killed.
At some point in time, Bêlit orders her crew to step back and spare Conan.
At some point in time, Bêlit is impressed with Conan's courage and ferocity.
At some point in time, Bêlit is sexually attracted to Conan.
At some point in time, Bêlit offers Conan the chance to sail with her.
At some point in time, Bêlit offers Conan the chance to be her chosen mate.
At some point in time, Bêlit offers Conan the chance to help lead her fierce warriors.
At some point in time, Conan is unimpressed by Bêlit.
At some point in time, Conan refuses Bêlit's offer.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan raid the Black Coast together.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan brutally pillage coastal towns.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan instill fear into the superstitious natives.
At some point in time, The Hyborian legends begin that Bêlit has found a mate, Conan.
At some point in time, Conan is described as an iron man whose wrath is that of a wounded lion.
At some point in time, Survivors of butchered Stygian ships curse the name of Bêlit.
At some point in time, Survivors of butchered Stygian ships curse the name of Conan.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan sail up a nameless river.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan encounter ancient ruins.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan find a lost treasure in the ancient ruins.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan find a winged monstrosity in the ancient ruins.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan find skulking hyenas that were once men in the ancient ruins.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan experience bizarre murders of their crew.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan encounter various horrors lurking in the jungle.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan find time for a thorough theological discussion.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan compare Conan's grim god Crom with Bêlit's more ambiguous Semite deities.
At some point in time, Bêlit and Conan discuss their theological differences in between continuing their sexual romance.
At some point in time, Howard alludes to Bêlit and Conan's sexual romance having sadomasochistic undertones.
At some point in time, In a moment of passion, Bêlit promises that even death could not keep her from Conan's side.
At some point in time, Bêlit must keep her promise far sooner than she expects.
At some point in time, Bêlit is captivated by a cursed jeweled necklace found among the lost treasure.
At some point in time, The cursed jeweled necklace seemingly instills the wearer with a mix of madness and monomania.
At some point in time, Bêlit issues faulty orders due to her twisted mental state.
At some point in time, Bêlit's crew is soon decimated.
At some point in time, Bêlit is hanged by the winged monster.
At some point in time, Conan is driven to rage and is now alone.
At some point in time, Conan confronts Bêlit's supernatural murderer.
At some point in time, Conan is on the verge of being slain.
At some point in time, The spirit of Bêlit intervenes to help Conan.
At some point in time, Conan slays the winged horror.
At some point in time, Conan leaves the ruins in Bêlit's ship with her corpse.
At some point in time, Conan gives Bêlit a Viking funeral.
At some point in time, Conan sets on fire the ship with Bêlit surrounded by all her treasures.
At some point in time, Conan reflects upon his loss.