At some point in time, Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet are three feline siblings.
At some point in time, Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet are tumbling about the doorstep.
At some point in time, Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet are playing in the dust.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit is the mother of Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit expects fine company for tea.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit fetches Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet indoors.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit washes Mittens, Tom Kitten, and Moppet before her friends arrive.
Tom Kitten is very well-behaved.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten scratches Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit while she grooms him.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit dresses Moppet in a clean pinafore.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit dresses Mittens in a clean pinafore.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit dresses Tom Kitten in all sorts of elegant uncomfortable clothes.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit takes the clothes for Tom Kitten from a chest of drawers.
Tom Kitten is fat.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten bursts several buttons.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit sews the buttons back on Tom Kitten's clothes.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit turns her kittens into the garden.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit turns her kittens into the garden to keep them out of the way.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit makes hot buttered toast for the party.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep their frocks clean.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep away from the pigsty.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep away from the dirty ash pit.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep away from Sally Henny Penny.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit tells her kittens to keep away from the Puddle-Ducks.
At some point in time, Moppet and Mittens soon have their pinafores smeared with grass stains.
At some point in time, Moppet and Mittens climb upon the garden wall.
At some point in time, Moppet and Mittens lose some of their clothing in the ascent.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten has a more difficult time gaining the top of the wall.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten breaks the ferns while gaining the top of the wall.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten sheds buttons right and left while gaining the top of the wall.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten is disheveled when he reaches the top of the wall.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten loses his hat when he reaches the top of the wall.
At some point in time, Mittens and Moppet try to pull Tom Kitten together.
At some point in time, the rest of Tom Kitten's buttons burst.
At some point in time, three Puddle-ducks come marching along the road.
At some point in time, Jemima Puddle-duck and Rebeccah put on some of the dropped clothing.
At some point in time, the kittens lose the rest of their clothing descending the wall.
At some point in time, Moppet invites Mr. Drake Puddle-duck to help dress Tom Kitten.
At some point in time, Mr. Drake Puddle-duck picks up various articles of Tom Kitten's clothing.
At some point in time, Mr. Drake Puddle-duck puts the clothing on himself.
At some point in time, the three ducks set off up the road.
At some point in time, Tabitha approaches just as the three ducks set off up the road.
At some point in time, Tabitha discovers her three children with no clothes on.
At some point in time, Tabitha pulls her three children off the wall.
At some point in time, Tabitha smacks her three children.
At some point in time, Tabitha takes her three children back to the house.
At some point in time, Tabitha says her friends will arrive in a minute.
At some point in time, Tabitha says her three children are not fit to be seen.
At some point in time, Tabitha says she is affronted.
At some point in time, Tabitha sends her kittens upstairs.
At some point in time, Tabitha tells her guests that her kittens are in bed with the measles.
At some point in time, the dignity and repose of the tea party is disturbed by very extraordinary noises overhead.
At some point in time, the playful kittens romp in a bedroom.
At some point in time, an illustration depicts the bedroom in complete disorder.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten is depicted in his mother's bonnet in the illustration.
At some point in time, the next illustration shows Tabitha entering the room.
At some point in time, the author promises the reader she will make a larger book about Tom Kitten some day.
At some point in time, the Puddle-ducks have lost the kittens' clothing in a pond.
At some point in time, the Puddle-ducks have been looking for the kittens' clothing ever since.