At some point in time, Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's deepening happiness in her professional relationship with Norman Warne.
At some point in time, Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's deepening happiness in her personal relationship with Norman Warne.
At some point in time, Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's delight in trouncing the rigors of middle class domesticity.
At some point in time, Two Bad Mice reflects Beatrix Potter's delight in trouncing the strictures of middle class domesticity.
At some point in time, the mice wreak destruction in Two Bad Mice.
At some point in time, the destruction the mice wreak is miniaturized.
At some point in time, the destruction the mice wreak is more amusing than serious.
At some point in time, Beatrix Potter enjoyed developing a tale in Two Bad Mice.
At some point in time, Beatrix Potter enjoyed developing a tale that gave her the vicarious thrill of improper behaviour.
Beatrix Potter would never have entertained the sort of improper behaviour depicted in Two Bad Mice in real life.
At some point in time, the tale in Two Bad Mice begins with "once upon a time".
At some point in time, the tale in Two Bad Mice includes a description of a "very beautiful doll's-house".
At some point in time, the doll's-house in Two Bad Mice belongs to a doll called Lucinda.
At some point in time, the doll's-house in Two Bad Mice belongs to a cook-doll called Jane.
Jane never cooks in Two Bad Mice.
At some point in time, the doll's-house food is made of plaster.
At some point in time, the doll's-house food was bought ready-made.
At some point in time, the doll's-house food was bought in a box full of shavings.
At some point in time, the food in the doll's-house will not come off the plates.
At some point in time, the food in the doll's-house is extremely beautiful.
At some point in time, one morning, the dolls leave the nursery for a drive in their perambulator.
At some point in time, no one is in the nursery when Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca peep out.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca are two mice living under the skirting board.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca cross the hearthrug to the doll's-house.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca open the door of the doll's-house.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca enter the doll's-house.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca squeak for joy when they discover the dining table set for dinner.
At some point in time, the dining table in the doll's-house is set for dinner.
At some point in time, the dining table in the doll's-house is all so convenient.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb discovers the food is plaster.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb loses his temper after discovering the food is plaster.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca smash every dish on the table.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca make a noise described as "bang, bang, smash, smash!"
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca try to burn one dish in the red-hot crinkly paper fire.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb stays on the ground floor of the doll's-house.
At some point in time, Hunca Munca empties the kitchen canisters of their red and blue beads.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb takes the dolls' dresses from the chest of drawers.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb tosses the dolls' dresses out the window.
At some point in time, Hunca Munca pulls the feathers from the dolls' bolster.
At some point in time, Hunca Munca remembers she needs a bolster.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca take the dolls' bolster to their mouse-hole.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca carry off several small odds and ends from the doll's-house.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb and Hunca Munca carry off a cradle from the doll's-house.
At some point in time, a bird cage will not fit through the mouse-hole.
At some point in time, a bookcase will not fit through the mouse-hole.
At some point in time, the nursery door suddenly opens.
At some point in time, the dolls return in their perambulator.
At some point in time, Lucinda and Jane are speechless when they behold the vandalism in their house.
At some point in time, the little girl who owns the doll's-house gets a policeman doll.
At some point in time, the little girl positions the policeman doll at the front door.
At some point in time, the nurse is more practical than the little girl.
At some point in time, the nurse sets a mouse-trap.
At some point in time, the narrator believes the mice are not so very naughty after all.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb pays for his crimes with a crooked sixpence.
At some point in time, Tom Thumb places the crooked sixpence in the doll's stocking on Christmas Eve.
At some point in time, Hunca Munca atones for her hand in the destruction.
At some point in time, Hunca Munca sweeps the doll's-house every morning with her dust-pan and broom.