At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe are two young French women.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu was born in 1805 and died in 1835.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe was born in 1807.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe become close friends during their novitiate at the Carmelite convent of Blois.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe leave the convent.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu chooses a life of romance.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe takes a pragmatic approach to life.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe preserve their friendship through correspondence.
At some point in time, the correspondence between Louise de Chaulieu and Renée de Maucombe continues for a dozen years from 1823 through 1835.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu is expected to sacrifice herself for her two brothers.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu refuses to submit to the expectation of taking the veil.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu's dying grandmother intercedes on her behalf.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu's grandmother bequeaths her fortune to Louise de Chaulieu.
At some point in time, the bequest rescues Louise de Chaulieu from the enclosed life of a Carmelite nun.
At some point in time, the bequest leaves Louise de Chaulieu financially independent.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu is free to assist her brothers financially.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu does not have to sacrifice her own ambitions.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu settles in Paris.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu throws herself into a life of Italian operas, masked balls, and romantic intrigues.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu falls in love with Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer is an unbecoming but noble Spaniard.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer is banished from Spain.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer lives incognito in Paris.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer is forced to support himself by teaching Spanish.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer regains his fortune and noble standing.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer woos Louise de Chaulieu with romantic fervor.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer finally wins over Louise de Chaulieu.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer and Louise de Chaulieu are married in March 1825.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer and Louise de Chaulieu live a life of carefree happiness.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu's jealousy embitters Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu's jealousy leads to Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer's physical breakdown.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer dies in 1829.
At some point in time, Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer leaves a grieving widow, Louise de Chaulieu, who is twenty-four years old.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe's attitude to love and life is in marked contrast to Louise de Chaulieu's attitude.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe leaves the convent at Blois.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe moves to Provence.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe marries an older man of little wealth or standing.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe can hardly be said to love her husband.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe bears Louis de L'Estorade three children.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe devotes herself body and soul to the happiness of her family over the course of the next decade.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe gradually grows to love her husband in her own way.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe encourages Louis de L'Estorade to make a career for himself in local politics.
At some point in time, Louis de L'Estorade's career culminates in his becoming a peer of France.
At some point in time, Louis de L'Estorade's career culminates in his becoming a grand officer of the Legion of Honour.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe is quite supportive of Louise de Chaulieu.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe sees Louise de Chaulieu as a selfish and self-indulgent coquette.
At some point in time, true happiness for a woman lies in motherhood and devotion to her family.
At some point in time, four years after the death of Felipe Hénarez, Baron de Macumer, Louise de Chaulieu falls in love again.
At some point in time, the object of Louise de Chaulieu's love is a poor poet and playwright named Marie Gaston.
At some point in time, Marie Gaston is several years younger than Louise de Chaulieu.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu sells her Parisian property.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu moves to a chalet in Ville d'Avray.
At some point in time, Ville d'Avray is a small village near Paris.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu lives a life of seclusion with Marie Gaston.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe is not fooled by Louise de Chaulieu's masquerade.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe warns Louise de Chaulieu that she is still living a life devoted to selfishness and self-indulgence.
At some point in time, true happiness lies only in self-sacrifice to one's husband and children.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu remains childless.
At some point in time, after a few years of apparent bliss, Louise de Chaulieu detects a change in Marie Gaston.
At some point in time, Marie Gaston becomes solicitous about the financial success of his plays.
At some point in time, a large sum of money goes missing.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu suspects Marie Gaston of having an expensive mistress.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu makes enquiries about Marie Gaston.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu comes to the conclusion that Marie Gaston has another family in Paris.
At some point in time, the other family consists of an Englishwoman known by the name Madame Gaston and two children.
At some point in time, the two children look remarkably like Marie Gaston.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu confides her feelings of despair to Renée de Maucombe.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu announces her determination to commit suicide.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu prefers to commit suicide rather than submit to such a fate.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe's husband makes enquiries.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe's husband discovers the truth of the situation.
At some point in time, Madame Gaston is the widow of Marie Gaston's brother.
At some point in time, the death of Madame Gaston's husband has left her financially destitute.
At some point in time, Marie Gaston has taken it upon himself to assist Madame Gaston and his two nephews.
At some point in time, Marie Gaston is ashamed to ask Louise de Chaulieu for money.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe writes to Louise de Chaulieu to inform her of the truth.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe rushes to the chalet.
At some point in time, Renée de Maucombe is too late to save Louise de Chaulieu.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu has contracted consumption.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu contracts consumption by lying out in the dew overnight.
At some point in time, Louise de Chaulieu dies a few days later.