At some point in time, Yorick's journey starts in Calais.
At some point in time, Yorick meets a monk who begs for donations to the monk's convent.
At some point in time, Yorick initially refuses to give the monk anything.
At some point in time, Yorick later regrets his decision to refuse the monk.
At some point in time, Yorick and the monk exchange their snuff-boxes.
At some point in time, Yorick buys a chaise to continue his journey.
At some point in time, the next town Yorick visits is Montreuil.
At some point in time, Yorick hires a servant to accompany him on his journey.
At some point in time, the servant's name is La Fleur.
At some point in time, during Yorick's stay in Paris, Yorick is informed that the police inquired for Yorick's passport at Yorick's hotel.
At some point in time, without a passport, Yorick risks imprisonment in the Bastille.
England is at war with France.
At some point in time, Sterne traveled to Paris in January 1762.
At some point in time, the Seven Years' War had not ended when Sterne traveled to Paris.
At some point in time, Yorick decides to travel to Versailles.
At some point in time, Yorick visits the Count de B**** to acquire a passport.
At some point in time, Yorick notices the Count reads Hamlet.
At some point in time, the Count points with his finger at Yorick's name.
At some point in time, the Count mentions that he is Yorick.
At some point in time, the Count mistakes Yorick for the king's jester.
At some point in time, the Count quickly procures a passport for Yorick.
At some point in time, Yorick fails in his attempt to correct the Count.
At some point in time, Yorick remains satisfied with receiving his passport quickly.
At some point in time, Yorick returns to Paris.
At some point in time, Yorick continues his voyage to Italy after staying in Paris for a few more days.
At some point in time, Yorick decides to visit Maria in Moulins.
At some point in time, Maria was introduced in Sterne's previous novel, Tristram Shandy.
At some point in time, Maria's mother tells Yorick that Maria has been filled with joy since Maria's husband died.
At some point in time, Yorick consoles Maria.
At some point in time, Yorick leaves after consoling Maria.
At some point in time, Yorick passes Lyon during his journey.
At some point in time, Yorick spends the night in a roadside inn.
At some point in time, there is only one bedroom in the roadside inn.
At some point in time, Yorick is forced to share the room with a lady and the lady's chamber-maid.
At some point in time, Yorick cannot sleep during the night.
At some point in time, Yorick accidentally breaks his promise to remain silent during the night.
At some point in time, an altercation with the lady ensues because Yorick breaks his promise.
At some point in time, during the confusion, Yorick accidentally grabs hold of something belonging to the chamber-maid.
At some point in time, Yorick stretches out his hand.
At some point in time, Yorick catches hold of the chamber-maid's hand.
At some point in time, the last line is: "when I stretch'd out my hand I caught hold of the fille de chambre's...End of vol II." The last word is omitted in the last line.
At some point in time, the last line can be interpreted in multiple ways.
At some point in time, one interpretation is that Yorick stretches out his hand and catches the chamber-maid's hand.
At some point in time, another interpretation is that Yorick grabs the Fille de Chambre's 'End'.