At some point in time, the focus of the novel shifts from John Carter, Warlord of Mars, and Dejah Thoris of Helium to Carthoris, prince of Helium, and Thuvia, princess of Ptarth.
At some point in time, Helium is a prominent Barsoomian city state/empire.
At some point in time, Ptarth is a prominent Barsoomian city state/empire.
At some point in time, Carthoris was a secondary character in the previous novel.
At some point in time, Thuvia was a secondary character in the previous novel.
At some point in time, the plot devices of this novel are similar to the previous Martian novels.
At some point in time, the plot involves the kidnapping of a Martian princess.
At some point in time, John Carter's son Carthoris is implicated in the kidnapping.
At some point in time, the novel includes an autopilot for Martian fliers.
At some point in time, the novel includes a collision detection device for Martian fliers.
At some point in time, the novel includes the creation of the Lotharians.
At some point in time, the Lotharians are a race of ancient Martians.
At some point in time, the Lotharians have become adept at telepathic projection.
At some point in time, the Lotharians are able to create imaginary warriors that can kill.
At some point in time, the Lotharians can sustain themselves through thought alone.
At some point in time, Carthoris is madly in love with Thuvia.
At some point in time, the love of Carthoris for Thuvia was foreshadowed at the end of the previous novel.
At some point in time, Thuvia is promised to Kulan Tith, Jeddak of Kaol.
Nothing can break an engagement between a man and woman on Barsoom except death.
At some point in time, a new suitor may not cause the death that breaks an engagement.
At some point in time, Thuvia will have none of Kulan Tith.
At some point in time, Carthoris is left in a predicament.
At some point in time, Thuvia suffers the common Burroughsian heroine's fate of being kidnapped.
At some point in time, Thuvia is in need of rescue.
At some point in time, Carthoris' goal is to find a way to forget the love of his life.
At some point in time, Carthoris' craft is sabotaged.
At some point in time, Carthoris finds himself deep in the undiscovered south of Barsoom.
At some point in time, Carthoris is in the ruins of ancient Aanthor.
At some point in time, Thuvia's kidnappers, the Dusar, have taken her to the ruins of ancient Aanthor.
At some point in time, Carthoris spots Thuvia and her kidnappers under assault by a green man of the hordes of Torquas.
At some point in time, Carthoris leaps to Thuvia's rescue.
At some point in time, Carthoris rescues Thuvia in the style of his father.
At some point in time, the rescue takes Carthoris and Thuvia to ancient Lothar.
At some point in time, ancient Lothar is home to an ancient fair-skinned human race.
At some point in time, the ancient fair-skinned human race is gifted with the ability to create lifelike phantasms from pure thought.
At some point in time, the ancient fair-skinned human race habitually uses large numbers of phantom bowmen.
At some point in time, the ancient fair-skinned human race pairs phantom bowmen with real and phantom banths to defend themselves.
At some point in time, banths are Barsoomian lions.
At some point in time, the kidnapping of Thuvia is done in such a way that Carthoris is blamed.
At some point in time, the blame placed on Carthoris ignites a war between the red nations of Barsoom.
At some point in time, Carthoris must try to be back in time with Thuvia.
At some point in time, Carthoris must try to stop the war from breaking loose.
At some point in time, Carthoris wonders if his love will ever be requited by Thuvia.