At some point in time, the short story takes place in a land ruled by a semi-barbaric king.
At some point in time, some of the king's ideas are progressive.
At some point in time, some of the king's ideas cause people to suffer.
At some point in time, one of the king's innovations is the use of a public trial by ordeal.
At some point in time, the public trial by ordeal serves as an agent of poetic justice.
At some point in time, guilt or innocence is decided by the result of chance.
At some point in time, a person accused of a crime is brought into a public arena.
At some point in time, the accused must choose one of two doors.
At some point in time, behind one door is a lady whom the king has deemed an appropriate match for the accused.
At some point in time, behind the other door is a fierce, hungry tiger.
At some point in time, both doors are heavily soundproofed.
At some point in time, the soundproofing prevents the accused from hearing what is behind each door.
At some point in time, if the accused chooses the door with the lady behind it, the accused is innocent.
At some point in time, if the accused chooses the door with the lady behind it, the accused must immediately marry the lady.
At some point in time, if the accused chooses the door with the tiger behind it, the accused is deemed guilty.
At some point in time, if the accused chooses the door with the tiger behind it, the accused is immediately set free.
At some point in time, the king learns that his daughter has a lover.
At some point in time, the lover is a handsome and brave youth.
At some point in time, the lover is of lower status than the princess.
At some point in time, the king has the lover imprisoned to await trial.
At some point in time, by the time the trial day comes, the princess has used her influence.
At some point in time, the princess has learned the positions of the lady and the tiger behind the two doors.
At some point in time, the princess discovers that the lady is someone whom she hates.
At some point in time, the princess thinks the lady is a rival for the affections of the accused.
At some point in time, when the accused looks to the princess for help, the princess discreetly indicates the door on the right.
At some point in time, the accused opens the door on the right.
At some point in time, the outcome of the accused's choice is not revealed.
At some point in time, the narrator departs from the story to summarize the princess's state of mind.
At some point in time, the narrator summarizes the princess's thoughts about directing the accused to one fate or the other.
At some point in time, the princess believes she will lose the accused to either death or marriage.
At some point in time, the story ends with the question about what came out of the opened door.
At some point in time, the question is whether the lady or the tiger came out of the opened door.