At some point in time, Princess Petulant is a spoiled eight-year-old girl.
Princess Petulant cannot be pleased at any cost.
At some point in time, The King gathers his council together.
At some point in time, The King wants to find a toy for Princess Petulant that will surpass all others.
At some point in time, The Prime Minister volunteers his son Martin to find Princess Petulant a special toy.
At some point in time, Martin talks with Princess Petulant.
At some point in time, Martin promises to return in four weeks with an amazing toy.
At some point in time, Martin encounters Bobolink, the Purple Enchanter.
At some point in time, Bobolink knows everything.
At some point in time, Martin hopes that Bobolink will help him find his way to The Wonderful Toymaker.
At some point in time, Bobolink is annoyed about having to provide information about everything to everyone.
At some point in time, Bobolink is initially reluctant to assist Martin.
At some point in time, Martin's lack of flattery towards Bobolink serves as a refreshing change.
At some point in time, Bobolink soon becomes eager to help Martin.
At some point in time, Bobolink tells Martin that his next step is to reach the pine dwarfs.
At some point in time, Bobolink warns Martin to avoid conversation with the creatures.
At some point in time, if Martin engages in conversation with the creatures, he will be stuck in the country of conversation forever.
At some point in time, Martin almost makes it through the country of conversation without speaking.
At some point in time, Martin becomes distracted and engages in conversation with a fish.
At some point in time, Martin's error forces him to "become conversation." Martin is trapped with no way out.
At some point in time, Princess Petulant continues to wait patiently.
At some point in time, Princess Petulant eventually becomes very upset that Martin has not returned with her toy.
At some point in time, The council becomes worried.
At some point in time, The council contemplates where Martin could possibly be.
At some point in time, Princess Petulant is alone and sobbing.
At some point in time, A pine dwarf confronts Princess Petulant.
At some point in time, The pine dwarf promises to bring Princess Petulant to the waterfall.
At some point in time, The pine dwarf promises to show Princess Petulant the way to Martin.
At some point in time, Princess Petulant stuffs her ears with cotton.
At some point in time, Princess Petulant begins her journey.
At some point in time, Princess Petulant finally makes it to Martin without speaking a single word.
At some point in time, Martin and Princess Petulant are both able to escape.
At some point in time, Martin and Princess Petulant run as fast as they can to the toyshop.
At some point in time, The Toymaker is pleased to see Martin and Princess Petulant.
At some point in time, The Toymaker wishes that Martin and Princess Petulant stay and play with him forever.
At some point in time, Martin and Princess Petulant play with the best toys they have ever seen.
At some point in time, Martin and Princess Petulant finally satisfy Princess Petulant's desire for a new toy.
At some point in time, The King is Princess Petulant's uncle.
At some point in time, Martin and Princess Petulant tell the Toymaker that they are unable to stay.
At some point in time, The Toymaker is sad.
At some point in time, The Toymaker assists Martin and Princess Petulant in their journey home.
At some point in time, Upon their return, Martin and Princess Petulant tell the entire story to a Royal Historian.
At some point in time, The Royal Historian records the entire story in the very book in which this story is contained.