At some point in time, the plot concerns the children of the Duke of Omnium, Plantagenet Palliser, and his late wife, Lady Glencora.
At some point in time, Lady Glencora dies unexpectedly.
At some point in time, the Duke of Omnium is left to deal with his grownup children.
At some point in time, the Duke of Omnium has a close relationship with his grownup children.
At some point in time, the government in which the Duke of Omnium is Prime Minister has fallen.
At some point in time, the Duke of Omnium is left bereft of his beloved wife.
At some point in time, the Duke of Omnium is left bereft of his political position.
At some point in time, before her death, Lady Glencora gave her secret blessing to her daughter Mary's courtship by Frank Tregear.
At some point in time, Frank Tregear is a poor gentleman.
At some point in time, Frank Tregear is a friend of Lord Silverbridge.
At some point in time, Lord Silverbridge is the Duke of Omnium's older son and heir.
At some point in time, Mrs. Finn is Lady Glencora's dearest confidante.
At some point in time, Mrs. Finn remains after the funeral as a companion for Mary at the Duke's request.
At some point in time, Mrs. Finn remains after the funeral as an unofficial chaperone for Mary at the Duke's request.
At some point in time, Mrs. Finn becomes aware of the seriousness of the relationship between Mary and Frank.
At some point in time, Mrs. Finn insists that the Duke of Omnium be informed about the seriousness of the relationship.
At some point in time, the Duke of Omnium has two sons.
At some point in time, Lord Silverbridge follows the wishes of the Duke of Omnium by entering Parliament.
At some point in time, Lord Silverbridge had proposed to Lady Mabel Grex.
At some point in time, Lord Silverbridge has known Lady Mabel Grex all his life.
At some point in time, Lady Mabel Grex turned down Lord Silverbridge's proposal.
At some point in time, Lady Mabel Grex indicated a more welcoming answer another time.
At some point in time, Lord Silverbridge becomes enamoured with American heiress Isabel Boncassen.
At some point in time, Isabel Boncassen agrees to marry Lord Silverbridge.
At some point in time, Isabel Boncassen agrees to marry Lord Silverbridge only if the Duke of Omnium is willing to welcome her into the family.
At some point in time, at first, the Duke of Omnium disapproves of Isabel Boncassen.
At some point in time, the Duke of Omnium disapproves even more of his daughter's suitor.
At some point in time, Gerald, the younger son, gets himself expelled from Cambridge.
At some point in time, Gerald gets himself expelled from Cambridge after attending the Derby without permission.
At some point in time, by the end of the book, the Duke of Omnium grows closer to all three of his children.
At some point in time, the Duke of Omnium allows the engagements of both his son and daughter.
At some point in time, the Duke of Omnium is invited once more to take a part in the government.