At some point in time, the name of the Pentamerone comes from Greek πέντε [pénte], ‘five’.
At some point in time, the name of the Pentamerone comes from Greek ἡμέρα [hêméra], ‘day’.
At some point in time, the Pentamerone is structured around a fantastic frame story.
At some point in time, fifty stories are related over the course of five days in the Pentamerone.
At some point in time, the Decameron compendium of Tuscany has ten stories.
At some point in time, the frame story of the Pentamerone features a cursed, melancholy princess named Zoza.
At some point in time, the name Zoza means "mud" or "slime" in Neapolitan.
At some point in time, the name Zoza is also used as a term of endearment.
Zoza cannot laugh, no matter what her father does to amuse her.
At some point in time, Zoza's father sets up a fountain of oil by the door.
At some point in time, Zoza's father thinks people slipping in the oil would make Zoza laugh.
At some point in time, an old woman tries to gather oil from the fountain.
At some point in time, a page boy breaks the old woman's jug.
At some point in time, the old woman grows angry after the page boy breaks her jug.
At some point in time, the old woman dances about in her anger.
At some point in time, Zoza laughs at the old woman dancing.
At some point in time, the old woman curses Zoza to marry only the prince of Round-Field.
At some point in time, Zoza can only wake the prince of Round-Field by filling a pitcher with tears in three days.
At some point in time, Zoza receives no help from fairies.
At some point in time, the fairies do not give Zoza any gifts.
At some point in time, Zoza finds the prince of Round-Field.
At some point in time, Zoza finds the pitcher.
At some point in time, Zoza nearly fills the pitcher when she falls asleep.
At some point in time, a Moorish slave steals the pitcher from Zoza.
At some point in time, the Moorish slave finishes filling the pitcher.
At some point in time, the Moorish slave claims the prince of Round-Field.
At some point in time, the frame story of the Pentamerone is a fairy tale.
At some point in time, the frame story combines motifs that appear in other stories.
At some point in time, the princess who cannot laugh appears in The Magic Swan.
At some point in time, the princess who cannot laugh appears in Golden Goose.
At some point in time, the princess who cannot laugh appears in The Princess Who Never Smiled.
At some point in time, the curse to marry only one hard-to-find person appears in Snow-White-Fire-Red.
At some point in time, the curse to marry only one hard-to-find person appears in Anthousa, Xanthousa, Chrisomalousa.
At some point in time, the heroine falling asleep while trying to save the hero appears in The Sleeping Prince.
At some point in time, the heroine losing the hero because of trickery appears in Nourie Hadig.
At some point in time, the now-pregnant slave-queen demands that her husband tell her stories.
At some point in time, the now-pregnant slave-queen demands stories at the impetus of Zoza's fairy gifts.
At some point in time, the now-pregnant slave-queen would crush her unborn child if her husband does not tell her stories.
At some point in time, the husband hires ten female storytellers to keep the now-pregnant slave-queen amused.
At some point in time, Zoza is disguised among the ten female storytellers.
At some point in time, each storyteller tells five stories.
At some point in time, most of the stories are more suitable to courtly audiences.
At some point in time, most of the stories are not suitable to juvenile audiences.
At some point in time, the Moorish woman's treachery is revealed in the final story.
At some point in time, Zoza relates the final story.
At some point in time, the Moorish woman is buried, pregnant, up to her neck in the ground.
At some point in time, the Moorish woman is left to die.
At some point in time, Zoza and the Prince of Round-Field live happily ever after.
At some point in time, many of the fairy tales in the Pentamerone are the oldest known variants in existence.
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Tale of the Ogre."
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Myrtle."
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "Peruonto."
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "Vardiello."
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Flea."
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "Cenerentola," translated in English as Cinderella.
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Merchant."
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "Goat-Face."
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Enchanted Doe."
At some point in time, the first day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Sisters."
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "Parsley," a variant of Rapunzel.
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "Green Meadow."
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "Violet."
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "Pippo," a variant of Puss In Boots.
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Snake."
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "The She-Bear," a variant of Allerleirauh.
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Dove," a variant of Snow-White-Fire-Red.
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Young Slave," a variant of Snow White.
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Padlock."
At some point in time, the second day of the Pentamerone includes "The Buddy."
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "Cannetella."
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "Penta of the Chopped-off Hands," a variant of The Girl Without Hands.
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "Face."
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "Sapia Liccarda."
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "The Cockroach, the Mouse, and the Cricket."
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "The Garlic Patch."
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "Corvetto."
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "The Booby."
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "Rosella."
At some point in time, the third day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Fairies."
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Stone in the Cock's Head."
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Two Brothers."
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Enchanted Princes."
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Seven Little Pork Rinds."
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Dragon."
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Crowns."
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Two Cakes," a variant of Diamonds and Toads.
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Seven Doves," a variant of The Seven Ravens.
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Raven."
At some point in time, the fourth day of the Pentamerone includes "Pride Punished," a variant of King Thrushbeard.
At some point in time, the fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Goose."
At some point in time, the fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Months."
At some point in time, the fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "Pintosmalto."
At some point in time, the fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Golden Root," a variant of Cupid and Psyche.
At some point in time, the fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "Sun, Moon, and Talia," a variant of Sleeping Beauty.
At some point in time, the fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "Sapia."
At some point in time, the fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Five Sons."
At some point in time, the fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "Nennillo and Nennella," a variant of Brother and Sister.
At some point in time, the fifth day of the Pentamerone includes "The Three Citrons," a variant of The Love for Three Oranges.