At some point in time, the Terran system is growing and expanding all the time.
At some point in time, an old and corrupt Centaurian Empire is supporting Terra's growth.
At some point in time, the Centaurian Empire encircles the Terran system.
At some point in time, the Centaurian Empire encourages the humans to grow out of their current empire.
At some point in time, Terra is at war with Proxima Centauri.
At some point in time, Terra is trying to find a way of breaking free from the Centaurian Empire's hold upon them.
At some point in time, Terra is continually coming up with new weapons to try and break the Centaurian defenses.
At some point in time, Proxima Centauri is continually updating its defenses.
At some point in time, both Terra and Proxima Centauri use spies and other tactics to find out about each other's advances.
No actual fighting ever occurs between Terra and Proxima Centauri.
At some point in time, both Terra and Proxima Centauri are too busy trying to beat each other with new technological developments.
At some point in time, Terra calculates its chances to win a war versus Proxima Centauri.
At some point in time, Terra updates its calculations with each new development.
At some point in time, Terra's decision about a war relies on its calculations.
At some point in time, Terra comes up with a concept for a bomb called Icarus.
Proxima Centauri cannot defend against Icarus.
At some point in time, Icarus travels at faster than light speeds.
At some point in time, Icarus makes use of the buildup of mass at near light speeds as a destructive agent when it slows down to below light speed.
At some point in time, the odds start to side with Terra when Icarus is developed.
At some point in time, Terra prepares to fight with the new-found technology of Icarus.
At some point in time, Icarus does not yet work, which prevents Terra from using it against Proxima Centauri.
At some point in time, the existence of Thomas Cole on Terra is an "unknown variable."
At some point in time, the "unknown variable" confuses the war win probability computer.
At some point in time, Thomas Cole is known as The Variable Man.
At some point in time, Thomas Cole is a man from the past, specifically from 1913.
At some point in time, Thomas Cole comes from the time just before the First World War.
At some point in time, Thomas Cole is brought into the present as an accident via a Time Bubble.
At some point in time, the Time Bubble was used for research about the past.
At some point in time, Thomas Cole escapes from the authority in the future.
At some point in time, Thomas Cole spends a lot of time running from the authority afterwards.
At some point in time, Thomas Cole has a certain genius to fix things and make things work.
At some point in time, Thomas Cole comes out of a period of time when humans had a natural genius and an ability to invent things and solve problems.
At some point in time, the engineer working on the FTL bomb realizes that Thomas Cole is the only person who can make Icarus work.
At some point in time, the engineer convinces Thomas Cole to help them with Icarus.
At some point in time, Icarus eventually works, although not in the way that anyone may have wanted.
At some point in time, Icarus does not emerge from FTL speed in the middle of Centarus and blow it out of existence.
At some point in time, Thomas Cole transforms Icarus into a working hyperdrive.
At some point in time, the order for Terra to launch a full-scale attack against the Centaurian Empire had already been given.
At some point in time, the majority of the enemy ships and planets were assumed to have been destroyed in the Icarus explosion.
At some point in time, the forces of Terra suffer a terrible defeat.
At some point in time, the forces of Terra lose many of their ships.
At some point in time, due to Thomas Cole successfully wiring Icarus, it becomes possible for Terra to travel beyond the Centaurian Empire's perimeter.
At some point in time, Terra is no longer blocked into their tiny system.
There is no further need for war after the developments with Icarus.