At some point in time, a Duke student has admitted to hanging a noose made of rope from a tree near a student union.
At some point in time, university officials said the Duke student was not identified.
At some point in time, the university cited federal privacy laws for not identifying the Duke student.
The Duke student is no longer on campus.
At some point in time, the Duke student will face a student conduct review.
At some point in time, the Duke student was identified during an investigation by campus police.
At some point in time, the Duke student was identified during an investigation by the office of student affairs.
At some point in time, the Duke student admitted to placing the noose on the tree early Wednesday.
At some point in time, university officials are still trying to determine if other people were involved.
At some point in time, criminal investigations into the incident are ongoing.
At some point in time, students marched Wednesday afternoon.
At some point in time, faculty members marched Wednesday afternoon.
At some point in time, students and faculty members chanted "We are not afraid. We stand together."
At some point in time, pictures of the noose were passed around on social media.
At some point in time, a forum was held on the steps of Duke Chapel.
At some point in time, the forum was held close to where the noose was discovered at 2 a.m.
At some point in time, only a few people gathered at the forum.
At some point in time, Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd that they came to say "This is no Duke we will accept."
At some point in time, Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd that they came to say "This is no Duke we want."
At some point in time, Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd that they came to say "This is not the Duke we're here to experience."
At some point in time, Duke President Richard Brodhead told the crowd that they came to say "This is not the Duke we're here to create."
At some point in time, the incident is one of several recent racist events to affect college students.
At some point in time, last month, a fraternity at the University of Oklahoma had its charter removed.
At some point in time, a video surfaced showing members of the fraternity using the N-word.
At some point in time, a video surfaced showing members of the fraternity referring to lynching in a chant.
At some point in time, two students were expelled from the University of Oklahoma.
At some point in time, in February, a noose was hung around the neck of a statue of a famous civil rights figure at the University of Mississippi.
At some point in time, a statement issued by Duke said there was a previous report of hate speech directed at students on campus.
At some point in time, the vice president for student affairs called the noose incident a "cowardly act."
At some point in time, Larry Moneta said on Wednesday that the act was hateful and stupid.
At some point in time, Larry Moneta said on Wednesday that if the intent was to create fear, it will have the opposite effect.
Duke University is a private college.
Duke University has about 15,000 students.
Duke University is located in Durham, North Carolina.
At some point in time, CNN's Dave Alsup contributed to this report.