At some point in time, Jesus tells the rich man to sell all that the rich man owns and distribute the money to the poor.
At some point in time, Jesus tells the rich man that he will have treasure in heaven if he follows him.
At some point in time, Jesus invokes the mantra that the poor are blessed.
At some point in time, Jesus states that it is easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for wealthy individuals to enter paradise.
At some point in time, Jesus tells his Twelve Apostles to leave their day jobs.
At some point in time, Jesus instructs his Twelve Apostles to follow him on an itinerant mission.
At some point in time, the itinerant mission has few prospects of success.
At some point in time, the itinerant mission has no visible means of support.
At some point in time, money is a concern for Jesus and his disciples.
At some point in time, money is not just an impediment to salvation.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions money 37 times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "gold" 38 times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "silver" 20 times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "copper" four times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "coin" eight times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "purse" six times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "denarii" six times.
At some point in time, the total number of currency referrals in the New Testament is 119.
At some point in time, Jesus was in Bethany six days before Passover.
At some point in time, Jesus was at the house of his friend Lazarus.
At some point in time, Jesus raised Lazarus from the dead.
At some point in time, a woman named Mary takes a jar of costly perfumed oil.
At some point in time, Mary anoints the feet of the reclining Jesus.
At some point in time, Mary dries the feet of Jesus with her hair.
At some point in time, Judas Iscariot objects to Mary's act.
At some point in time, Judas asks why the perfume was not sold for three hundred denarii.
At some point in time, Judas suggests that the money should be given to the poor.
At some point in time, three hundred denarii was the annual wage of a laborer.
At some point in time, Jesus tells Judas to leave Mary alone.
At some point in time, Jesus states that the anointing will be useful for his burial.
At some point in time, Jesus says that the poor will always be present.
At some point in time, Jesus states that he will not always be present.
At some point in time, the Jesus community had a common purse.
At some point in time, the common purse was needed for survival.
At some point in time, Rabbi Joshua Garroway imagines that the ministry functioned at a subsistence level.
At some point in time, Jesus and his disciples walked.
At some point in time, Jesus and his disciples wore what they had.
At some point in time, Jesus and his disciples slept outside or in friends' homes.
At some point in time, Jesus and his disciples ate what they caught or what others shared.
At some point in time, Rabbi Joshua Garroway ventures to guess that begging and hospitality sufficed to meet the basic needs of Jesus and his companions.
At some point in time, Rabbi Joshua Garroway states that it was possible that Jesus and his followers received donations from supporters.
At some point in time, Rabbi Joshua Garroway states that it was likely that Jesus and his followers received substantial donations from wealthy supporters.
At some point in time, the Gospel of Luke describes how Jesus' ministry functioned on a practical level.
At some point in time, Jesus went through cities and villages.
At some point in time, Jesus proclaimed the good news of the kingdom of God.
At some point in time, the twelve apostles were with Jesus during his travels.
At some point in time, some women who had been cured of evil spirits and infirmities were with Jesus.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene had seven demons cast out of her.
At some point in time, Joanna was the wife of Herod's steward Chuza.
At some point in time, Susanna was one of the women who traveled with Jesus.
At some point in time, many women provided for Jesus and his disciples out of their resources.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was likely from the prosperous town of Magdala.
At some point in time, Magdala was home to a thriving fishing industry.
At some point in time, Magdala had dye and textile works.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene could not have come from an affluent family.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene could not have been a successful businesswoman.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was free to travel with Jesus and his disciples.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was unlikely to have a husband and children waiting for her at home.
At some point in time, the Gnostic gospel of Mary Magdalene argues that Jesus was her husband.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene may have been an independent woman with her own resources.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was one of Jesus' most devoted followers.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene followed Jesus from Galilee to Jerusalem.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene followed Jesus from his ministry to the cross and the tomb.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene provided for Jesus from her own means.
At some point in time, Mark Goodacre states that when the Gospels speak of Mary Magdalene "ministering" to Jesus, they explain that she was a key figure in Jesus' everyday mission.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene, Joanna, and Susanna made Jesus' mission viable.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea was a man of stature and wealth.
At some point in time, Nicodemus was a man of stature and wealth.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus may have contributed to funding Jesus' ministry.
At some point in time, the Gospels reveal that Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus were rich.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea supported Jesus.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea removed Jesus from the cross on Good Friday.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea anointed Jesus' body with the help of Nicodemus.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea placed Jesus in the tomb that he had reserved for himself.
At some point in time, after the resurrection on the first Easter Sunday, the movement Jesus started grew exponentially.
At some point in time, the church's relationship to money grew more complicated after the resurrection.
At some point in time, the needs of the church became greater after the resurrection.
At some point in time, Michael McKinley is co-author of "Finding Jesus: Faith. Fact. Forgery.: Six Holy Objects That Tell the Remarkable Story of the Gospels."