At some point in time, on May 28, 2014, approximately 7,000 people gathered in a stadium in China's northwestern Xinjiang region.
At some point in time, the 7,000 people did not come to watch the local football team.
At some point in time, the 7,000 people did not come to watch any other grand sporting event.
At some point in time, the authorities paraded scores of prisoners dressed in orange jumpsuits.
At some point in time, armed soldiers guarded the exits.
At some point in time, a patently unfair, open air trial followed.
At some point in time, fifty-five people were found guilty of a range of offenses linked to violent attacks in the region.
At some point in time, fifty-five people were jailed.
At some point in time, three people were sentenced to death.
At some point in time, the public mass sentencing was part of China's "Strike Hard" campaign against unrest in Xinjiang.
At some point in time, the Chinese government claims the campaign was launched to combat "terrorism."
At some point in time, the Chinese government claims the campaign was launched to combat "separatism."
At some point in time, the public mass sentencing was indicative of a trend that was starkly evident last year around the world.
At some point in time, governments used the death penalty in a misguided attempt to tackle crime.
At some point in time, governments used the death penalty in a cynical attempt to tackle terrorism.
At some point in time, Amnesty International releases its annual review of the death penalty worldwide today.
At some point in time, much of the Amnesty International review makes for grim reading.
At some point in time, the government of Pakistan lifted a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians.
At some point in time, the government of Pakistan lifted the moratorium in the wake of the horrific Taliban attack on a school in Peshawar in December.
At some point in time, more than 60 people have been put to death in Pakistan since the moratorium was lifted.
At some point in time, the government of Pakistan has threatened to send thousands more death row prisoners to the gallows.
At some point in time, Iran executed people for "terrorism."
At some point in time, Iraq executed people for "terrorism."
At some point in time, other countries expanded the scope of capital crimes in their penal codes.
At some point in time, armed groups conducted abhorrent summary executions.
At some point in time, governments resorted to more executions in a knee-jerk reaction to terrorism.
At some point in time, other countries made use of executions in flawed attempts to address crime rates.
At some point in time, the government of Jordan ended an eight-year moratorium in December.
At some point in time, the government of Jordan put 11 murder convicts to death.
At some point in time, the government of Jordan said the executions were a move to end a surge in violent crime.
At some point in time, authorities in Indonesia announced plans to execute mainly drug traffickers.
At some point in time, authorities in Indonesia announced the executions to tackle a public safety "national emergency."
At some point in time, six people have already been executed in Indonesia this year.
At some point in time, a sharp spike in death sentences was recorded in 2014.
At some point in time, the spike in death sentences was up more than 500 on the previous year.
At some point in time, the rise in death sentences can be attributed to governments using the death penalty as a political tool.
At some point in time, the rise in death sentences was largely because of developments in Egypt.
At some point in time, the rise in death sentences was largely because of developments in Nigeria.
At some point in time, courts in Egypt imposed hundreds of death sentences.
At some point in time, courts in Nigeria imposed hundreds of death sentences.
At some point in time, the simple fact is that governments using the death penalty to tackle crime and security threats are deceiving themselves.
At some point in time, governments using the death penalty to tackle crime and security threats are deceiving the public.
At some point in time, governments using the death penalty to tackle crime and security threats are deceiving both themselves and the public.
At some point in time, there is no evidence that the threat of execution is more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence.
At some point in time, United Nations studies have repeatedly confirmed that the threat of execution is not more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence.
At some point in time, other studies have repeatedly confirmed that the threat of execution is not more of a deterrent to crime than a prison sentence.
At some point in time, it is high time that world leaders stop using the death penalty as an easy way out.
At some point in time, world leaders must stop using the death penalty when times get tough.
At some point in time, Amnesty International has campaigned for an end to the death penalty for decades.
At some point in time, most of the world now appears to agree with Amnesty International.
At some point in time, the numbers speak for themselves.
At some point in time, in 1945, when the United Nations was founded, only eight countries had abolished the death penalty.
At some point in time, today, 140 states are abolitionist in law or practice.
At some point in time, last year, Amnesty International recorded executions in 22 countries.
At some point in time, the number of countries with recorded executions was down by almost a half from 20 years ago.
At some point in time, despite troubling developments recorded last year, there was still much good news to be found.
At some point in time, the number of executions recorded around the world dropped significantly in 2014 compared with the previous year.
At some point in time, the number of executions dropped from 778 to 607.
At some point in time, the number of executions does not include China.
At some point in time, more people are put to death in China than the rest of the world put together.
At some point in time, death penalty statistics in China are treated as a state secret.
At some point in time, the true figure of executions in China is impossible to determine.
At some point in time, executions were recorded in only three countries in sub-Saharan Africa.
At some point in time, the three countries in sub-Saharan Africa where executions were recorded are Equatorial Guinea, Somalia, and Sudan.
At some point in time, the number of people put to death in sub-Saharan Africa went down by more than a quarter.
At some point in time, the Americas continued to be execution-free, apart from the United States.
At some point in time, those governments that still execute need to realize that they are on the wrong side of history.
At some point in time, those governments that still execute must join the vast majority of countries that have dropped the ultimate cruel punishment.
At some point in time, fighting for an end to the death penalty remains an uphill task.
At some point in time, all people must try to make the world free of the death penalty.
At some point in time, with determination, it is possible to achieve the goal of making the world free of the death penalty.