At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller died on Thursday.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was 88 years old.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in August 2013.
At some point in time, Donna Schuller is the daughter-in-law of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller.
At some point in time, Donna Schuller stated that her father-in-law passed away peacefully early on Thursday morning.
At some point in time, Donna Schuller described the Rev. Robert H. Schuller as a great Dad and a great man of God.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller's life followed an almost Shakespearean arc.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was born in an Iowa farmhouse without running water.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller longed to preach from his earliest days.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller described standing alone by a river in his autobiography.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller pictured himself delivering sermons to a rapt congregation.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller attended Hope College.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller attended Western Theological Seminary in Michigan.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller met his wife, Arvella, while preaching at her church.
At some point in time, Arvella was the organist at the church where the Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller and Arvella were married for more than 60 years.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller and his family caravanned west to California.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller rented a drive-in theater in California.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached from the roof of the snack bar at the drive-in theater.
At some point in time, Some local pastors believed that preaching from a drive-in theater was beneath the dignity of Christian ministry.
At some point in time, Some local pastors believed that the "passion pits" where teenagers necked was no place for the gospel.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller was undeterred by local pastors' criticisms.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller quickly outgrew the drive-in theater.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller called the explosive growth of his tiny congregation a "miracle."
At some point in time, Many mainstream critics had other names for the explosive growth of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's congregation.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller's version of Christianity was confident and breezy.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller's version of Christianity drew hordes of seekers and lapsed Christians.
At some point in time, Many seekers and lapsed Christians were put off by the hellfire fulminations of many post-War American preachers.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller sold a softer, gentler message.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller acknowledged that his message borrowed heavily from Norman Vincent Peale.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached not to convert or condemn people.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached to encourage people.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller called his sentiment "possibility thinking."
At some point in time, Timothy Larsen is a professor of Christian thought at Wheaton College in Illinois.
At some point in time, Timothy Larsen stated that evangelicalism at its best wants to be innovative and reach people.
At some point in time, Timothy Larsen stated that the Rev. Robert H. Schuller was a master at being innovative and reaching people.
At some point in time, Timothy Larsen stated that the gospel is good news.
At some point in time, Timothy Larsen stated that the Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached an uplifting message about personal transformation and uplift and hope.
At some point in time, Some of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's favored phrases struck others as cornpone Christianity.
At some point in time, Randall Balmer is a professor of American religious history at Dartmouth College.
At some point in time, Randall Balmer cited one of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's phrases, "Turn your hurt into a halo."
At some point in time, Randall Balmer described the phrase "Turn your hurt into a halo" as pretty weak tea.
At some point in time, Randall Balmer gave the Rev. Robert H. Schuller some credit.
At some point in time, Randall Balmer stated that the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's message may be bad theology.
At some point in time, Randall Balmer stated that the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's message is brilliant marketing.
At some point in time, In 1970, the Rev. Robert H. Schuller began broadcasting "Hour of Power."
At some point in time, "Hour of Power" is believed to be one of the first Sunday services shown regularly on television.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller looked and talked like a guy who wanted nothing more than to see his flock succeed.
At some point in time, The show "Hour of Power" ran for decades.
At some point in time, The show "Hour of Power" reached millions of viewers.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller became a televangelist before the term became tarnished by the sins of his many successors.
At some point in time, The Crystal Cathedral still stands in Orange County, California.
At some point in time, The Crystal Cathedral is now owned by the Roman Catholic Church.
At some point in time, The Crystal Cathedral is a great gleaming edifice with 10,000 glass panels.
At some point in time, The Crystal Cathedral gave worshipers a look at the clouds that house the heavens.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller preached in the pulpit below the clouds at the Crystal Cathedral.
At some point in time, The message was clear to many that the road to the former ran through the latter.
At some point in time, During the 1980s and 1990s, the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's star continued to rise.
At some point in time, Presidents stopped by the Crystal Cathedral during campaigns.
At some point in time, Future megachurch pastors like Rick Warren and Bill Hybels sought the Rev. Robert H. Schuller's advice.
At some point in time, As the Rev. Robert H. Schuller aged, his family was beset by a succession scandal.
At some point in time, The succession scandal was straight from the pages of "King Lear."
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller tried to install his only son, Bobby Schuller Jr., as pastor of Crystal Cathedral.
At some point in time, The preaching styles of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller and Bobby Schuller Jr. were too different for the congregation to countenance.
At some point in time, Bobby Schuller Jr. left "Hour of Power."
At some point in time, Bobby Schuller Jr. left the pulpit at Crystal Cathedral after a short time.
At some point in time, The family of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller searched for a new successor.
At some point in time, The family of the Rev. Robert H. Schuller tussled over finances.
At some point in time, Viewers and donations to the church and its television show dropped precipitously.
At some point in time, Crystal Cathedral Ministries filed for bankruptcy in 2010.
At some point in time, Crystal Cathedral Ministries cited debts of more than $43 million.
At some point in time, The Associated Press reported that Crystal Cathedral Ministries filed for bankruptcy.
At some point in time, The Rev. Robert H. Schuller's empire had fallen to dust.
At some point in time, Schuller's grandson, also named Bobby, took over "Hour of Power."
At some point in time, Bobby Schuller took over "Hour of Power" at a different church.
At some point in time, Bobby Schuller recalled standing atop Crystal Cathedral's 12-story Tower of Hope with his grandfather.
At some point in time, Bobby Schuller stated that he could see the whole world from the Tower of Hope.
At some point in time, Stella Chan reported from Los Angeles for CNN.