At some point in time, Trey Moses is a blue chip college basketball recruit.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith is a high school freshman with Down syndrome.
At some point in time, Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith are different individuals.
At some point in time, Trey Moses asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date.
At some point in time, Trey Moses is a star on Eastern High School's basketball team in Louisville, Kentucky.
At some point in time, Trey Moses is headed to play college basketball next year at Ball State.
At some point in time, Trey Moses was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom.
At some point in time, Trey Moses is taking Ellie Meredith to prom instead of his girlfriend.
At some point in time, Trey Moses said that Ellie Meredith is great.
At some point in time, Trey Moses said that Ellie Meredith listens.
At some point in time, Trey Moses said that Ellie Meredith is easy to talk to.
At some point in time, Trey Moses made the prom-posal in the gym during Ellie Meredith's P.E. class.
At some point in time, Trina Helson is a teacher at Eastern High School.
At some point in time, Trina Helson alerted the school's newspaper staff to the prom-posal.
At some point in time, Trina Helson posted photos of Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith on Twitter.
At some point in time, the photos of Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith on Twitter have gone viral.
At some point in time, Trina Helson was not surprised by Trey Moses's actions.
At some point in time, Trina Helson said that the kind of person Trey Moses is influenced his actions.
At some point in time, Trey Moses entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster.
At some point in time, the poster that Trey Moses carried read "Let's Party Like it's 1989."
At some point in time, the phrase "Let's Party Like it's 1989" is a reference to the latest album by Taylor Swift.
At some point in time, Taylor Swift is Ellie Meredith's favorite singer.
At some point in time, Trey Moses got the OK from Ellie Meredith's parents the night before via text.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith's parents were disappointed about the prom-posal.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith is Ellie Meredith's mom.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said that raising a special needs child can make parents feel numb to certain moments.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said that parents first feel the need to protect their special needs child.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said that parents then feel the need to overprotect their special needs child.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said that Ellie Meredith has struggled with friendships since elementary school.
At some point in time, a special program at Eastern called Best Buddies has made things easier for Ellie Meredith.
At some point in time, Best Buddies cultivates friendships between students with and without developmental disabilities.
At some point in time, Best Buddies prevents students like Ellie Meredith from feeling isolated.
At some point in time, Best Buddies prevents students like Ellie Meredith from being left out of social functions.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said that around middle school is when kids started to care about what others thought.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said that this school year has been a relief for Ellie Meredith.
At some point in time, James Whitford is Trey's future coach at Ball State.
At some point in time, James Whitford felt great about the prom-posal.
At some point in time, James Whitford noted that Trey Moses often works with other kids.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses is Trey Moses's mother.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses was proud of her son, Trey Moses.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses said that it is exciting to bring awareness to a good cause.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses said that Trey Moses has worked pretty hard.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses said that Trey Moses is a good son.
At some point in time, Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith have a lot of planning to do for prom.
At some point in time, Trey Moses is looking to take up special education as a college major.
At some point in time, Trey Moses plans to play basketball in the fall.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith can't stop thinking about prom.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith's mother said that Ellie Meredith can't wait to go dress shopping.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith interjected that her mother has only told about a million people about prom.