At some point in time, the presence of a harmful pesticide at a luxury villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands may have resulted in the illness of a Delaware family.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency stated this on Friday.
At some point in time, paramedics were called last week to a rented villa at the Sirenusa resort in St. John.
At some point in time, the family of four fell ill.
At some point in time, the family rented the villa from March 14 to March 22.
At some point in time, the family was later hospitalized.
At some point in time, the illness was reported to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency on March 20.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is not concerned about determining how this happened.
At some point in time, the preliminary results show that there was a presence of methyl bromide in the unit where the Delaware family was staying.
At some point in time, exposure to methyl bromide can result in serious health effects.
At some point in time, serious health effects include central nervous system damage.
At some point in time, serious health effects include respiratory system damage.
At some point in time, the use of methyl bromide is restricted in the United States because of its acute toxicity.
At some point in time, methyl bromide is not allowed to be used indoors.
At some point in time, only certified professionals are permitted to use methyl bromide in certain agricultural settings.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is conducting an ongoing investigation.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is still on the island doing its assessment.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has been doing different types of air sampling.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has been doing wipe sampling.
At some point in time, final test results were expected next week.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is working with local government agencies to investigate whether the Delaware family was made ill after a fumigation at the resort on March 18.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is investigating whether any environmental regulations or laws were violated.
At some point in time, pesticides can be very toxic.
At some point in time, it is critically important that pesticides be applied properly.
At some point in time, pesticides should be used only as approved by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is actively working to determine how this happened.
At some point in time, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency will make sure steps are taken to prevent this from happening to others at these vacation apartments or elsewhere.
At some point in time, depending on the season, the luxury villa where the Delaware family stayed rents between $550 and $1,200 per night.
At some point in time, Sea Glass Vacations acts as a rental agent for several units at Sirenusa.
At some point in time, the unit directly below the one where the Delaware family stayed was recently treated for pests.
At some point in time, the unit where the Delaware family stayed was not treated for pests.
At some point in time, Sea Glass Vacations licensed an outside company, Terminix, for pest control services.
At some point in time, Sea Glass Vacations does not treat the units it manages for pests.
At some point in time, Sea Glass Vacations relies on licensed professionals for pest control services.
At some point in time, the U.S. Department of Justice has initiated a criminal investigation into the matter.
At some point in time, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filed a report on Monday by ServiceMaster Global Holdings.
At some point in time, ServiceMaster Global Holdings is the parent company of Terminix.
At some point in time, a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is committed to performing all work in a manner that is safe for customers.
At some point in time, a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is committed to performing all work in a manner that is safe for employees.
At some point in time, a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is committed to performing all work in a manner that is safe for the public.
At some point in time, a spokesman for Terminix wrote that the company is committed to performing all work in a manner that is safe for the environment.
At some point in time, Terminix is looking into this matter internally.
At some point in time, Terminix is cooperating with authorities.
At some point in time, Terminix is thinking about the Delaware family.
At some point in time, Terminix joins the community in wishing the Delaware family a speedy recovery.
At some point in time, James Maron is an attorney who has been a spokesman for the Delaware family.
At some point in time, James Maron has not responded to requests for comment.
At some point in time, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filing described the injuries to the Delaware family members as serious.