At some point in time, Chris Copeland of the Indiana Pacers was stabbed after leaving a trendy New York nightclub early Wednesday.
At some point in time, two Atlanta Hawks were arrested after the stabbing incident.
At some point in time, the two Atlanta Hawks were involved in the stabbing incident.
At some point in time, the two Atlanta Hawks were arrested on obstruction and other charges.
At some point in time, New York Police Department Detective Kelly Ort told CNN the incident occurred just before 4 a.m.
At some point in time, the incident occurred at 1OAK, a club in New York's Chelsea neighborhood.
At some point in time, 1OAK is known to draw celebrities among its clientele.
At some point in time, 1OAK staff was unaware of the incident when it happened.
At some point in time, the stabbing occurred in front of the Fulton Houses project down the street from 1OAK.
At some point in time, 1OAK's team assisted Chris Copeland to their fullest capabilities.
At some point in time, 1OAK called for help as soon as Chris Copeland was seen walking back towards the venue.
At some point in time, a review of the video footage seems to reveal the incident did not originate from 1OAK.
At some point in time, the incident did not occur in the immediate surroundings that are under 1OAK supervision.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland and a female companion, Katrine Saltara, were in 1OAK for about 10 minutes before leaving.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara walked down the street toward Fulton Houses.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara's car was parked at Fulton Houses.
The suspect never entered 1OAK.
At some point in time, the suspect stabbed Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara in front of Fulton Houses.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland's driver sprang to accost and detain the apparent perpetrator.
At some point in time, the apparent perpetrator is now in police custody.
At some point in time, charges against the suspect are pending.
At some point in time, the suspect's name will be released once charges are filed.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara tried to make their way back to 1OAK to seek help.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara left a "bloody trail of handprints" between the site of the stabbing and 1OAK.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland almost landed right next to 1OAK.
At some point in time, surveillance footage will not show the actual stabbing.
At some point in time, the actual stabbing occurred too far away from 1OAK.
At some point in time, 1OAK shut down immediately after the incident.
At some point in time, a male and two females were taken to area hospitals.
At some point in time, a knife was recovered.
At some point in time, a suspect was arrested.
At some point in time, two individuals not involved in the dispute were arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct.
At some point in time, Pero Antic, 32, was arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct.
At some point in time, Thabo Sefolosha, 30, was arrested on charges of obstructing governmental administration and disorderly conduct.
At some point in time, Thabo Sefolosha faces an additional charge of resisting arrest.
At some point in time, word of the stabbing quickly spread through 1OAK.
At some point in time, Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha went outside to check on their friend, Chris Copeland.
At some point in time, Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha began pushing their way through a crowd that had gathered around the scene.
At some point in time, Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha's actions led to their arrests.
At some point in time, Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha will contest the charges.
At some point in time, Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha look forward to communicating the facts of the situation at the appropriate time.
At some point in time, Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha apologize to their respective families, teammates, and the Hawks' organization.
At some point in time, the Hawks are in New York for a Wednesday night game against the Brooklyn Nets.
Neither Pero Antic nor Thabo Sefolosha will be in uniform for the game.
At some point in time, local media identified the injured man as Chris Copeland, 31.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland is from Orange, New Jersey.
At some point in time, the Pacers released a statement saying Chris Copeland suffered a knife wound to his left elbow and abdomen.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland is in stable condition at a New York hospital.
At some point in time, Larry Bird, the Pacers' president of basketball operations, said the Pacers are aware that Chris Copeland was injured early Wednesday morning.
At some point in time, the Pacers are still gathering information about Chris Copeland's injury.
At some point in time, the Pacers will update when they know more about Chris Copeland's condition.
At some point in time, Larry Bird's thoughts are with Chris Copeland and those injured.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland's agent, John Spencer, issued a statement expressing concern about the safety of Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara.
At some point in time, John Spencer does not have any details at this particular time.
At some point in time, John Spencer said all he can do is pray and wait.
At some point in time, the NBA and the Hawks front office are looking into the incident.
At some point in time, the Hawks spokesman, Garin Narain, said they are aware of the situation involving Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha.
At some point in time, the Hawks are in the process of gathering more information about the incident.
At some point in time, the Pacers are slated to play the New York Knicks on Wednesday night.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara had only recently arrived in New York prior to their arrests.
At some point in time, Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha were on the court for the Hawks' 96-69 win over the Phoenix Suns in Atlanta on Tuesday night.
At some point in time, Pero Antic played 12 minutes in the game against the Suns.
At some point in time, Thabo Sefolosha played 20 minutes in the game against the Suns.
At some point in time, the game against the Suns ended around 10 p.m.
At some point in time, Chris Copeland is 6 feet 8 inches tall.
At some point in time, a 22-year-old Brooklyn man approached Chris Copeland and Katrine Saltara.
At some point in time, there was some sort of dispute before the suspect stabbed Chris Copeland.
At some point in time, the suspect slashed Katrine Saltara.
At some point in time, the suspect slashed another woman.
At some point in time, Katrine Saltara suffered cuts to her arm, breast, and buttock.
At some point in time, the other woman suffered a slash to her stomach.
At some point in time, WCBS reported that the second woman was 53 years old.
At some point in time, WABC reported that the second woman was 23 years old.
At some point in time, images published in the New York Daily News showed a considerable amount of blood on the sidewalk.
At some point in time, images published in the New York Daily News showed a white sports coupe roped off with police tape.
At some point in time, images published in the New York Daily News showed several streaks of blood on the driver's side of the white sports coupe.
At some point in time, Pero Antic and Thabo Sefolosha interfered with officers trying to establish a crime scene.
At some point in time, one of the Hawks pushed a police officer.
At some point in time, the Hawks are preparing for a historic playoff run after clinching the No. 1 seed in the NBA's Eastern Conference.
At some point in time, Tuesday's win over the Suns marked a franchise-best 58 wins in a season for the Hawks.
At some point in time, the Pacers sit in the conference's 10th spot.
At some point in time, the Pacers are only one game out of playoff contention.