At some point in time, Walmart is a ubiquitous retailer that dots the American landscape.
At some point in time, Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple.
At some point in time, the head of the NCAA slammed religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week.
At some point in time, Tim Cook warned that religious freedom laws would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers.
At some point in time, Walmart's criticism of a religious freedom law in Arkansas is staunch.
At some point in time, Walmart's criticism of the religious freedom law came after the company said in February it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage.
At some point in time, Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on hot-button political issues that divide conservatives and liberals.
At some point in time, some prominent Republicans are urging the Republican Party to take notice of Walmart's actions.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty is the former Governor of Minnesota.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty called on the GOP to "be the party of Sam's Club, not just the country club."
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty told CNN that Walmart's actions foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move.
At some point in time, the Republican Party will have to better stand for ideas on helping the middle class.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty is the head of the Financial Services Roundtable.
At some point in time, the Financial Services Roundtable is a Washington lobbying group for the finance industry.
At some point in time, the Republican Party's leaders must be willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers.
At some point in time, the Republican Party's leaders must propose a reasonable increase in the minimum wage.
At some point in time, the Republican Party's leaders must prohibit discrimination in jobs against gays and lesbians.
At some point in time, Walmart employs more than 50,000 people in Arkansas.
At some point in time, Walmart emerged victorious on Wednesday.
At some point in time, Doug McMillon is the CEO of Walmart.
At some point in time, Doug McMillon called on Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson to veto the bill.
At some point in time, Asa Hutchinson is the Republican Governor of Arkansas.
At some point in time, Asa Hutchinson held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed.
At some point in time, Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom law puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party.
At some point in time, Walmart's political action committee has tended to support the Republican Party.
At some point in time, in 2004, the Walmart PAC gave around $2 million to Republicans.
At some point in time, in 2004, the Walmart PAC gave less than $500,000 to Democrats.
At some point in time, the gap in political contributions from the Walmart PAC has grown less pronounced in recent years.
At some point in time, in 2014, the Walmart PAC spent about $1.3 million to support Republicans.
At some point in time, in 2014, the Walmart PAC spent around $970,000 for Democrats.
At some point in time, Walmart bulked up its nondiscrimination policies in 2011 by adding protections for gender identity.
At some point in time, Walmart announced in 2013 that it would start offering health insurance benefits to same-sex partners of employees starting in 2014.
At some point in time, retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base.
At some point in time, retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues is a recognition of the country's increasingly progressive views of gay equality.
At some point in time, support for same-sex marriage is at a new high of 59%, according to a recent Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill is a partner at the retail consulting firm McMillanDoolittle.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill said it is easy for someone like Chick-fil-A to take a really polarizing position.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill said that in the world of the largest retailer in the world, taking a polarizing position is very different.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill said that same-sex marriage is becoming more commonplace in the U.S.
At some point in time, businesses have to follow the trend of their customers.
At some point in time, the backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas is shining a bright light on the broader business community's overwhelming support for workplace policies that promote gay equality.
At some point in time, Mike Pence is the Governor of Indiana.
At some point in time, Mike Pence signed Indiana's religious freedom bill into law.
At some point in time, CEOs of companies big and small across the country threatened to pull out of Indiana after the passage of the religious freedom bill.
At some point in time, the resistance to the Indiana law came from business leaders of all political persuasions.
At some point in time, Bill Oesterle is the CEO of the business-rating website Angie's List.
At some point in time, Bill Oesterle is a one-time campaign manager for former Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels.
At some point in time, Bill Oesterle announced that his company would put plans on hold to expand its footprint in Indianapolis.
At some point in time, NASCAR is scheduled to hold a race in Indianapolis this summer.
At some point in time, NASCAR spoke out against the Indiana law.
At some point in time, Jason Rahlan is a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign.
At some point in time, Jason Rahlan said that the business community is sending the message that equality is good for business and discrimination is bad for business.
At some point in time, the debate over religious freedom laws has reached presidential politics.
At some point in time, national Republicans are being forced to walk the fine line of protecting religious liberties and supporting nondiscrimination.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush is a likely GOP presidential candidate.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush initially backed Indiana's religious freedom law and Mike Pence.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush moderated his tone a few days later.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush said that Indiana could have taken a better and more consensus-oriented approach.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush said that by the end of the week, Indiana will be in the right place.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush's statement referenced Mike Pence's promise to fix Indiana's law in light of the widespread backlash.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz is the only officially declared Republican presidential candidate.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz said he had no interest in second-guessing Mike Pence.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz lashed out at the business community for opposing the law.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz said it is unfortunate that large companies are listening to the extreme left-wing agenda driven by an aggressive gay marriage agenda.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton is the former Secretary of State.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton previously served on Walmart's board of directors.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton called on Asa Hutchinson to veto the Arkansas bill.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton said the Arkansas bill would permit unfair discrimination against the LGBT community.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir is the CEO of the Little Rock Regional Chamber of Commerce in Arkansas.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir welcomed Asa Hutchinson's pledge to seek changes to his state's bill.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir said businesses are not afraid to wade into politically controversial debates to ensure inclusive workplace policies.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir said that when it comes to culture and quality of life, businesses are extremely interested in engaging in debate.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir said that issues that have negative or positive impacts on culture and quality of life will prompt the business community to speak loudly.