At some point in time, I was elected to the Kentucky State Senate in 1967.
At some point in time, I became the first woman to serve in the Kentucky State Senate.
At some point in time, I became the first person of color to serve in the Kentucky State Senate.
At some point in time, five decades later, a politician from my own state is attempting to launch his presidential campaign.
At some point in time, the politician attempting to launch his presidential campaign is Rand Paul.
At some point in time, Rand Paul declared he is running for president of the United States.
At some point in time, Rand Paul's campaign team told reporters last week about his campaign announcement message.
At some point in time, Rand Paul's campaign announcement message is about "expanding the Republican Party."
At some point in time, Rand Paul's campaign announcement message is a message of inclusion.
At some point in time, those of us listening today heard a genuine message of inclusion from Rand Paul.
At some point in time, I do not believe Rand Paul's message of inclusion.
At some point in time, since coming to the U.S. Senate, Rand Paul has tried to sell himself as a different type of Republican.
At some point in time, Rand Paul has tried to brand himself as the GOP's minority outreach candidate.
The GOP does not back up their words with their policies.
At some point in time, it is about time that Republicans started seriously considering that black voters are an important piece of the electoral puzzle.
Republicans cannot appeal to the black community unless they have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities.
At some point in time, a quick survey of Rand Paul's positions makes clear that he does not have a real commitment to the issues facing minority communities.
At some point in time, Rand Paul kicked off his announcement speech in Louisville.
At some point in time, Rand Paul declared, "I have a message that is loud and clear: We have come to take our country back."
At some point in time, I have no doubt that under Rand Paul's leadership, he would take our country back in the wrong direction.
At some point in time, Rand Paul would take our country back to a time when we were debating the Civil Rights Act.
At some point in time, Rand Paul has debated the Civil Rights Act since landing on the national stage.
At some point in time, Rand Paul thinks the Department of Education "should be done away with."
At some point in time, Rand Paul seeks to limit women's choices in Washington.
At some point in time, Rand Paul currently opposes protections for DREAMers from deportation.
At some point in time, Rand Paul has come across as condescending in his speaking engagements at historically black colleges and universities.
At some point in time, Rand Paul lacks basic cultural competency.
At some point in time, Rand Paul has questioned the Civil Rights Act.
At some point in time, Rand Paul claimed that private business owners have a right to discriminate.
At some point in time, Rand Paul remarked, "We have an African-American President" when asked about the need for a more robust Voting Rights Act.
At some point in time, President Obama stood with John Lewis and other veterans of the civil rights movement in front of the Edmund Pettus Bridge last month.
At some point in time, President Obama inspired us all by saying, "With effort, we can roll back poverty and the roadblocks to opportunity."
At some point in time, President Obama inspired us all by saying, "With effort, we can protect the foundation stone of our democracy for which so many marched across this bridge -- and that is the right to vote."
At some point in time, America is better with more democracy.
At some point in time, we solve more problems with more democracy.
At some point in time, Rand Paul has demonstrated that he disagrees with the principle of more democracy.
At some point in time, Rand Paul tried to fashion himself as the one member of his party courageous enough to broaden Republican appeal.
At some point in time, Rand Paul's record makes it clear that his views are outdated.
At some point in time, Rand Paul's views are outside of the mainstream.
At some point in time, Rand Paul's views are disqualifying for a man who wants to lead our country.
At some point in time, the American people deserve a leader who won't disrespect their intelligence.
At some point in time, the American people deserve a leader who won't pander to them when it's convenient.
At some point in time, the American people deserve a leader who won't work to dismantle the progress made over the last five decades.
At some point in time, what I heard today did not change the facts about Rand Paul's record.
At some point in time, the American people deserve better than Rand Paul.