At some point in time, bullets were flying during an incident in Atlanta.
At some point in time, banged-up cars were present during the incident in Atlanta.
At some point in time, the FBI was chasing an armed robbery suspect in Atlanta.
At some point in time, two FBI agents were injured in a crash during the incident in Atlanta.
At some point in time, the suspect was shot before being captured in Atlanta.
At some point in time, FBI agents and task force officers were following 36-year-old Kevone Charleston of Austell, Georgia.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston pulled into a CVS pharmacy in Forsyth County, Georgia, early Saturday.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston is suspected of involvement in 32 commercial robberies.
At some point in time, the 32 commercial robberies date to November 2013.
At some point in time, the incident happened around 7 o'clock Saturday morning.
At some point in time, multiple agents and officers were following Kevone Charleston based on his prior MO.
At some point in time, agents moved in when they saw Kevone Charleston was about to rob another CVS.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston parked his vehicle nearby.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston popped the hood of his vehicle as if there were something wrong.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston walked to the CVS, preparing to enter.
At some point in time, agents confronted Kevone Charleston.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston ran after agents confronted him.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston got in his car and traveled about 75 yards.
At some point in time, agents opened fire when Kevone Charleston traveled about 75 yards.
At some point in time, several FBI vehicles were rammed or hit by Kevone Charleston's vehicle.
At some point in time, one government vehicle sustained heavy damage to its front and side.
At some point in time, another government SUV ended up on its side.
At some point in time, the two agents sustained their injuries due to collisions with Kevone Charleston's vehicle.
At some point in time, twelve FBI agents followed Kevone Charleston.
At some point in time, six government vehicles followed Kevone Charleston.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston collided with the first government vehicle, the Taurus.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston collided with the second government vehicle.
At some point in time, the SUV ended up on its side after colliding with Kevone Charleston's vehicle.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston was stopped 8 feet away in the median.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston received gunshot wounds in the median.
At some point in time, the two agents were treated at an area hospital.
At some point in time, the two agents were released from the area hospital.
At some point in time, the two agents are fine according to FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston was shot and wounded by FBI agents and task force officers.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston's injuries are not life threatening according to Forsyth County Sheriff's Deputy Robin Regan.
At some point in time, FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett declined to give details of the 32 previous robberies.
At some point in time, the investigation of the 32 previous robberies was intensive.
At some point in time, the investigation of the 32 previous robberies was already underway.
At some point in time, the investigation of the 32 previous robberies was a priority for the FBI's violent crimes and major offender squad.
At some point in time, Kevone Charleston's MO involved armed confrontations.
At some point in time, FBI officers went into the incident fully prepared for an armed confrontation.
At some point in time, FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett is relieved that the FBI's officers and agents are OK.
At some point in time, FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett is relieved that Kevone Charleston is in custody.
At some point in time, FBI Special Agent Stephen Emmett described the investigation as a quick and easy investigation.