At some point in time, Beijing's state prosecutors formally charged Zhou Yongkang with accepting bribes.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang is the highest-ranking Chinese Communist Party official ever to face corruption charges.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang is 72 years old.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang was charged with abuse of power.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang was charged with leaking state secrets.
At some point in time, The Supreme People's Procuratorate is the highest prosecution authority in China.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang was a member of the ruling Communist Party's Politburo Standing Committee.
At some point in time, The Politburo Standing Committee is China's top decision-making body.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang was one of nine men who effectively ruled China.
At some point in time, China has more than 1.3 billion people.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang retired in 2012.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang controlled police forces across China.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang controlled spy agencies across China.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang controlled court systems across China.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang controlled prosecution offices across China.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang deployed his vast assets to crush dissent and unrest.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang aimed to preserve social stability.
At some point in time, Prosecutors accused Zhou Yongkang of taking advantage of his posts to seek benefits for others.
At some point in time, Prosecutors accused Zhou Yongkang of illegally accepting huge amounts of money.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang's alleged actions caused heavy losses to public assets.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang's alleged actions greatly harmed national interests.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang was notified of his legal rights during the investigation.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang's lawyer's views were heard during the investigation.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang's case will be tried in Tianjin.
At some point in time, Tianjin is a city near Beijing.
At some point in time, The president of China's supreme court stated there would be no trials for accused former leaders like Zhou Yongkang.
At some point in time, The charge of leaking state secrets may allow authorities to shield certain legal proceedings from public view in Zhou Yongkang's case.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang has not been seen in public since October 2013.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang attended an anniversary event at his alma mater in October 2013.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang was expelled from the Communist Party.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang was arrested last December.
At some point in time, State media painted an intricate web of officials, cronies, and tycoons orbiting around Zhou Yongkang.
At some point in time, Some officials, cronies, and tycoons orbiting around Zhou Yongkang have alleged mafia connections.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang and his family members accumulated enormous wealth.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang's wealth was a blatant exchange between money and power.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang was found to have affairs with multiple women.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang allegedly traded power for sex.
At some point in time, Analysts viewed Zhou Yongkang's downfall as a watershed moment in Chinese politics.
At some point in time, President Xi Jinping rules China.
At some point in time, President Xi Jinping has been spearheading a massive anti-corruption campaign.
At some point in time, President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign targets high-ranking officials.
At some point in time, President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign targets low-level officials.
At some point in time, Zhou Yongkang is the biggest tiger caught in Xi Jinping's dragnet to date.
At some point in time, Xi Jinping has proven he is powerful enough to break the taboo of never incriminating former Politburo Standing Committee members.
At some point in time, Willy Lam is a longtime political analyst.
At some point in time, Willy Lam is a professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong.
At some point in time, Willy Lam predicted a suspended death sentence for Zhou Yongkang.
At some point in time, Many observers note Zhou Yongkang's patronage of Bo Xilai.
At some point in time, Bo Xilai is a former Communist leader.
At some point in time, Bo Xilai was sentenced to life in prison for corruption in 2013.
At some point in time, Bo Xilai's downfall attracted global attention.
At some point in time, Bo Xilai's downfall included tales of murder, bribery, and betrayal.
At some point in time, State media cited Bo Xilai's conviction as a prime example of Xi Jinping's resolve to clean up the party.
At some point in time, Bo Xilai's supporters have long called him a political victim.
At some point in time, Bo Xilai was once considered Xi Jinping's main challenger for the top spot of Chinese leadership.
At some point in time, Political watchers see similarities between the Bo Xilai and Zhou Yongkang cases.
At some point in time, People being investigated for corruption are on the losing side of factional struggles.