At some point in time, Police in India are putting aside their batons in favor of pepper-spraying drones.
At some point in time, Yashasvi Yadav is the Senior Superintendent of police in Lucknow, northern India.
At some point in time, The Lucknow police force has bought four drones.
At some point in time, The Lucknow police force is in the process of purchasing one more drone.
At some point in time, The drones have been tested in controlled conditions.
At some point in time, The drones have been very successful.
At some point in time, The Lucknow police will use the drones whenever there are violent protests.
At some point in time, The Lucknow police will use the drones whenever there are mob attacks.
At some point in time, Each drone costs between $9,560 and $19,300.
At some point in time, Views on the new measure are mixed.
At some point in time, Some individuals are concerned about the suppression of freedom of speech.
At some point in time, The issue of freedom of speech is contentious in India.
At some point in time, Last month, India failed to enforce a law that would allow authorities to arrest people who post offensive material on social media.
At some point in time, Some individuals believe that India could learn from events further afield.
At some point in time, Some individuals say that the method of crowd control needs regulation.
At some point in time, Questions have been raised as to why the police are resorting to peaceful methods.
At some point in time, Chirag Wakaskar is a photojournalist in Mumbai.
At some point in time, Chirag Wakaskar thinks the new measure is bound to fail.
At some point in time, Chirag Wakaskar thinks the new measure could be another scam in the making.
At some point in time, Chirag Wakaskar believes the administration should use dialogue and mediation to solve problems.
At some point in time, Chirag Wakaskar believes the administration should not use authoritarian and forceful methods.
At some point in time, Chirag Wakaskar suggests starting by having video surveillance in sensitive areas.
At some point in time, Chirag Wakaskar suggests having swifter justice.
At some point in time, Protests are a common occurrence in India.
At some point in time, India has a population of 1.2 billion.
At some point in time, Lucknow is the capital of the northern state of Uttar Pradesh.
At some point in time, Lucknow used drone cameras to monitor crowds at a recent religious festival.
At some point in time, Drones are used as a security measure in other cities including Delhi and Mumbai.
At some point in time, Drones have been used in tiger hunts.
At some point in time, Drones have been used in disaster relief.
At some point in time, Drones have been used in criminal investigations.
At some point in time, Drones have been used for pizza deliveries.
At some point in time, Reports suggest that the Chief Minister of Lucknow, Akhilesh Yadav, will officially launch drone surveillance later this month.
At some point in time, Kunal Sehgal contributed to this report.