At some point in time, the world's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place.
At some point in time, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is a particle accelerator.
At some point in time, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is the largest machine in the world.
At some point in time, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
At some point in time, problems delayed the restart of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) in March.
At some point in time, scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) completed final tests.
At some point in time, the completion of final tests enabled the first beams to start circulating inside the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).
At some point in time, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) has a 17 mile (27 km) ring.
At some point in time, CERN Director-General Rolf Heuer stated that operating accelerators is for the benefit of the physics community.
At some point in time, CERN's heart beats to the rhythm of the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).
At some point in time, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) generates up to 600 million particles per second.
At some point in time, a beam in the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) circulates for 10 hours.
At some point in time, a beam in the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) travels more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
At some point in time, the distance from Earth to Neptune and back again is more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
At some point in time, a proton in the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) makes 11,245 circuits per second at near light-speed.
At some point in time, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) generates only 100 particles per second.
At some point in time, thousands of scientists, engineers, and technicians took decades to devise and build the particle accelerator.
At some point in time, the particle accelerator is housed in a tunnel between Lake Geneva and the Jura mountain range.
At some point in time, the purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang."
At some point in time, the scientific theory explains the creation of the universe.
At some point in time, scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved by replicating the energy density and temperature.
At some point in time, current knowledge is based on The Standard Model of particle physics.
The Standard Model of particle physics is not complete.
At some point in time, Dr. Mike Lamont is the operations group leader at the Large Hadron Collider (LHC).
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include the origin of mass.
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include why some particles are very heavy.
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include why some particles have no mass at all.
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity.
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include uncovering dark matter and dark energy.
At some point in time, visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe.
At some point in time, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) could question the idea that the universe is only made of matter.
At some point in time, antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the Big Bang according to the theory.
At some point in time, CERN states that the energies achievable by the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) have only ever been found in nature.
At some point in time, the machine alone costs approximately three billion euros (about $3.3 billion).
At some point in time, the cost of the machine is paid for by member countries of CERN.
At some point in time, the cost of the machine is paid for by contributions from non-member nations.
At some point in time, CERN asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by Swiss laws.
At some point in time, CERN asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by French laws.
At some point in time, CERN asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with a European Council Directive.
At some point in time, scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting with bated breath as the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) ventures into the great unknown.
At some point in time, CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology, Frédérick Bordry, stated that the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is in great shape.
At some point in time, CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology, Frédérick Bordry, stated that the most important step is to increase the energy of the beams to new record levels.
At some point in time, Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report.