At some point in time, an Amnesty International report is calling for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, the report is entitled "Their Lives on the Line."
At some point in time, the report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights by the Taliban.
At some point in time, the report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights by tribal warlords.
At some point in time, the report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights by government officials.
At some point in time, the publication of the report is timely.
At some point in time, the brutal murder of Farkhunda shocked the world.
At some point in time, Farkhunda was a young woman in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Farkhunda's body was burnt and callously chucked into a river in Kabul.
At some point in time, Farkhunda was accused of burning pages from the Quran.
At some point in time, many people protested Farkhunda's innocence.
At some point in time, for the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers.
At some point in time, women in Afghanistan hoisted Farkhunda's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves.
At some point in time, women in Afghanistan sobbed and shouted messages of women's solidarity as they marched along the streets.
At some point in time, Afghanistan was ranked by a Thomson Reuters Foundation poll in 2011 as the most dangerous place in the world for women.
At some point in time, the feminist act of women in Afghanistan seemed safe.
At some point in time, latest figures suggest women in Afghanistan were risking their lives to be heard.
At some point in time, in 2013, the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan released statistics that showed the number of women killed in Afghanistan had increased by 20% from the previous year.
At some point in time, the number of civilian victims in Afghanistan had decreased.
At some point in time, the Special Representative of the U.N. Secretary-General in Afghanistan at the time was Jan Kubis.
At some point in time, Jan Kubis told the U.N. Security Council that the majority of women killed is linked to domestic violence.
At some point in time, Jan Kubis told the U.N. Security Council that the majority of women killed is linked to tradition.
At some point in time, Jan Kubis told the U.N. Security Council that the majority of women killed is linked to the culture of Afghanistan.
At some point in time, women activists have been deliberately targeted.
At some point in time, little support has come from those in power for women activists.
At some point in time, the Afghan government has done very little to protect women activists.
At some point in time, perpetrators of violence against women almost always walk free.
At some point in time, threats reported by women rights defenders are often simply ignored.
At some point in time, many women defenders said that when they received some protection from authorities, it was often significantly less than what male counterparts or colleagues were afforded.
At some point in time, during the attack on Farkhunda, many eyewitnesses have testified that police officers stood idly by while Farkhunda was being lynched and killed.
At some point in time, twenty-six people were arrested in connection with the attack on Farkhunda.
At some point in time, thirteen police officials were suspended in connection with the attack on Farkhunda.
At some point in time, suspending police officers is not enough.
At some point in time, those who failed in their duty must also be held to account.
At some point in time, anything less than holding those who failed in their duty to account will just encourage further mob violence.
At some point in time, the activists continue their work despite their lives being on the line.
At some point in time, the female protesters at Farkhunda's funeral were a remarkable moment.
At some point in time, Mosadiq has decades of experience campaigning for women's rights in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer is a women's rights activist.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer is a spokesperson for the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan is a small but outspoken political party based in Kabul.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan operates in twenty provinces.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan fights for issues such as democracy.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan fights for social justice.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan fights for women's rights.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan was the first to be banned in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan was banned for accusing Afghan leaders and commanders of war crimes.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan was banned for demanding that Afghan leaders and commanders be brought to justice.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer took part in Farkhunda's funeral.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer took part in protests against Farkhunda's death.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer believes the recent violence against Afghan women is the worst case.
At some point in time, the opportunity was taken to deliver a clear message at Farkhunda's funeral.
At some point in time, the women of Afghanistan showed that they will not keep silent anymore.
At some point in time, the women of Afghanistan are not ready to accept more brutality and violence against women.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer said that they decided to carry Farkhunda's dead body on their own shoulders.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer said that they wanted to show the world that not only men can carry a coffin.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer said that they broke the traditionalism that a man has to do this job.
At some point in time, male onlookers supported the mission of the female protesters at Farkhunda's funeral.
At some point in time, male onlookers are in the minority overall in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, male onlookers at the funeral said that women have to do this to change the hatred in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer believes that without men, it is not possible for women to get their rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer said that men and women were working together.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer said that women need to step forward for their rights.
At some point in time, Mosadiq says the fight for women's rights was established a while ago.
At some point in time, women's activism in Afghanistan is nothing new.
At some point in time, the women's rights movement in Afghanistan has grown substantially since 2001.
At some point in time, the women's rights movement in Afghanistan has fought for and achieved some very significant gains.
At some point in time, the gains of the women's rights movement in Afghanistan are under threat now.
At some point in time, some gains of the women's rights movement in Afghanistan are being rolled back.
At some point in time, it is essential that the Afghan government and its international partners do not allow the gains of the women's rights movement to be rolled back.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer has been subject to threats because of her work.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer received threats through emails.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer received threats through phone calls.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer received threats at her home.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer received threats at her office.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer knew what she was getting herself into.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer knew that it wasn't an easy task.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer acknowledged that there might be many challenges.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer acknowledged that she might lose her life when she is struggling for her rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer wants to struggle more for her rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer wants to have more people around her to struggle with her.
At some point in time, Mosadiq says it is too soon to talk about a revolution.
At some point in time, the response to Farkhunda's killing has been a silver lining.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer believes this is the beginning of an uprising.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer believes the uprising needs to keep moving.
At some point in time, a man in Selay Ghaffer's life motivated her to fight.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer's father inspired her to fight.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer's father is no longer alive.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer's father died three months ago.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer's father always told her that women always suffered in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer's father always told her that she has to struggle for her rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer realizes how lucky she is in a society where she has witnessed men oppressing women.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer has witnessed men being role models for women in her society.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer maintains that silence is an injustice to women.
At some point in time, silence is an injustice to the victim of the recent mob violence.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer believes that if she does not act, then no one will act.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer believes that if another sister does not act, then no one will act.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer believes that they have to struggle for their rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer believes that if they keep their silence, more women like Farkhunda will be killed in Afghanistan.