At some point in time, lost luggage after a long flight is a common occurrence of modern air travel.
At some point in time, lost luggage after a long flight is a frustrating occurrence of modern air travel.
At some point in time, airlines sometimes lose things that are irreplaceable.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart is an American.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart was devastated to learn that Etihad Airways lost her most important baggage.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart's most important baggage is her 2-year-old pet cat, Felix.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman booked Felix on their Etihad Airways flight.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman booked Felix on their flight from the United Arab Emirates to New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport on April 1.
At some point in time, Felix was found somewhere on the grounds of Kennedy Airport shortly after the plane arrived in New York.
At some point in time, Etihad Airways reported that Felix was found somewhere on the grounds of Kennedy Airport.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart believes Felix was able to get loose because the cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged.
At some point in time, the cat's plastic carrier was badly damaged at some point during the flight or the transfer from the airplane to the pickup area.
At some point in time, a cargo manager called Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman to an office after they landed at Kennedy Airport.
At some point in time, the cargo manager notified Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman that their cat's carrier had been crushed.
At some point in time, photographs taken by Jennifer Stewart showed a large hole in the top of the cat's carrier.
At some point in time, at least one of the corners of the cat's carrier appeared partially collapsed.
At some point in time, nearly one week later, Felix remains missing.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart said that it makes her sick for Etihad Airways to treat a cat like cargo.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart said that people trust that others care and are doing their job well.
At some point in time, a representative for Etihad Airways told CNN that the loss of pets during air travel is extremely rare.
At some point in time, Etihad Airways shipped more than 200 pets last year.
At some point in time, Etihad Airways is investigating the incident.
At some point in time, Etihad Airways is working with ground handlers at the New York airport to help locate the missing cat.
At some point in time, Etihad Airways hired third-party specialists to help in the hunt for Felix.
At some point in time, Etihad Airways deeply regrets the unfortunate incident.
At some point in time, Etihad Airways is keeping Jennifer Stewart apprised of the progress of the search.
At some point in time, Etihad Airways will review its pet handling procedures in the wake of this incident.
At some point in time, the safety and care of pets traveling with Etihad Airways is a top priority.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman booked the cat's flight as part of their job relocation to the United States.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman lived in Abu Dhabi for more than three years.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart and Joseph Naaman spent $1,200 to ship Felix on the 14-hour flight.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart said that people assume they pay extra to have their pets taken care of.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart said that pets are treated no differently than a free piece of checked luggage.
It is not the first time a pet has gone missing at New York's busiest airport.
At some point in time, in August 2011, a cat escaped from its carrier before an American Airlines flight from New York to San Francisco.
At some point in time, that cat was eventually discovered alive two months later in a customs room at the airport.
At some point in time, the cat later had to be euthanized because of injuries and malnutrition it suffered while lost.
At some point in time, this weekend, Jennifer Stewart enlisted the help of a local nonprofit.
At some point in time, the local nonprofit provided a highly trained detection dog to help track down Felix's scent.
At some point in time, a wildlife biologist who works with the airport has placed traps to facilitate Felix's safe return.
At some point in time, officials at Kennedy Airport have offered to assist Etihad Airways as the airline investigates what happened.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart said that she and Joseph Naaman will continue to search the airport until they have answers.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart said that they just want to find Felix.
At some point in time, Jennifer Stewart said that she does not know if they will find Felix.