At some point in time, the Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the membership gives the International Criminal Court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.
At some point in time, the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at The Hague, in the Netherlands.
At some point in time, the International Criminal Court is based in The Hague, in the Netherlands.
At some point in time, the Palestinians signed the International Criminal Court's founding Rome Statute in January.
At some point in time, the Palestinians accepted the International Criminal Court's jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in the occupied Palestinian territory, including East Jerusalem, since June 13, 2014.
At some point in time, the International Criminal Court opened a preliminary examination into the situation in Palestinian territories later that month.
At some point in time, the preliminary examination paves the way for possible war crimes investigations against Israelis.
At some point in time, as members of the International Criminal Court, Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges.
At some point in time, Israel opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki spoke at Wednesday's ceremony.
At some point in time, Riad al-Malki said the membership was a move toward greater justice.
At some point in time, Riad al-Malki said that Palestine formally became a State Party to the Rome Statute on that day.
At some point in time, Riad al-Malki said the world is a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice.
At some point in time, Riad al-Malki's statements were reported by an International Criminal Court news release.
At some point in time, Judge Kuniko Ozaki is a vice president of the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, Judge Kuniko Ozaki said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the Palestinians.
At some point in time, Judge Kuniko Ozaki said the Rome Statute entered into force for the State of Palestine on that day.
At some point in time, Palestine acquires all the rights that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute.
At some point in time, Palestine acquires all the responsibilities that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute.
At some point in time, the commitments that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute are substantive commitments.
At some point in time, the commitments cannot be taken lightly.
At some point in time, rights group Human Rights Watch welcomed the development.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah is the international justice counsel for Human Rights Watch.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah said that governments seeking to penalize Palestine for joining the International Criminal Court should immediately end their pressure.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah said that countries that support universal acceptance of the International Criminal Court's treaty should speak out to welcome Palestine's membership.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah said that attempts to undermine international justice are objectionable.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah said that Palestine's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries around the world are members is not objectionable.
At some point in time, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the preliminary International Criminal Court examination as an outrage.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu said the International Criminal Court was overstepping its boundaries.
At some point in time, the United States said it strongly agreed with the International Criminal Court's decision.
The United States does not believe that Palestine is a state.
The United States does not believe that Palestine is eligible to join the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, the United States urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations.
At some point in time, the United States will continue to oppose actions against Israel at the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, the United States believes that opposing actions against Israel is not productive to the cause of peace.
At some point in time, the International Criminal Court refers to the territories as "Palestine." A preliminary examination is not a formal investigation.
At some point in time, a preliminary examination allows the International Criminal Court to review evidence.
At some point in time, a preliminary examination allows the International Criminal Court to determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides.
At some point in time, Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said her office would conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality.
At some point in time, the war between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead.
At some point in time, the inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since June.
At some point in time, the International Criminal Court was set up in 2002 to prosecute genocide, crimes against humanity, and war crimes.