At some point in time, Robert Redford played a role in the movie "All Is Lost."
At some point in time, Ang Lee directed the movie "Life of Pi."
At some point in time, in real life, it is hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for days.
At some point in time, in real life, it is hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for weeks.
At some point in time, in real life, it is hard to swallow the idea of a single person being stranded at sea for months.
At some point in time, miracles do happen in real life.
At some point in time, people who float aimlessly do not represent the cases of individuals lost at sea for long periods.
At some point in time, people who run aground after running out of gas do not represent the cases of individuals lost at sea for long periods.
At some point in time, people who are let down by faltering winds and picked up a few hours later by the U.S. Coast Guard do not represent the cases of individuals lost at sea for long periods.
At some point in time, much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough to run out of food.
At some point in time, much rarer are cases in which individuals become lost at sea long enough to run out of drinking water.
At some point in time, individuals lost at sea must rely on ingenuity to survive.
At some point in time, individuals lost at sea must rely on resourcefulness to survive.
At some point in time, individuals lost at sea must rely on luck to survive.
At some point in time, the number of stories that end sadly with a sailor dying at sea is much higher than the number of stories that end in rescues.
At some point in time, happy endings do occur in stories of individuals lost at sea.
At some point in time, rescue agencies have reported happy endings in stories of individuals lost at sea.
No one else can prove or refute the accounts of sole survivors.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan set off on his 35-foot sailboat from South Carolina in late January.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan headed into the Gulf Stream looking for a good spot to catch fish.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan's boat capsized.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan's boat's mast broke.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan's shoulder broke.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan rationed water to buy time.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan collected fresh water in a bucket.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan used laundry to trap and scoop up fish.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan rigged a makeshift mast and sail.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan's sailboat capsized two more times.
At some point in time, crew members on a German-flagged container ship spotted Louis Jordan about 200 miles off the North Carolina coast on Thursday.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan's father greeted him with a hug.
At some point in time, Louis Jordan's father admitted that he thought he lost Louis Jordan.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga's journey began in Paredon Viejo, a port on Mexico's Pacific coast, in late 2012.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga set off in December 2012 according to his account.
At some point in time, locals say Jose Salvador Alvarenga set off in November 2012.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga disappeared after he left Paredon Viejo.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga interacted with humans again in January 2013.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga interacted with humans thousands of miles away on a remote atoll in the Marshall Islands.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga's trip was supposed to be a one-day trip.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga's trip turned into an arduous odyssey across the Pacific Ocean.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga lost his fishing companion during his journey.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga's journey tested his will and ability to survive.
At some point in time, winds blew Jose Salvador Alvarenga and his partner off course.
At some point in time, a storm hit Jose Salvador Alvarenga's boat.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga's boat lost its engine due to the storm.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga's boat lost the use of its radio communication due to the storm.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga's boat lost the use of its GPS systems due to the storm.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga's partner died after four weeks because he refused to eat raw birds.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga refused to drink rainwater.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga drank his own urine when rainwater was not available.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga ate sea turtles.
At some point in time, after 13 or 14 months adrift, Jose Salvador Alvarenga and his small, heavily damaged boat arrived on the Ebon Atoll.
At some point in time, Ebon Atoll is about a 22-hour boat ride from the Marshall Islands capital of Majuro.
At some point in time, Ebon Atoll has one phone line.
At some point in time, Ebon Atoll has no Internet service.
At some point in time, Ebon Atoll has a few residents.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga spotted two residents on Ebon Atoll.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga shouted to the two residents on Ebon Atoll after spending a night in the woods.
At some point in time, Jose Salvador Alvarenga's faith in God helped him survive.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham is a fisherman.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham's son is named Zakary.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham set off solo from the Hawaiian island of Molokai around last Thanksgiving.
At some point in time, bad weather hit Ron Ingraham's sailboat.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham's 25-foot sailboat went backwards all night long.
At some point in time, a huge wave struck Ron Ingraham's sailboat.
At some point in time, the huge wave pushed Ron Ingraham's mast into the water.
At some point in time, the huge wave pushed Ron Ingraham into the water.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham used a rope to pull himself back into his sailboat.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham's boat could not be rescued easily.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham was left at the mercy of the current.
At some point in time, a distress call went out from Ron Ingraham's sailboat.
At some point in time, the search for Ron Ingraham covered 12,000 square miles.
At some point in time, a Coast Guard official told Ron Ingraham the search was being called off on December 1.
At some point in time, Zakary Ingraham responded that he did not feel like Ron Ingraham was dead.
At some point in time, twelve days after the first distress call, Ron Ingraham was picked up about 64 miles south of Honolulu.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham was weak when he was picked up.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham was hungry when he was picked up.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham was dehydrated when he was picked up.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham was alive when he was picked up.
At some point in time, Ron Ingraham headed back to shore only after getting assurances his damaged boat would come with him.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez was 18 years old in February 2012.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez's mother is named Nilsa de la Cruz.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez was asked by two friends whether he wanted to tag along on an overnight fishing expedition.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez said yes to the invitation to tag along on the fishing expedition.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez and two friends set off from the Panama town of San Carlos on a small boat.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez and his two friends caught plenty of fish at the beginning of their trip.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez's boat's engine died without warning.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez and his two friends did not have tools after the engine died.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez and his two friends did not have navigational experience after the engine died.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez ate raw fish during his ordeal.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez drank rainwater during his ordeal.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez's boat, the Fifty Cents, was swept further into the Pacific Ocean by currents.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez's two companions died during the ordeal.
At some point in time, it is not clear how Adrian Vasquez's two companions died.
At some point in time, Ecuadorian Rear Admiral Freddy Garcia Calle said Adrian Vasquez threw the bodies of his companions into the sea.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez's companions had become badly decomposed.
At some point in time, fishermen spotted Adrian Vasquez's tiny vessel 26 days after the journey began.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez's tiny vessel was spotted nearly 600 miles away from where the journey began.
At some point in time, the Ecuadorian navy picked up Adrian Vasquez after his vessel was spotted.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez lost 20 pounds during his ordeal.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez showed severe signs of dehydration and lack of nutrition.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez returned home to loved ones eager to embrace him.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez's family was mindful of giving him time to process the ordeal.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez's mother said that for them, this is an opportunity to get closer as a family.
At some point in time, Adrian Vasquez's mother said that for them, this is an opportunity to be more understanding and loving.
At some point in time, Hiromitsu Shinkawa was at home on March 11, 2011.
At some point in time, a massive 9.0 magnitude earthquake struck 231 miles northeast of Tokyo on March 11, 2011.
At some point in time, a devastating tsunami followed the earthquake.
At some point in time, the tsunami had 30-foot waves.
At some point in time, the tsunami ravaged cities and towns.
At some point in time, the tsunami damaged several nuclear reactors.
At some point in time, nearly 16,000 people were dead by the time the tsunami had run its course.
At some point in time, Hiromitsu Shinkawa was saved by holding onto the roof of his home.
At some point in time, Hiromitsu Shinkawa's wife was swept away by the tsunami.
At some point in time, more than two days later, video showed Hiromitsu Shinkawa barely visible amid heaps of splintered wood, shattered homes, and other debris.
At some point in time, Hiromitsu Shinkawa was floating more than nine miles out to sea.
At some point in time, Hiromitsu Shinkawa was waving a self-made red flag.
At some point in time, crew aboard a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyer spotted Hiromitsu Shinkawa.
At some point in time, Hiromitsu Shinkawa was picked up in a smaller rescue boat.
At some point in time, Hiromitsu Shinkawa took a drink offered to him by his rescuers.
At some point in time, Hiromitsu Shinkawa burst into tears after taking a drink offered to him by his rescuers.
At some point in time, Hiromitsu Shinkawa told his rescuers that he thought that day was the last day of his life.