At some point in time, Walmart's actions resonate deeply with public opinion on gay rights.
At some point in time, Walmart criticized a religious freedom law in Arkansas.
At some point in time, Walmart announced in February that it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers.
At some point in time, Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on political issues.
At some point in time, some prominent Republicans are urging the Republican Party to take notice of Walmart's actions.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty called on the Republican Party to be the party of Sam's Club.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty stated that Walmart's actions foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty believes the Republican Party will have to better stand for ideas on helping the middle class.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty stated that the Republican Party must be willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty suggested a reasonable increase in the minimum wage is necessary.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty suggested prohibiting discrimination against gays and lesbians in jobs, housing, and public accommodation is necessary.
At some point in time, Walmart employs more than 50,000 people in Arkansas.
At some point in time, Walmart emerged victorious on a Wednesday.
At some point in time, Doug McMillon, Walmart's CEO, called on Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson to veto the bill.
At some point in time, Asa Hutchinson held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed.
At some point in time, Walmart employs less than 10,000 people in Arkansas.
At some point in time, Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom law puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party.
At some point in time, Walmart's political action committee has tended to support the Republican Party.
In 2004, Walmart's PAC gave around $2 million to Republicans.
In 2004, Walmart's PAC gave less than $500,000 to Democrats.
At some point in time, the gap in political contributions from Walmart's PAC has grown less pronounced in recent years.
In 2014, Walmart's PAC spent about $1.3 million to support Republicans.
In 2014, Walmart's PAC spent around $970,000 for Democrats.
At some point in time, Walmart bulked up its nondiscrimination policies in 2011.
At some point in time, Walmart added protections for gender identity in its nondiscrimination policies.
At some point in time, Walmart announced it would start offering health insurance benefits to same-sex partners of employees in 2014.
At some point in time, retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues reflects its diverse consumer base.
At some point in time, retail experts say Walmart's evolution on these issues recognizes the country's increasingly progressive views on gay equality.
At some point in time, support for same-sex marriage is at a new high of 59%.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill stated that it is easy for companies like Chick-fil-A to take a polarizing position.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill stated that the largest retailer in the world has a different situation.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill stated that same-sex marriage is becoming more commonplace in the U.S.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill stated that businesses must follow the trend of their customers.
At some point in time, the backlash over religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas highlights the business community's support for workplace policies promoting gay equality.
At some point in time, after Mike Pence signed Indiana's religious freedom bill into law, CEOs threatened to pull out of Indiana.
At some point in time, the resistance to Indiana's religious freedom law came from business leaders of all political persuasions.
At some point in time, Bill Oesterle announced that Angie's List would put plans on hold to expand in Indianapolis due to Indiana's religious freedom act.
At some point in time, NASCAR spoke out against Indiana's religious freedom law.
At some point in time, Jason Rahlan stated that the business community supports equality and opposes discrimination.
At some point in time, national Republicans are being forced to balance protecting religious liberties and supporting nondiscrimination.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush initially backed Indiana's religious freedom law.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush moderated his tone a few days after initially backing Indiana's religious freedom law.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush stated that Indiana could have taken a better and more consensus-oriented approach.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush referenced Pence's promise to fix Indiana's law in light of backlash.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz stated he had no interest in second-guessing Mike Pence.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz lashed out at the business community for opposing Indiana's religious freedom law.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz believes it is unfortunate that large companies are listening to an extreme left-wing agenda.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton called on Asa Hutchinson to veto the Arkansas bill.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton stated that the Arkansas bill would permit unfair discrimination against the LGBT community.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir welcomed Asa Hutchinson's pledge to seek changes to the Arkansas bill.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir stated that businesses are willing to engage in politically controversial debates.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir stated that culture and quality of life are important to businesses.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir stated that issues impacting culture and quality of life will prompt the business community to speak out.