At some point in time, President Obama's nomination of Loretta Lynch to become the country's first African-American woman attorney general is a historic pick.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's confirmation wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate is taking on new historical relevance.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate has lasted into its sixth month.
At some point in time, the period between the Senate Judiciary Committee's vote to confirm and the full Senate vote has lasted longer for Loretta Lynch than for any attorney general nominee in recent history.
At some point in time, the Senate has not scheduled a full Senate vote for Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, by the time the Senate returns from Easter recess on Monday, Loretta Lynch's wait will have been longer than the combined wait of the eight previous nominees for the job.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch is currently the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York.
At some point in time, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to confirm Loretta Lynch on February 26 by a vote of 12-8.
At some point in time, Republican Senators Orrin Hatch of Utah, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, and Jeff Flake of Arizona joined Democrats in sending Loretta Lynch's nomination to the full Senate.
At some point in time, President Obama nominated Loretta Lynch to replace Attorney General Eric Holder on November 8.
At some point in time, Eric Holder announced plans to leave the post weeks before Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's family moved to Durham, North Carolina when Loretta Lynch was a child.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's parents have been married for 60 years.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's parents still live in Durham, North Carolina.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's father, the Rev. Lorenzo Lynch, watched the announcement of her nomination on television.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch believes that the delay in Loretta Lynch's confirmation is discouraging.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch knows that nothing is certain in politics.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch knows that nothing is easy in politics.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch is 82 years old.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch is a retired Baptist preacher.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch was active in the civil rights movement of the 1960s.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Durham in 1973.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch traveled to Washington in late January to attend Loretta Lynch's confirmation hearing before the Judiciary Committee.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch heard a lot at Loretta Lynch's confirmation hearing that he has heard since childhood.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch referred to the "dual system or the dual treatment" in relation to Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch deferred to the state branch of the NAACP for specific examples regarding Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison is a Durham activist who has known Loretta Lynch since the family moved to Durham.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison suggested that Loretta Lynch's confirmation vote has been delayed because Loretta Lynch is African-American.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison believes that the delay in Loretta Lynch's confirmation is different from any other person who has been nominated.
At some point in time, Rep. G.K. Butterfield, D-North Carolina, said that race can be considered a major factor in the delay of Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, Rep. G.K. Butterfield also stated that the delay is due to the irrationality of the new Republicans.
At some point in time, Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Illinois, criticized Republicans regarding Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, Sen. Dick Durbin evoked imagery of the segregated South in his criticism of Republicans.
At some point in time, Sen. Dick Durbin stated that Loretta Lynch had been "asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar."
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain criticized Sen. Dick Durbin for questioning the integrity and motivation of Republicans.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain stated that Sen. Dick Durbin's comments were offensive and unnecessary.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain believes that Sen. Dick Durbin owes an apology to Loretta Lynch and all Americans.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch believes that Sen. Dick Durbin should be commended for his comments.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch described Sen. Dick Durbin's comments as a poetic description of what has happened.
At some point in time, Senate Republicans deny that the delay in scheduling a vote on Loretta Lynch's nomination is because Loretta Lynch is African-American.
At some point in time, many Senate Republicans point out that Loretta Lynch, if confirmed, will be replacing the country's first African-American attorney general.
At some point in time, the first African-American attorney general was confirmed by an overwhelming margin.
At some point in time, Senate Republicans and Democrats say that the delay in Loretta Lynch's confirmation is part of an ongoing partisan battle.
At some point in time, some believe that the delay is part of a fight over a human trafficking bill that has stalled in the Senate.
At some point in time, others believe that the delay is retaliation for President Obama's 2014 executive actions on immigration.
At some point in time, FiveThirtyEight.com predicted that whoever President Obama nominated would likely face at least a moderately tough confirmation hearing in the Senate.
At some point in time, some of Loretta Lynch's supporters across North Carolina have organized to convince the state's two Republican senators to support Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, in March, several dozen North Carolina women, led by the NAACP, traveled to Washington to meet with Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis.
At some point in time, the meeting between the North Carolina women and Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis lasted nearly an hour.
At some point in time, the meeting between the North Carolina women and Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis was very cordial.
At some point in time, the group blasted Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis for opposing Loretta Lynch's nomination at a news conference at the Washington Press Club.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison stated that it is time for Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis to act like they have some sense.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison believes it is past time for Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis to support Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison stated that Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis have embarrassed the state of North Carolina.
At some point in time, Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis released a statement after the meeting with the North Carolina women.
At some point in time, Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis remain concerned with Loretta Lynch's stated desire to lead the Department of Justice in the same manner as Eric Holder.
At some point in time, Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis will not be supporting Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis expressed gratitude that the group came to Washington to talk about the issue and exchange ideas.
At some point in time, the NAACP organized protests outside Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis' offices in Raleigh, Charlotte, and Wilmington.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II, North Carolina NAACP Branch President, believes there is a much deeper analysis regarding Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II believes that if Loretta Lynch had been Clarence Thomas, she would have been confirmed.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II stated that Loretta Lynch's courage, character, and commitment to the law are what some people fear.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch carried his daughter, Loretta Lynch, to several civil rights marches on his shoulders.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch did not think that much of the recent progress of African-Americans was possible when he was fighting for equal rights.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch's small living room is filled with stacks of loosely organized newspaper stories about Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch's small living room contains photos of his visit to the White House.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch has never told his only daughter, Loretta Lynch, that he is proud of her.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch is sure that Loretta Lynch knows he is proud of her.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch plans to tell Loretta Lynch that he is proud of her soon, regardless of the outcome of her pending nomination.