At some point in time, the outlines of a nuclear deal with Iran are in place.
At some point in time, too many individuals in President Barack Obama's administration have forgotten that the only reason the terrorist-supporting state of Iran came to the negotiating table was because of tough sanctions imposed by the U.S. Congress.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama is giving up enormous leverage in his nuclear deal with Iran.
At some point in time, there is a concern that the leverage will be lost for good.
At some point in time, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khamenei gave his government rare permission to bargain with the United States.
At some point in time, the United States is referred to as the "Great Satan."
At some point in time, U.S. and European sanctions were forcing Iran to the nuclear crossroads.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama has given Tehran an easy exit.
At some point in time, the framework announced last week looks like a win-win for Ayatollah Khamenei.
At some point in time, Ayatollah Khamenei gets to keep his nuclear infrastructure.
At some point in time, Ayatollah Khamenei will receive billions of dollars in sanctions relief in return for keeping his nuclear infrastructure.
At some point in time, Congress offered a better strategy when Eliot Engel and another individual introduced a bill to hit Tehran with its toughest sanctions yet.
At some point in time, the bill passed the House in a 400-20 vote.
At some point in time, the bill was blocked in the Senate last year.
At some point in time, the bill would have sharpened Ayatollah Khamenei's choice between dismantling his nuclear weapons program or seeing his economy collapse.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama once had a tougher line regarding Iran's nuclear program in 2012.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama stated that the deal the United States would accept is for Iran to end its nuclear program.
At some point in time, the framework announced last week does not require Iran to end its nuclear program.
At some point in time, the framework was negotiated between Iran and the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France, and Germany.
At some point in time, the framework concedes that Iran can maintain a mutually defined enrichment program.
At some point in time, Iran can operate thousands of centrifuges.
At some point in time, Iran can continue its research and development of nuclear technologies.
At some point in time, the deal currently on the table would not provide Tehran with any previously sanctioned funds.
At some point in time, the deal would fill the coffers of the world's biggest state sponsor of terrorism.
At some point in time, Iran has strongholds in Syria, Iraq, Yemen, and Lebanon.
At some point in time, the strictest restrictions on Iran's enrichment will expire in only 10 years.
At some point in time, 367 Members of Congress, both Democrats and Republicans, sent a letter to President Barack Obama insisting that verifiable constraints on Iran's nuclear program must last for decades.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama admitted that in years 13, 14, and 15, Iran would have advanced centrifuges that enrich uranium fairly rapidly.
At some point in time, at that point, the breakout times for Iran's nuclear program would have shrunk almost down to zero.
At some point in time, the April 2 deal lacks tough safeguards to stop Iran from cheating.
At some point in time, the key question is whether inspectors at the International Atomic Energy Agency will be allowed to inspect military sites without warning.
At some point in time, if the International Atomic Energy Agency cannot conduct anytime, anywhere inspections, Iran will be able to sneak out to a bomb.
At some point in time, Iran has previously engaged in deception regarding its nuclear program.
At some point in time, in 1994, President Bill Clinton claimed to have struck a deal with North Korea that would make the United States, the Korean Peninsula, and the world safer.
At some point in time, President Bill Clinton promised that the North Korea agreement does not rely on trust.
At some point in time, compliance with the North Korea agreement was to be certified by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
At some point in time, twelve years after the assurances regarding North Korea, North Korea detonated its first nuclear bomb.
At some point in time, Iran could easily do the same as North Korea.
At some point in time, the best predictor of Iran's future behavior is its past behavior.
At some point in time, between 2004 and 2009, the Iranian government built a huge centrifuge facility named Fordo under a mountain deep in the Iranian desert.
At some point in time, Western intelligence agencies discovered Tehran's deception regarding the Fordo facility.
At some point in time, there is a concern that luck cannot be relied upon in the future.
At some point in time, Iran has not come clean about its history of secret weapons development.
At some point in time, Iran is still dodging basic questions from the International Atomic Energy Agency.
At some point in time, Iran has been helping Syrian dictator Bashar al Assad kill his own people.
At some point in time, Iran has been training and funding the terrorist group Hezbollah.
At some point in time, Hezbollah aims to annihilate Israel.
At some point in time, Iran has been supporting the Houthis.
At some point in time, the Houthis started a civil war and overthrew the government in Yemen.
At some point in time, Yemen was one of America's more reliable counterterrorism partners in the region.
At some point in time, if President Barack Obama is going to hand over billions of dollars to a regime that behaves violently, it has to be a better deal.
At some point in time, the framework keeps Iran's nuclear door open.