At some point in time, change is coming to Ferguson.
At some point in time, the Department of Justice (DOJ) will begin to negotiate with the city to restructure the police department in the next few weeks.
At some point in time, the DOJ has charged the Ferguson Police Department with engaging in a pattern and practice of racial discrimination.
At some point in time, the DOJ review of the Ferguson Police Department was precipitated by months of protests and activism following the killing of Michael Brown by a Ferguson police officer.
At some point in time, the DOJ review was also precipitated by revelations about Ferguson's dysfunctional government and court system by local civil rights law groups.
At some point in time, citizens elected two new black city council members on Tuesday.
At some point in time, change is beginning to come to Ferguson.
At some point in time, the report from the Department of Justice offered insight into a police department and court system that preyed on its own citizens.
At some point in time, the Ferguson Police Department engaged in illegal traffic stops and arrests.
At some point in time, the Ferguson Police Department used excessive force.
At some point in time, the Ferguson Police Department held town residents in bondage.
At some point in time, the municipal court system used excessive court fines and fees.
At some point in time, citizens arrested for minor infractions would be charged thousands of dollars or face jail time.
At some point in time, court costs and fees constituted the second-largest sources of revenue for Ferguson.
At some point in time, the Ferguson Police Department became a collection agency according to Attorney General Eric Holder.
At some point in time, the Ferguson Police Department preyed disproportionately on the town's African-American residents.
At some point in time, there was evidence of ugly and explicit racial discrimination in the Ferguson Police Department.
At some point in time, the evidence included blatantly racist emails traded among officers.
At some point in time, African-Americans were victims in all of the police canine bite incidents recorded by the Ferguson Police Department.
At some point in time, the Ferguson police chief declared there were no racial issues in his department just a few weeks before the release of the DOJ report.
At some point in time, Ferguson's racist emails were released.
At some point in time, the recommendations in the DOJ report ranged from new training and supervision of police officers to structural revisions in the court system.
At some point in time, if the recommendations are implemented, they will remake the law enforcement system in Ferguson.
At some point in time, a grand jury that investigated the shooting of Michael Brown chose not to file charges against Officer Darren Wilson.
At some point in time, the Justice Department did not find reason to prosecute Officer Darren Wilson.
At some point in time, change is coming to Ferguson's government.
At some point in time, town Manager John Shaw resigned weeks ago.
At some point in time, John Shaw has been replaced by the city's deputy manager.
At some point in time, three sitting city council members chose not to run for office again.
At some point in time, citizens elected two black candidates to the city council on Tuesday.
At some point in time, the racial composition of the city council changed.
At some point in time, five of six members and the mayor of the city council were white before the election.
At some point in time, the city council will be 50% black after the election.
At some point in time, Ferguson's police Chief Thomas Jackson resigned after a months-long display of incompetence.
At some point in time, the Ferguson Police Department drew national attention for its display of military weaponry and tear gas in response to civilian protests.
At some point in time, the appointment of a commander from the State Highway Patrol was deemed necessary to quell the unrest.
At some point in time, the appointment aimed to build community trust in the early days of the protest.
At some point in time, Jackson's departure sent a signal to the population of Ferguson.
At some point in time, there will be a new police chief in Ferguson.
At some point in time, fundamental change may not come to Ferguson.
At some point in time, protest and activism during this critical period must influence the opportunities that lie ahead.
At some point in time, the Department of Justice's negotiations with the leadership in Ferguson will determine the shape of the new Ferguson Police Department.
At some point in time, the Department of Justice will not negotiate with the city to restructure the police department in the next few weeks.
At some point in time, the DOJ report alludes to the possibility of disbanding the Ferguson Police Department.
At some point in time, local activists have suggested a regional policing integration with St. Louis County.
At some point in time, community representatives will have to fight hard to ensure that the DOJ can fold St. Louis County Police into its monitoring and reform process.
At some point in time, turnout in municipal elections has been notoriously low in Ferguson.
At some point in time, white voters are nearly three times more likely to turn out than African-Americans in Ferguson.
At some point in time, local groups engaged in vigorous voter registration and get-out-the-vote campaigns.
At some point in time, the Mayor has two years left in his term.
At some point in time, the Mayor has insisted that he will not resign.
At some point in time, a petition for the Mayor's recall has been circulating.
At some point in time, the Mayor will be a lead voice in negotiating with the DOJ to remake the police department.
At some point in time, community activists and residents must ensure that Mayor James Knowles plans to represent their vision of the new Ferguson Police Department.
At some point in time, there is an opportunity to begin thinking about more ambitious structural change in Ferguson and throughout St. Louis County.
At some point in time, Ferguson's governing structure mirrors that of thousands of other suburbs in the United States.
At some point in time, the form of governance in Ferguson might have been what middle-class white suburbanites wanted when they fled racial integration in cities like St. Louis.
At some point in time, working-class suburbs like Ferguson may need a more robust form of governance.
At some point in time, a system in which elected officials have minimal power is a recipe for unaccountable government.
At some point in time, non-elected leaders like the town manager and the chief of police have inordinate power in Ferguson.
At some point in time, this form of government is in wide use across the country.
At some point in time, Missouri holds municipal elections in non-presidential election years.
At some point in time, holding municipal elections in non-presidential election years guarantees lower voter turnout.
At some point in time, only a few states hold the primary and general election in March and April as Missouri law requires Ferguson to do.
At some point in time, Ferguson is not so different from towns across America.
At some point in time, Ferguson reflects flaws in the democratic system of government in towns across the country.
At some point in time, Ferguson residents have the opportunity to begin a movement for change in the other 89 jurisdictions in St. Louis County.
At some point in time, the other jurisdictions in St. Louis County are plagued by similar governance flaws.
At some point in time, Ferguson's example should provoke self-examination in working-class suburbs across the country.
At some point in time, the power and effectiveness of weak elected local government is inadequate to meet the needs of the population in working-class suburbs.
At some point in time, the scope and breadth of that change will depend upon the ambition and discipline of activists and residents.
At some point in time, activists and residents have transformed the trajectory of leadership in Ferguson.