At some point in time, the historic California drought hurts the rest of the United States.
At some point in time, California grows more than a third of the nation's vegetables.
At some point in time, California grows nearly two-thirds of the nation's fruits and nuts.
At some point in time, the California drought is now in its fourth year.
At some point in time, Governor Jerry Brown announced a mandatory 25% cutback in water consumption in all cities.
At some point in time, one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the California drought in 2014.
At some point in time, Timothy Richards is an agribusiness professor at Arizona State University.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for berries by about 80 cents per clamshell to $3.88.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for broccoli by 11 cents per pound to $1.89.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for grapes by 64 cents per pound to $3.06.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for melons by 24 cents per pound to $1.23.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for packaged salad by 23 cents a bag to $2.91.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for peppers by 26 cents per pound to $2.39.
At some point in time, fruits and vegetable prices fell in February.
At some point in time, overall prices are expected to rise this year because of inflation.
At some point in time, Annemarie Kuhns is a U.S. Department of Agriculture economist.
At some point in time, fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5% and 3.5%.
At some point in time, vegetable prices are projected to rise between 2% and 3%.
At some point in time, the California drought's effect on food prices this year is unknown.
At some point in time, the strength of the U.S. dollar allows producers to import crops.
At some point in time, the absence of West Coast rain may affect crop production.
At some point in time, the drop in oil prices eases the cost of transporting food from California to the other 49 states.
At some point in time, economists do not know if farmers will plant fewer crops because of the drought.
At some point in time, farmers' decisions about planting crops are being made in the field.
At some point in time, fewer crops could boost supermarket prices.
At some point in time, the California drought has the potential to impact the price of fresh fruit, fresh vegetables, dairy, and fresh eggs.
At some point in time, the exact impact of the California drought on prices is not known.
At some point in time, there is a major drought throughout the West and Southwest.
At some point in time, Texas and Oklahoma are seeing extreme and exceptional drought in several parts of their states.
At some point in time, the U.S. Drought Monitor reported on the drought conditions in Texas and Oklahoma.
At some point in time, the Western drought affects more than 52 million people.
At some point in time, consumers paid an extra 12.1% for beef and veal in 2014.
At some point in time, ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma saw smaller grazing pastures last year.
At some point in time, ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma paid more for feed last year.
At some point in time, ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma experienced difficulties accessing water to cool their cattle last year.
At some point in time, cattlemen in Texas and Oklahoma began culling their herds.
At some point in time, beef and veal prices should rise only by 6% at most this year.
At some point in time, the projected rise in beef and veal prices is still higher than the 4.1% historical average.
At some point in time, there are other areas being affected by the drought.
At some point in time, California is known as the Golden State because of the gold rush.
At some point in time, people flock to California for vacation because of its year-round sunshine.
At some point in time, restaurants in California can only serve water to customers on request.
At some point in time, the State Water Resources Control Board declared that restaurants can only serve water to customers on request.
At some point in time, hotels in California are required to ask guests if they want their linens and towels laundered daily.
At some point in time, requests about laundering linens and towels are mandatory under new regulations.
At some point in time, fewer homes in California are running decorative fountains.
At some point in time, much of the snowpack in the Sierra Nevada has disappeared.
At some point in time, many ski resorts shut down early this year, including at Lake Tahoe.
At some point in time, some ski resorts are building zip lines, mountain bike trails, and wedding venues to attract tourists.
At some point in time, Felicia Marcus is the State Water Board Chair.
At some point in time, Felicia Marcus stated that if the drought continues through next winter and more conservation is not achieved, the consequences could be catastrophic.
At some point in time, the 2014 wine grape harvest was the third in a string of great vintages this decade.
At some point in time, the Wine Institute reported that California vintners and growers are grateful for another excellent vintage despite the ongoing drought.
At some point in time, a mild winter and spring caused early bud break for wine grapes.
At some point in time, the overall length of the growing season for wine grapes was similar to past years.
At some point in time, wine grapes use relatively low water.
At some point in time, drought years tend to produce terrific quality wine grapes.
At some point in time, there were record high California wine grape harvests in 2012, 2013, and 2014.
At some point in time, there is a good supply of California wine.
At some point in time, the drought may have some positive effects on California wine quality.