At some point in time, Hillary Clinton is announcing her candidacy for the 2016 presidential election.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton's standing in the polls has sagged in recent months.
At some point in time, there is likely to be a boost in the polls in the days that follow the announcement.
At some point in time, there is ample reason for Democrats to be excited about Hillary Clinton's run for the presidency.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton is one of the strongest candidates in many decades.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton brings extensive political and policy experience.
At some point in time, the combination of skills that Hillary Clinton brings is often lacking.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton has been through some of the roughest partisan wars.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton has emerged stronger than ever before.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton has a keen sense about the nature of the modern news media.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton knows how to use the modern news media to her advantage.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton knows how to survive scandal frenzies.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton is a hardened, tough partisan.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will not shy away from Republican attacks.
At some point in time, many Americans have positive memories of the Clinton name.
At some point in time, the positive memories of the Clinton name are due to the booming economy of the late 1990s during Bill Clinton's presidency.
At some point in time, if Hillary Clinton puts together an effective campaign, she could be unbeatable in the Democratic primaries.
At some point in time, if Hillary Clinton puts together an effective campaign, she could be unbeatable in the general election.
At some point in time, some of Hillary Clinton's weaknesses have been exposed during the buildup to her final decision.
Hillary Clinton does not want to end up like Vice President Al Gore in 2000.
At some point in time, Al Gore did relatively well in the final election.
At some point in time, many Americans believe that Al Gore actually defeated George W. Bush.
At some point in time, Al Gore did not generate much energy once the campaign started.
At some point in time, Al Gore was touted as a "perfect" candidate.
At some point in time, Al Gore was viewed as the ideal person for the job.
At some point in time, something seemed stiff and inauthentic about Al Gore when he hit the trail.
At some point in time, Al Gore seemed to freeze when the television cameras were rolling.
At some point in time, Al Gore had trouble connecting with voters.
At some point in time, Al Gore seemed to remake his image constantly.
At some point in time, Al Gore's biggest asset was that he was viewed as the inevitable nominee.
At some point in time, Al Gore's biggest asset was not what he actually stood for.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton must avoid following Al Gore's path.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton suffered a similar fate in the 2008 primaries.
Hillary Clinton cannot afford to suffer a similar fate again.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton needs to do more than rest on the perception that her candidacy is inevitable.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton needs to do more than rest on her record of experience.
At some point in time, it is not enough for Hillary Clinton to rest on the perception that her candidacy is inevitable.
At some point in time, it is not enough for Hillary Clinton to rest on her record of experience.
At some point in time, it is more important for Hillary Clinton to put forth an exciting vision about what she would stand for in the White House.
At some point in time, voters thirst for signs of greatness when they pick their presidents.
At some point in time, voters are savvy enough to understand that the reality of a polarized Washington will probably limit Hillary Clinton's ability to achieve bold change.
At some point in time, a recent story in The Washington Post suggests that Hillary Clinton's advisers are aware of this potential liability.
At some point in time, after the announcement, Hillary Clinton's advisers are going to avoid big rallies and events.
At some point in time, after the announcement, Hillary Clinton's advisers are going to concentrate on smaller events.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton's advisers are going to concentrate on smaller events where Hillary Clinton will meet with voters directly.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will meet with voters directly in states such as Iowa and New Hampshire.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will have to contend with doubts about her authenticity.
At some point in time, in his first day on the campaign trail, Senator Rand Paul immediately tapped into concerns about Hillary Clinton's authenticity.
At some point in time, Senator Rand Paul raised questions about whether Hillary Clinton could be trusted.
At some point in time, the question of whether Hillary Clinton can be trusted has dogged the Clintons since they came onto the national political scene in the late 1980s.
At some point in time, the Clintons' greatest virtue is their immense skills as politicians.
At some point in time, the Clintons' greatest virtue has often come back to haunt them.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton was attacked as "slick Willie" by members of both parties.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton was attacked for the perception that he would say anything to win.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton has faced similar criticism.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton tried to distance herself from her vote for the use of force in Iraq.
At some point in time, many Democrats did not buy Hillary Clinton's critique of President George W. Bush's foreign policies.
At some point in time, many Democrats went for Barack Obama instead of Hillary Clinton.
At some point in time, many voters saw Hillary Clinton's "listening tour" of New York as a genuine attempt to connect with the people.
At some point in time, many voters saw Hillary Clinton's "listening tour" of New York before running for the Senate as a genuine attempt to connect with the people.
At some point in time, many voters felt that there was nothing to the recent stories about Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server.
At some point in time, many voters felt that even if the story about Hillary Clinton's email was relatively minor, it indicated that she wasn't always telling the truth.
At some point in time, even if Hillary Clinton isn't hiding anything, she often gives the appearance that she is hiding something.
At some point in time, during the next few months, Hillary Clinton will have to connect with her party's base.
At some point in time, the ongoing speculation about Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts has suggested that the most active part of the Democratic Party is not very enthused with Hillary Clinton's candidacy.
At some point in time, the most active part of the Democratic Party will probably vote for Hillary Clinton.
At some point in time, the most active part of the Democratic Party is not very motivated to vote for Hillary Clinton.
At some point in time, the most active part of the Democratic Party does not trust that Hillary Clinton will stand for Democratic values.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will need to address these concerns.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will need to address these concerns not through her style but through her agenda.
At some point in time, voters will want to hear Hillary Clinton talking about tougher financial regulation.
At some point in time, voters will want to hear Hillary Clinton talking about policies to diminish economic inequality.
At some point in time, voters will want to hear Hillary Clinton's positions on race and policing.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will need to make clear that she has heard voters on being too hawkish about going to war.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will need to give clear indications about how she would handle a nuclear agreement with Iran.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will have to contend with the gender bias that still exists in the electorate at large.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will be subject to questions and comments about her appearance.
At some point in time, the questions and comments about Hillary Clinton's appearance will not be aimed at male candidates.
At some point in time, part of Hillary Clinton's candidacy is an effort to break down the remaining vestiges of political sexism.
At some point in time, the struggle to break down the remaining vestiges of political sexism will be tough.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton will have to contend with her husband.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton can be an immense force on the campaign trail.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton is one of the most compelling Democrats of our generation.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton can also be a liability.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton is not always easy to control.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton's comments about Obama's candidacy can often work against Hillary Clinton.
At some point in time, the fund-raising records of the Clinton Foundation will raise questions about conflict of interest.
At some point in time, ongoing stories about Bill Clinton's personal life could re-emerge on the campaign trail.
At some point in time, the stories about Bill Clinton's personal life could re-emerge as was the case when Monica Lewinsky returned to the media a few months ago.
At some point in time, everything is fair game on the modern campaign trail.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton has the potential to be a hugely successful presidential candidate.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton and her campaign team will need to address the multiple questions and weaknesses that have become clear in recent months.