At some point in time, President Barack Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran before he became the Democratic candidate for president.
At some point in time, reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy goal.
At some point in time, the process has unfolded under the destructive influence of political considerations.
At some point in time, political considerations have weakened America's hand.
At some point in time, political considerations have strengthened Iran.
At some point in time, Barack Obama's political standing is deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with Iran.
At some point in time, Barack Obama's historic legacy in foreign policy is deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with Iran.
At some point in time, if the nuclear deal ultimately collapses, Barack Obama may fear that historians will conclude that his legacy in global affairs collapsed with it.
At some point in time, the United States is the more eager side in the nuclear talks.
At some point in time, Iran's economy was sent into a deep chill by international sanctions.
At some point in time, Iran's only significant export, oil, lost more than half of its value in recent months.
At some point in time, Barack Obama has a huge political stake in the negotiations.
At some point in time, Barack Obama may insist that the United States will choose no deal over a bad deal.
At some point in time, few people believe Barack Obama has a credible Plan B.
At some point in time, few people believe Barack Obama has a credible Plan B, particularly in the Middle East.
At some point in time, few people believe Barack Obama has a credible Plan B among America's Arab friends.
At some point in time, America's Arab friends hold the view that Iran is running circles around the United States.
At some point in time, America's Arab friends hold the view that Iran outplayed Barack Obama.
At some point in time, David Rothkopf said, "Iran is having a great Obama administration."
At some point in time, the belief that Iran is having a great Obama administration has started shaking up the region.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia has said that it will pursue nuclear weapons if it believes Iran has not been stopped.
At some point in time, other countries among Iran's Muslim rivals will pursue nuclear weapons if they believe Iran has not been stopped.
At some point in time, the notion that Barack Obama is not handling the Iranian threat effectively is contributing to a new war in Yemen.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia and other Arabs are trying to push back against gains by Iran's allies in Yemen.
At some point in time, Barack Obama said he would meet Iran's leaders "without preconditions" in 2007.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama's idea to meet Iran's leaders "Irresponsible and frankly naive."
Iran has not engaged in international terrorism.
At some point in time, Iran has contributed to stabilizing the region.
At some point in time, finding a deal with Iran started to look like the one major foreign policy achievement Barack Obama might leave behind.
At some point in time, the political imperative started to intrude in strategic considerations on an issue of transcendent importance to world peace.
At some point in time, the framework agreement was announced two days after Barack Obama's March 31 deadline.
At some point in time, the U.S.-imposed deadline served only to pressure the United States.
At some point in time, the French ambassador publicly decried the U.S.-imposed deadline as a "bad tactic."
At some point in time, the bad tactic was a political move.
At some point in time, the bad tactic was a push to produce some sort of result to protect the talks from critics.
At some point in time, a solid agreement that ensures Iran will not produce nuclear weapons would be a welcome development.
At some point in time, the agreement so far does not look promising.
At some point in time, the final outcome of the agreement will differ greatly from what Barack Obama had vowed.
At some point in time, Barack Obama described a crystal clear goal for negotiations in a presidential debate in 2012.
At some point in time, Barack Obama said, "The deal we'll accept is they end their nuclear program. It's very straightforward."
At some point in time, nobody is talking about Iran ending its nuclear program.
At some point in time, Iran will be allowed to keep one-third of its more than 6,000 centrifuges.
At some point in time, one-third of Iran's more than 6,000 centrifuges is not a small symbolic number.
At some point in time, it does not appear that any of Iran's nuclear facilities will be dismantled.
At some point in time, Fordow will contain no nuclear materials.
At some point in time, Iran has insisted that its nuclear program has only civilian uses.
At some point in time, Iran has a well-established record of lying and concealing the elements of its nuclear program to U.N. inspectors.
At some point in time, the U.N. agency chief says that Iran's lying and concealing has not stopped.
At some point in time, U.N. nuclear chief Yukiya Amano said Iran is still stonewalling.
At some point in time, Yukiya Amano warned that the U.N. is still not in a position to conclude that all nuclear material in Iran is for a peaceful purpose.
At some point in time, the negotiations' starting point is that Iran would like to have the bomb.
At some point in time, the international community wants to delay Iran from obtaining the bomb as much as possible.
At some point in time, the international community prefers to delay Iran from obtaining the bomb forever.
At some point in time, the world learned about Iran's secret facilities at Arak and Natanz after dissidents raised the alarm.
At some point in time, Iran is very good at lying to international inspectors.
At some point in time, it is well-established that Iran has had something to hide about its nuclear program.
At some point in time, it is well-established that many of Iran's neighbors do not trust Iran.
At some point in time, many of Iran's neighbors are anxious about the U.S.-led international dealings with Iran.
It is well-established that Iran has engaged in international terrorism.
It is well-established that Iran has engaged in destabilizing the region.
At some point in time, it is clear that it took harsh international sanctions to bring Iran to the negotiating table.
At some point in time, it is clear that a collapse in oil prices brought Iran to the negotiating table.
At some point in time, Iran had the most to lose from a failure of talks.
At some point in time, political considerations turned the United States into the supplicant.
At some point in time, the framework agreement starts lifting indispensable sanctions much too soon.
At some point in time, nuclear enrichment will continue at a lower level.
At some point in time, Iran officially becomes a nuclear threshold state.
At some point in time, Iran has the capability to make the final dash to a bomb within a "breakout" period of one year.
At some point in time, the breakout period is the time when inspectors would discover violations and allow the rest of the world to act.
At some point in time, the Fordow facility will remain in existence.
At some point in time, the Fordow facility will be converted to a nuclear "research facility."
At some point in time, the Fordow facility will not contain nuclear material on site.
At some point in time, international sanctions lifting will begin almost immediately.
At some point in time, Iran's nuclear infrastructure will remain largely in place.
At some point in time, Iran's nuclear infrastructure will operate at a reduced pace.
At some point in time, Iran's nuclear infrastructure will give Iran much of what it wanted.
At some point in time, Iranian forces are gaining ground in Arab lands.
At some point in time, Iranian commanders are declaring the destruction of Israel "nonnegotiable."
At some point in time, Iranian commanders are threatening Saudi Arabia.
At some point in time, the nuclear deal does not look reassuring.
At some point in time, Barack Obama is right that a diplomatic solution is the most desirable option.
At some point in time, the deal so far looks like another win for Iran.
At some point in time, the deal introduces enough restrictions that it could give Barack Obama the political cover he wants.
At some point in time, the deal does not do enough to make the world safe from nuclear proliferation.
At some point in time, the deal does not do enough to prevent more potentially catastrophic instability in the Middle East.