At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row for murders Anthony Ray Hinton says he didn't commit.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton is incredulous that it took so long to achieve freedom.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton is 58 years old.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton looked up and took in the sunshine outside the county jail in Birmingham.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton thanked God and his lawyers Friday morning.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton took his first steps as a free man since 1985.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton spoke of unjustly losing three decades of his life under fear of execution.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton believes he did not commit the murders.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton stated that all that was needed was to test the gun.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton believes that those who think they are above the law do not have to answer to anybody.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton stated that everyone who played a part in sending him to death row will answer to God.
At some point in time, Jefferson County Circuit Court Judge Laura Petro ordered Anthony Ray Hinton to remain in custody.
At some point in time, the state granted the motion to dismiss charges against Anthony Ray Hinton.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers.
At some point in time, the names of the two Birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers are John Davidson and Thomas Wayne Vason.
At some point in time, a new trial was ordered for Anthony Ray Hinton in 2014.
At some point in time, firearms experts testified 12 years earlier that the revolver Anthony Ray Hinton was said to have used in the crimes could not be matched to evidence in either case.
At some point in time, the two killings could not be linked to each other.
At some point in time, the state declined to re-prosecute the case against Anthony Ray Hinton.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton was 29 years old at the time of the killings.
Anthony Ray Hinton has always maintained his innocence.
At some point in time, The Equal Justice Initiative is a group that helped win Anthony Ray Hinton's release.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson is the executive director of the Equal Justice Initiative.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson is Anthony Ray Hinton's lead attorney.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson stated that race, poverty, inadequate legal assistance, and prosecutorial indifference to innocence conspired to create a textbook example of injustice.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson believes that Anthony Ray Hinton's case urgently dramatizes the need for reform.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson stated that the refusal of state prosecutors to re-examine Anthony Ray Hinton's case despite persuasive and reliable evidence of innocence is disappointing and troubling.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton was dressed in a dark suit and blue shirt.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton praised God for his release.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton stated that he was sent not just a lawyer, but the best lawyers.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton will continue to pray for the families of the murder victims.
At some point in time, both Anthony Ray Hinton and the families of the murder victims have suffered a miscarriage of justice.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton stated that those who believe in justice should start showing it with his case.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton should not have sat on death row for 30 years.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton was accompanied Friday by two of his sisters.
At some point in time, one of Anthony Ray Hinton's sisters still lives in the Birmingham area.
At some point in time, other siblings of Anthony Ray Hinton will fly to the area to see him soon.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton's mother is no longer living.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton lived with his mother at the time of his arrest.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton planned to spend at least this weekend at the home of a close friend.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton will meet with his attorneys Monday.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton will start planning for his immediate needs.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton's immediate needs include obtaining identification and getting a health checkup.
At some point in time, the plan is for Anthony Ray Hinton to spend a few weeks getting oriented with freedom.
At some point in time, the plan is for Anthony Ray Hinton to sort out what he wants to do.