At some point in time, Bi Fujian is a popular Chinese television host known for impromptu satire.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian is the subject of controversy after being caught on camera cursing the late Chairman Mao Zedong.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian works for state-run China Central Television.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian was filmed at a dinner party singing a revolutionary song.
At some point in time, the revolutionary song eulogizes the Communist Party's early years.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian started going off script while singing the song.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian improvised lyrics that included disrespectful comments about Chairman Mao.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian's improvised lyrics included the phrase "Don't mention that old son of a b***h."
At some point in time, Bi Fujian's improvised lyrics stated that Chairman Mao made people suffer badly.
At some point in time, the other dinner guests burst into laughter at Bi Fujian's improvised lyrics.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian later apologized for his comments.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian stated that his personal speech has led to grave social consequences.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian expressed remorse for his comments.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian sincerely apologized to the public.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian stated that he shall learn the lesson from this incident.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian stated that he will adhere to strict self-discipline.
Making disrespectful references to China's leaders in public is considered a taboo in China.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian's comment was directed at Chairman Mao Zedong.
Chairman Mao Zedong is regarded by many as China's founding father.
Chairman Mao Zedong has a controversial reputation.
At some point in time, the 75-second video clip was filmed on the cellphone of another dinner guest.
At some point in time, the video clip was never uploaded to video-sharing sites inside China.
At some point in time, the video clip was still accessible on Weibo.
At some point in time, it is unclear when the incident occurred.
At some point in time, it is unclear what the relationship was between the camera person and Bi Fujian.
At some point in time, CCTV stated that it would investigate the incident.
At some point in time, CCTV stated that Bi Fujian's speech in the online video has led to grave social consequences.
At some point in time, CCTV did not respond to a CNN request for comment.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian is fondly known as "Grandpa Bi."
At some point in time, Bi Fujian is 56 years old.
At some point in time, Bi Fujian was born and grew up in the Mao era.
At some point in time, the song Bi Fujian riffed on was part of a "red" Peking opera.
At some point in time, the "red" Peking opera was first performed in the late 1950s.
At some point in time, the "red" Peking opera was popularized during the Cultural Revolution.
At some point in time, the Cultural Revolution was launched by Mao Zedong.
The Cultural Revolution occurred during the 1960s and 1970s.
At some point in time, China was torn apart by violence and social unrest during the Cultural Revolution.
At some point in time, the video quickly divided China's online community.
At some point in time, critics said Bi Fujian deserved a harsh punishment.
At some point in time, critics stated that Bi Fujian is an influential public figure.
At some point in time, others rushed to Bi Fujian's defense.
At some point in time, others argued that Bi Fujian was simply enjoying himself in a private setting.
At some point in time, others argued that Bi Fujian was set up by whoever uploaded the clip.
At some point in time, the video emerged just a day before the new head of CCTV started his job.
At some point in time, some wondered if the incident was a case of "a new broom sweeps clean."
Mao Zedong still divides opinion in China.
Mao Zedong's giant portrait hangs on Beijing's Tiananmen Gate.
At some point in time, thousands of people flock to see Mao Zedong's embalmed body at his mausoleum.
At some point in time, Mao Zedong's mausoleum is located in Tiananmen Square.
At some point in time, Tiananmen Square is in the heart of the Chinese capital.
Mao Zedong has a deeply flawed legacy.
Many people remember Mao Zedong as a brutal dictator.
Mao Zedong inspired fear, paranoia, and famine.
Mao Zedong's actions resulted in tens of millions of deaths.
At some point in time, Shen Lu contributed to this report for CNN.