At some point in time, Cathy Olson has lived in Rochelle, Illinois for 40 years.
Cathy Olson has never seen a tornado that big.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson saw the top of the funnel cloud.
At some point in time, the funnel cloud was absolutely massive.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson watched a hulking gray twister grind past her town on Thursday.
At some point in time, the twister tore up the fringes of Rochelle.
At some point in time, one person died in Fairdale, Illinois due to a twister.
At some point in time, the twister shredded homes in Fairdale.
At some point in time, the twister ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs in Fairdale.
At some point in time, only the thickest branches remained standing in Fairdale.
At some point in time, the death in Fairdale was the only death reported in two days of tornado touchdowns.
At some point in time, Rochelle was fortunate during the tornado events.
At some point in time, debris was thick on the roads in Kirkland.
At some point in time, responders searching for trapped residents could not assess the damage or injuries in Kirkland.
At some point in time, a video of a massive twister surfaced on YouTube on Thursday.
At some point in time, the massive twister was barreling across an open field.
At some point in time, the massive twister barely missed farmhouses and barns.
At some point in time, images of the funnel turned up on social media.
At some point in time, multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural Midwest on Thursday.
At some point in time, a large and dangerous twister tore across fields in Iowa.
At some point in time, a twister touched down 70 miles outside of St. Louis.
At some point in time, eight tornadoes were reported on Wednesday in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Missouri.
At some point in time, the Storm Prediction Center reported eight tornadoes.
At some point in time, residents have come away from the weather spectacle alive.
At some point in time, hail stones the size of tennis balls plummeted down on Ashton, Illinois.
At some point in time, severe tornado damage dotted a path near the dense populations of Chicago and Rockford.
At some point in time, the tornado cut a 22-mile path through Ogle County.
At some point in time, Tom Richter is the disaster management coordinator.
At some point in time, a tornado took away Grubsteakers, a local favorite restaurant.
At some point in time, Eric Widick drove up in his truck to help out at Grubsteakers.
Grubsteakers is a little greasy spoon restaurant.
At some point in time, the community will help if one person is in need.
At some point in time, people were inside Grubsteakers when the storm quashed it.
At some point in time, the storm turned over a semitruck parked outside Grubsteakers.
At some point in time, no one was killed or seriously injured at Grubsteakers.
At some point in time, a patron was trapped inside a restroom for about half an hour during the storm.
At some point in time, people had been eating at Grubsteakers for some 25 years.
At some point in time, people will miss Grubsteakers.
At some point in time, the tornado flattened some of Cathy Olson's friends' homes in Rochelle.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson was at her mother's house during the tornado.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson had to think about her husband, Chet.
At some point in time, Chet was reelected mayor of Rochelle the day before the tornado.
At some point in time, Chet has a job ahead of him.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson has not been able to get a hold of Chet.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson knows Chet is in touch with the sheriff and is safe.
At some point in time, Sheriff Brian VanVickle told journalists that the tornado spared life and limb in Ogle County.
At some point in time, some people in Ogle County had easily treatable injuries.
At some point in time, Ogle County lost 20 homes due to the tornado.
At some point in time, one of the lost homes belonged to Sheriff Brian VanVickle.
At some point in time, fifty to 100 houses had significant damage in Ogle County.
At some point in time, only foundations remained of some homes in Ogle County.
At some point in time, Dan Gottschalk is a storm chaser.
At some point in time, Dan Gottschalk said people could hear hissing from where the structures used to be.
At some point in time, Lindsey Clark is a reporter from CNN affiliate WREX.
At some point in time, rescuers were pulling trapped people from a home in the Rochelle area.
At some point in time, VanVickle was newly elected sheriff of Rochelle on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the storm took VanVickle's house and his sister-in-law's house.
At some point in time, VanVickle had the clothes on his back after the storm.
At some point in time, VanVickle's family was not at home when the storm hit.
At some point in time, VanVickle's family was on the way to Louisville during the storm.
At some point in time, VanVickle's dog was in the basement during the storm.
At some point in time, VanVickle's dog survived the storm.
At some point in time, the tornado was the first tornado Sheriff Brian VanVickle had ever seen in his county.
At some point in time, Sheriff Brian VanVickle has lived in the county all his life.
At some point in time, Sheriff Brian VanVickle is the fifth generation in the county.
At some point in time, Sheriff Brian VanVickle's mom said this is the first time she has ever seen a tornado.
At some point in time, Sheriff Brian VanVickle is thankful that the National Weather Service warned of a possible tornado.
At some point in time, the warning from the National Weather Service saved lives, according to Sheriff Brian VanVickle.
At some point in time, the National Weather Service warned of a "particularly dangerous situation." People across the Midwest should be on alert for severe weather.
At some point in time, tornado watches were set to run out early Friday.