At some point in time, the Large Hadron Collider (LHC) is the world's biggest and most powerful physics experiment.
At some point in time, the LHC is a particle accelerator.
At some point in time, the LHC is the largest machine in the world.
At some point in time, the LHC is ready for action following a two-year shutdown.
At some point in time, problems delayed the restart of the LHC in March.
At some point in time, scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN) completed final tests for the LHC.
At some point in time, the first beams started circulating inside the LHC's 17 mile (27 km) ring on Sunday.
At some point in time, CERN's purpose is to operate accelerators for the benefit of the physics community.
At some point in time, CERN's heart beats to the rhythm of the LHC.
At some point in time, the LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second.
At some point in time, a beam in the LHC circulates for 10 hours.
At some point in time, a beam in the LHC travels more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
At some point in time, the distance from Earth to Neptune and back again is more than 6 billion miles (more than 10 billion kilometers).
At some point in time, a proton in the LHC makes 11,245 circuits per second at near light-speed.
At some point in time, thousands of scientists, engineers, and technicians took decades to devise and build the LHC.
At some point in time, the LHC is housed in a tunnel between Lake Geneva and the Jura mountain range.
At some point in time, the machine alone costs only one million euros (about $1.1 million).
At some point in time, the purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "Big Bang." The scientific theory explains the creation of the universe.
At some point in time, scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved by replicating the energy density and temperature.
At some point in time, our current knowledge is based on The Standard Model of particle physics.
The Standard Model of particle physics is not complete.
At some point in time, Dr. Mike Lamont is the operations group leader at the LHC.
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include the origin of mass.
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include why some particles are very heavy.
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include why some particles have no mass at all.
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity.
At some point in time, the burning questions that remain include uncovering dark matter and dark energy.
At some point in time, visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe.
At some point in time, the LHC could question the idea that the universe is only made of matter.
At some point in time, the theory states that antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the Big Bang.
At some point in time, the energies achievable by the LHC have only ever been found in nature.
At some point in time, the machine alone costs approximately three billion euros (about $3.3 billion).
At some point in time, the costs of the LHC are paid for by member countries of CERN and contributions by non-member nations.
At some point in time, CERN's guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by Swiss laws.
At some point in time, CERN's guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by French laws.
At some point in time, CERN's guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with a European Council Directive.
At some point in time, scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting as the LHC ventures into the great unknown.
At some point in time, the LHC is in great shape after two years of effort.
At some point in time, the most important step is to increase the energy of the beams to new record levels.
At some point in time, Frédérick Bordry is the CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology.
At some point in time, Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report.