At some point in time, Mindy Kaling is known from Fox's comedy "The Mindy Project."
At some point in time, Mindy Kaling plays the character Mindy Lahiri in "The Mindy Project."
At some point in time, Mindy Lahiri is an OB/GYN.
At some point in time, Mindy Lahiri juggles her career and love life in New York.
A doctor cannot afford an apartment in New York.
At some point in time, "The Mindy Project" was the first network sitcom created by a woman of color.
At some point in time, "The Mindy Project" is likely to be renewed for the 2015-16 season.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam is Mindy Kaling's brother.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a project of his own.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam's project has been getting a lot of attention.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam's project has generated a lot of laughs.
At some point in time, Mindy Kaling told Vijay Chokalingam that his project brought shame upon their family.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam engaged in a scam while an undergraduate at the University of Chicago.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam had a GPA of 3.1.
At some point in time, fellow Indian-Americans with a GPA of 3.1 were getting turned down from medical schools.
At some point in time, Black, Hispanic, and Native American applicants with a GPA of 3.1 were more likely to gain acceptance to medical schools.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam decided to pose as a black man to improve his chances of admission to medical school.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam aimed to illustrate the unfair advantage that underrepresented minorities receive in medical school admissions.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam shaved his head to pose as a black man.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam trimmed his eyelashes to pose as a black man.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam checked "black" under the optional race/ethnicity declaration on his medical school application.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam submitted his application to 14 medical schools.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 medical schools.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam claims that his interview invitations support the notion that African-Americans receive special privileges in medical school admissions.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam's act of fraud has a statute of limitations that has expired.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam is looking to write a book titled "Almost Black: The True Story of an Indian American Who Got Into Medical School Pretending to Be an African American."
At some point in time, Chokalingam believes that affirmative action is a form of systematic racism.
At some point in time, Chokalingam received only one admission offer to St. Louis University's School of Medicine.
At some point in time, St. Louis University's School of Medicine ranks between 57th and 67th in national rankings.
At some point in time, Harvard, University of Pennsylvania, and Columbia rejected Vijay Chokalingam's applications.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam experienced disadvantages while pretending to be black.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam was accused of shoplifting by store clerks.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam was harassed by police officers while driving.
At some point in time, police officers regularly stopped Vijay Chokalingam while driving.
At some point in time, police officers demanded that Vijay Chokalingam tell them how much his car cost.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam believes in the unfairness of a system that seeks to address the low numbers of minority health practitioners.
One-third of Americans are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
One in 10 physicians in the United States are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
At some point in time, minority medical practitioners are up to three times as likely to practice in their own communities.
At some point in time, the lack of diversity among medical practitioners has produced doctor deserts.
At some point in time, doctor deserts are areas without access to primary care physicians.
At some point in time, a medical degree is a responsibility to be accepted.
A medical degree is not a reward to be earned.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam wanted to claim the benefits of racial affiliation without carrying the burdens of black people.
At some point in time, race is about collective experiences and inherited cultural context.
At some point in time, affirmative action programs are a means of redress for historical injustices.
At some point in time, affirmative action programs are imperfect but necessary.
At some point in time, some fields may never correct their imbalances on their own.
At some point in time, Asians are well represented in medicine.
At some point in time, Asians are underrepresented in the entertainment and media world.
At some point in time, Mindy Kaling is a modern pioneer in the entertainment and media world.
At some point in time, Mindy Kaling's talent and charisma made her a star.
At some point in time, NBC's Diversity Writers Program was a quota-based affirmative action initiative that helped Mindy Kaling.