At some point in time, the fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw massive battles.
At some point in time, the fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw major deaths.
At some point in time, Tywin is a character who died in the fourth season of "Game of Thrones".
At some point in time, the fourth season of "Game of Thrones" saw White Walkers.
At some point in time, fans can expect a fifth season of "Game of Thrones".
At some point in time, the fifth season of "Game of Thrones" is one of the most popular shows in HBO history.
At some point in time, the fifth season of "Game of Thrones" is the most high-profile premiere yet.
At some point in time, the fifth season of "Game of Thrones" is airing simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time.
At some point in time, HBO is an independent company.
At some point in time, HBO is airing the most high-profile premiere of "Game of Thrones" simultaneously in 170 countries for the first time.
At some point in time, Doug Gross is a writer for Nerdwallet.
At some point in time, Doug Gross is a former CNN employee.
At some point in time, Doug Gross has read the "Game of Thrones" books.
At some point in time, Doug Gross believes that major story arcs are going to start coming together in the fifth season of "Game of Thrones".
At some point in time, the executive producers confirmed Doug Gross's belief about major story arcs coming together.
At some point in time, Stannis has shown up at the Wall to save Jon Snow.
At some point in time, Stannis has shown up at the Wall to save the rest of the Night's Watch from the wildlings.
At some point in time, Stannis's quest for the Iron Throne collides with the Night's Watch's supposedly non-political role protecting the realm.
At some point in time, Tyrion's path should cross with Daenerys' this season.
At some point in time, the trailers indicate that Tyrion's path should cross with Daenerys' this season.
At some point in time, some major story arcs will clearly be moving ahead of where George Martin is in the "Song of Ice and Fire" books this season.
At some point in time, David Benioff is an executive producer of "Game of Thrones".
At some point in time, David Benioff told Rolling Stone that they are starting to build to a crescendo.
At some point in time, David Benioff stated that the battles have to get bigger.
At some point in time, David Benioff stated that things have to get more dramatic.
At some point in time, the fifth season of "Game of Thrones" means that the show is past the halfway point.
At some point in time, the show is currently set to end after seven years.
At some point in time, the Stark daughters are Arya and Sansa.
At some point in time, Arya will be a character to watch this season.
At some point in time, Sansa will be a character to watch this season.
At some point in time, Cersei will be a character to watch this season.
At some point in time, the world of Westeros is constantly plagued by war.
At some point in time, wars are waged by the nobles.
At some point in time, the common folk suffer from wars.
At some point in time, Doug Gross noted that this season will give a glimpse of what happens when common people have had enough.
Common people have had enough at some point.