At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar is "still the leader" of the Taliban's self-declared Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan.
At some point in time, the Taliban published a biography of Mullah Mohammed Omar.
At some point in time, the biography is credited with founding the Taliban in the early 1990s.
At some point in time, the Taliban's "Cultural Commission" released an 11-page document.
At some point in time, the document was released in several different translations on the Taliban's website.
At some point in time, the document commemorates the 19th anniversary of an April 4, 1996, meeting in Afghanistan's Kandahar province.
At some point in time, an assembly of Afghans swore allegiance to Mullah Mohammed Omar during the meeting.
At some point in time, several Afghan observers say the biography aims to dispel rumors of Mullah Mohammed Omar's demise.
At some point in time, Sayyed Muhammad Akbar Agha is a former Taliban insider.
At some point in time, Sayyed Muhammad Akbar Agha has written an autobiography about his days with the Taliban.
At some point in time, Sayyed Muhammad Akbar Agha believes the Taliban thought it was an important time to release Mullah Mohammed Omar's biography.
At some point in time, the biography aims to give assurances that Mullah Mohammed Omar is alive and present.
At some point in time, the biography attempts to remind the world of Mullah Mohammed Omar's jihadi leadership credentials.
At some point in time, ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has declared himself "caliph" of the world's Muslims.
At some point in time, Graeme Smith is a Kabul-based analyst for the International Crisis Group.
At some point in time, Graeme Smith states that the Taliban has a huge leadership problem at a critical political moment.
At some point in time, another caliph has announced himself to the world.
At some point in time, the Taliban has been silent about the announcement of another caliph.
At some point in time, the silence of the Taliban is getting noticed by militants across South Asia.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar was famously camera-shy during the Taliban's six-year rule over most of Afghanistan.
At some point in time, there are only a handful of photographs of Mullah Mohammed Omar.
Mullah Mohammed Omar never was actively involved in any propaganda campaigns.
Mullah Mohammed Omar never used the Internet.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar all but disappeared after a U.S.-led bombing campaign routed the Taliban from Kabul in 2001.
At some point in time, Washington has offered a $10 million reward for Mullah Mohammed Omar's capture.
At some point in time, the Taliban have released written statements purportedly made by Mullah Mohammed Omar.
At some point in time, years without any video or audio recordings of Mullah Mohammed Omar have led to growing speculation that Mullah Mohammed Omar may have died.
At some point in time, the biography challenges rumors of Mullah Mohammed Omar's death.
At some point in time, the biography offers a description of Mullah Mohammed Omar's daily work schedule.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar's daily work schedule begins with prayers.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar's daily work schedule includes the study of the Quran.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar's daily work schedule includes delivering "orders in a specific way to his Jihadi commanders."
At some point in time, the publication seeks to fill in some gaps about Mullah Mohammed Omar's early years.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar's preferred weapon of choice was the RPG-7.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar was born in 1960 in a village called Chah-i-Himmat in Afghanistan's Kandahar province.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar's father was a "well-known and respected erudite and social figure."
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar's father died only five years later.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar's father died apparently of natural causes.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar studied at a religious school run by his uncle.
At some point in time, the rise of the Communist Party in Afghanistan interrupted Mullah Mohammed Omar's studies.
At some point in time, the subsequent 1979 Soviet invasion propelled Mullah Mohammed Omar into the arms of the armed Afghan opposition known as the mujahedeen.
At some point in time, for the next decade, Mullah Mohammed Omar commanded rebel groups against the invading Russians and their internal communist puppets.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar was wounded a number of times.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar was blinded in his right eye.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar and a fighter named Mullah Biradar Akhund destroyed four Soviet tanks in one battle.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar and Mullah Biradar Akhund were armed with only four RPG rounds during the battle.
At some point in time, the Taliban biography makes no mention of the fact that the U.S. helped arm and bankroll the mujahedeen until the Soviet army withdrew in defeat in 1989.
At some point in time, Afghan historians have documented the rapid rise of the Taliban after the communist government in Kabul collapsed in 1992.
At some point in time, the Taliban emerged to bring order to a country being ripped apart by rival mujahedeen warlords.
At some point in time, the Taliban biography states that Mullah Mohammed Omar and his compatriots launched their struggle against corruption and anarchy after an initial meeting in Kandahar in June 1994.
At some point in time, two years later, the Taliban captured Kabul.
At some point in time, the Taliban began imposing its austere interpretation of Islamic law on the rest of Afghanistan after capturing Kabul.
At some point in time, the document denounces the Taliban's post-9/11 overthrow at the hands of a U.S.-backed coalition of rival Afghan fighters.
At some point in time, the document makes no mention of the Taliban's alliance with Osama bin Laden and al Qaeda.
At some point in time, Osama bin Laden continued to release periodic video and audio statements during a decade in exile.
At some point in time, Osama bin Laden was killed by a U.S. raid on his hideout in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad in 2011.
At some point in time, Taliban militants have continued to battle the U.S.-backed government across Afghanistan.
Mullah Mohammed Omar has not been seen or heard from in years.
At some point in time, the Taliban claims Mullah Mohammed Omar continues to oversee a Taliban leadership council.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar oversees a Taliban judiciary.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar oversees nine executive commissions.
At some point in time, Mullah Mohammed Omar oversees military commanders who operate in all 34 provinces of Afghanistan.