At some point in time, the United States and its negotiating partners reached a framework agreement with Iran in Lausanne, Switzerland, on Thursday.
At some point in time, the framework agreement limits Iran's nuclear program.
At some point in time, the framework agreement effectively blocks Iran from building a nuclear weapon.
At some point in time, House Speaker John Boehner invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to preemptively criticize the agreement before Congress.
At some point in time, forty-seven senators sent a letter to the Iranian leadership warning them against a deal.
At some point in time, the debate since the announcement of the new framework will likely result in more heat than light.
At some point in time, the negotiations' objective at the outset was not the total elimination of any nuclear program in Iran.
At some point in time, the position of Benjamin Netanyahu and his acolytes in the U.S. Congress is that the objective was the total elimination of any nuclear program in Iran.
At some point in time, if the objective had been total elimination, there would have been no Iranian team at the negotiating table.
At some point in time, the objective has always been to structure an agreement so that Iran could not covertly develop a nuclear arsenal before the United States and its allies could respond.
At some point in time, the new framework has exceeded expectations in achieving the goal of preventing Iran from covertly developing a nuclear arsenal.
At some point in time, the framework agreement would reduce Iran's low-enriched uranium stockpile.
At some point in time, the framework agreement would cut by two-thirds the number of installed centrifuges in Iran.
At some point in time, the framework agreement would implement a rigorous inspection regime.
At some point in time, opponents of the agreement assume that the Iranian nuclear program is a covert weapons program.
At some point in time, Iran denies having a covert weapons program.
At some point in time, U.S. intelligence contends that Iran has not yet made the decision to build a nuclear weapon.
At some point in time, Iran's lack of cooperation with International Atomic Energy Agency inspections is evidence that it does not have a covert weapons program.
At some point in time, the inspections provisions in the agreement are designed to protect against any covert action by Iran.
At some point in time, the negotiations have not been between only the United States and Iran.
At some point in time, the talks were between Iran and the five permanent members of the U.N. Security Council plus Germany, dubbed the P5+1.
At some point in time, the United States played a leading role in the negotiations alongside its partners.
At some point in time, if Congress rejects the agreement reached by the P5+1, it could result in an unraveling of the sanctions on Iran.
At some point in time, if Congress rejects the agreement, it could threaten NATO cohesion in other areas.
The agreement does not contain a sunset clause.
At some point in time, some restrictions on Iran's nuclear activities will be eased or eliminated over time, as long as 15 years.
At some point in time, the framework agreement includes Iran's ratification of the Additional Protocol.
At some point in time, the Additional Protocol allows IAEA inspectors expanded access to nuclear sites both declared and nondeclared.
At some point in time, the provision for expanded access to nuclear sites will be permanent.
At some point in time, the provision for expanded access to nuclear sites does not sunset.
At some point in time, if Iran decides to enrich uranium to weapons-grade levels, monitors will be able to detect such a move in a matter of days.
At some point in time, monitors will alert the U.N. Security Council if Iran enriches uranium to weapons-grade levels.
At some point in time, many members of Congress have said that the agreement should be a formal treaty.
At some point in time, the issue of the agreement is not suited for a treaty.
Treaties impose equivalent obligations on all signatories.
At some point in time, the New START treaty limits Russia and the United States to 1,550 deployed strategic warheads.
At some point in time, any agreement with Iran will not impose equivalent obligations on all signatories.
At some point in time, the restrictions and obligations in the final framework agreement will be imposed almost exclusively on Iran.
At some point in time, the P5+1 are obligated only to ease and eventually remove most but not all economic sanctions.
At some point in time, economic sanctions were imposed as leverage to gain the final deal.
At some point in time, some insist that any agreement must address Iranian missile programs.
At some point in time, some insist that any agreement must address human rights violations by Iran.
At some point in time, some insist that any agreement must address Iran's support for Hamas or Hezbollah.
At some point in time, the issues of Iranian missile programs, human rights violations, and support for Hamas or Hezbollah are unrelated to the most important aim of a nuclear deal.
At some point in time, the most important aim of a nuclear deal is preventing a nuclear Iran.
At some point in time, including unrelated issues in the negotiations would be a poison pill.
At some point in time, the agreement should be judged on its merits.
At some point in time, the agreement should be judged on how it affects the security of the negotiating partners and allies, including Israel.
At some point in time, judgments about the agreement should be fact-based.
At some point in time, judgments about the agreement should not be based on questionable assertions or dubious assumptions.