At some point in time, Liana Barrientos was 23 years old when she got married in Westchester County, New York.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos got married a year later in Westchester County to a different man.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos did not divorce her first husband before marrying the second man.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos got married again 18 days after her second marriage.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos declared "I do" five more times after her second marriage.
At some point in time, some of Liana Barrientos's marriages occurred only within two weeks of each other.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos married once more in 2010 in the Bronx.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos has been married 5 times.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos stated in an application for a marriage license that it was her "first and only" marriage.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos is now 39 years old.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos is facing two criminal counts of "offering a false instrument for filing in the first degree."
At some point in time, the criminal counts refer to Liana Barrientos's false statements on the 2010 marriage license application.
At some point in time, prosecutors said the marriages were part of an immigration scam.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos pleaded not guilty at State Supreme Court in the Bronx.
At some point in time, Christopher Wright is Liana Barrientos's attorney.
At some point in time, Christopher Wright declined to comment further.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos was arrested after leaving court.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos was charged with theft of service.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos was charged with criminal trespass.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos allegedly sneaked into the New York subway through an emergency exit.
At some point in time, Detective Annette Markowski is a police spokeswoman.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos has been married 10 times in total.
At some point in time, nine of Liana Barrientos's marriages occurred between 1999 and 2002.
At some point in time, all of Liana Barrientos's marriages occurred in Westchester County, Long Island, New Jersey, or the Bronx.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos is believed to still be married to four men.
At some point in time, at one time, Liana Barrientos was married to eight men at once.
At some point in time, prosecutors say the immigration scam involved some of Liana Barrientos's husbands.
At some point in time, some of Liana Barrientos's husbands filed for permanent residence status shortly after the marriages.
At some point in time, any divorces for Liana Barrientos happened only after such filings were approved.
At some point in time, it was unclear whether any of Liana Barrientos's husbands will be prosecuted.
At some point in time, the Bronx District Attorney's Office was referred the case by Immigration and Customs Enforcement.
At some point in time, the Bronx District Attorney's Office was referred the case by the Department of Homeland Security's Investigation Division.
At some point in time, seven of Liana Barrientos's husbands are from so-called "red-flagged" countries.
At some point in time, the "red-flagged" countries include Egypt, Turkey, Georgia, Pakistan, and Mali.
At some point in time, Rashid Rajput is Liana Barrientos's eighth husband.
At some point in time, Rashid Rajput was deported in 2006 to his native Pakistan.
At some point in time, Rashid Rajput was deported after an investigation by the Joint Terrorism Task Force.
At some point in time, if convicted, Liana Barrientos faces up to four years in prison.
At some point in time, Liana Barrientos's next court appearance is scheduled for May 18.