At some point in time, the French prosecutor Brice Robin is leading an investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Brice Robin was not aware of any video footage from on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Brice Robin stated that so far videos were used in the crash investigation.
At some point in time, Brice Robin added that a person who has such a video needs to immediately give it to the investigators.
At some point in time, two magazines, German daily Bild and French Paris Match, claimed there is a cell phone video showing the final seconds from on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, the video shows Germanwings Flight 9525 crashing into the French Alps.
At some point in time, all 150 individuals on board Germanwings Flight 9525 were killed.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild described the supposed video but did not post it on their websites.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild stated that they watched the video, which was found by a source close to the investigation.
At some point in time, Paris Match reported that one can hear cries of "My God" in several languages in the video.
At some point in time, Paris Match reported that metallic banging can also be heard more than three times in the video.
At some point in time, Paris Match reported that the metallic banging may be of the pilot trying to open the cockpit door with a heavy object.
At some point in time, Paris Match reported that towards the end of the video, after a heavy shake, stronger than the others, the screaming intensifies.
At some point in time, Paris Match reported that then nothing is heard after the screaming intensifies.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt, editor-in-chief of Bild online, stated that it is a very disturbing scene.
At some point in time, an official with France's accident investigation agency, the BEA, stated that the agency is not aware of any such video.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini, a French Gendarmerie spokesman, stated that the reports about the video were completely wrong and unwarranted.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini stated that cell phones have been collected at the crash site.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini stated that the collected cell phones had not been exploited yet.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini believed that the collected cell phones would need to be sent to the Criminal Research Institute in Rosny sous-Bois, near Paris, for analysis.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini stated that none of the cell phones found so far have been sent to the institute.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini answered "no" when asked whether staff involved in the search could have leaked a memory card to the media.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt stated that he had watched the video and stood by the report.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt stated that Bild and Paris Match are very confident that the clip is real.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt noted that investigators only revealed that they had recovered cell phones from the crash site after Bild and Paris Match published their reports.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt stated that many things of the investigation weren't revealed by the investigation at the beginning.
At some point in time, German airline Lufthansa confirmed that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz battled depression years before he took the controls of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Lufthansa stated that Andreas Lubitz told his flight training school in 2009 that he had a previous episode of severe depression.
At some point in time, Lufthansa discovered email correspondence between Andreas Lubitz and the flight training school during an internal investigation.
At some point in time, the email correspondence included medical documents submitted by Andreas Lubitz in connection with resuming his flight training.
At some point in time, Lufthansa knew of Andreas Lubitz's battle with depression.
At some point in time, Lufthansa allowed Andreas Lubitz to continue training.
At some point in time, Lufthansa ultimately put Andreas Lubitz in the cockpit.
At some point in time, Lufthansa's CEO Carsten Spohr previously stated that Andreas Lubitz was 100% fit to fly.
At some point in time, Lufthansa described its statement as a swift and seamless clarification.
At some point in time, Lufthansa stated that it was sharing information and documents, including training and medical records, with public prosecutors.
At some point in time, Carsten Spohr traveled to the crash site on Wednesday.
At some point in time, recovery teams have been working for the past week to recover human remains and plane debris scattered across a steep mountainside.
At some point in time, Carsten Spohr saw the crisis center set up in Seyne-les-Alpes.
At some point in time, Carsten Spohr laid a wreath in the village of Le Vernet.
At some point in time, grieving families have left flowers at a simple stone memorial in Le Vernet.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini stated that no visible human remains were left at the crash site.
At some point in time, recovery teams would keep searching for human remains at the crash site.
At some point in time, French President Francois Hollande stated that it should be possible to identify all the victims using DNA analysis by the end of the week.
At some point in time, the identification of all victims using DNA analysis is sooner than authorities had previously suggested.
At some point in time, the recovery of the victims' personal belongings will start on Wednesday.
At some point in time, among the personal belongings could be more cell phones belonging to the 144 passengers and six crew on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, the details about Andreas Lubitz's correspondence with the flight school during his training were among several developments as investigators continued to delve into what caused the crash.
At some point in time, investigators are looking into what caused the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, investigators are looking into Andreas Lubitz's possible motive for downing Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, a Lufthansa spokesperson stated that Andreas Lubitz had a valid medical certificate.
At some point in time, a Lufthansa spokesperson stated that Andreas Lubitz had passed all his examinations.
At some point in time, a Lufthansa spokesperson stated that Andreas Lubitz held all the licenses required.
At some point in time, Christoph Kumpa, a spokesman for the prosecutor's office in Dusseldorf, stated that medical records reveal Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career.
At some point in time, Christoph Kumpa stated that Andreas Lubitz underwent psychotherapy before he got his pilot's license.
At some point in time, Christoph Kumpa emphasized that there is no evidence suggesting Andreas Lubitz was suicidal or acting aggressively before the crash.
At some point in time, investigators are looking into whether Andreas Lubitz feared his medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot's license.
At some point in time, a European government official briefed on the investigation stated that flying was a big part of Andreas Lubitz's life.
At some point in time, the statement about flying being a big part of Andreas Lubitz's life is only one theory being considered.
At some point in time, a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation stated that authorities believe the primary motive for Andreas Lubitz to bring down the plane was that he feared he would not be allowed to fly because of his medical problems.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz's girlfriend told investigators that Andreas Lubitz had seen an eye doctor and a neuropsychologist.
At some point in time, the eye doctor and neuropsychologist deemed Andreas Lubitz unfit to work recently.
At some point in time, the eye doctor and neuropsychologist concluded that Andreas Lubitz had psychological issues.
At some point in time, Brian Russell, a forensic psychologist, stated that psychology can explain why someone would turn rage inward on themselves about not being able to keep their job.
At some point in time, Brian Russell stated that there is no mental illness that explains why someone feels entitled to take that rage and turn it outward on 149 other people.