At some point in time, Trey Moses is a blue chip college basketball recruit.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith is a high school freshman with Down syndrome.
At some point in time, Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith couldn't be more different at first glance.
At some point in time, Trey Moses asked Ellie Meredith to be his prom date on Thursday.
At some point in time, Trey Moses is a star on Eastern High School's basketball team in Louisville, Kentucky.
At some point in time, Trey Moses is headed to play college basketball next year at Ball State.
At some point in time, Trey Moses was originally going to take his girlfriend to Eastern's prom.
At some point in time, Trey Moses is taking Ellie Meredith to prom instead of his girlfriend.
At some point in time, Trey Moses said Ellie Meredith is great.
At some point in time, Trey Moses said Ellie Meredith listens.
At some point in time, Trey Moses said Ellie Meredith is easy to talk to.
At some point in time, Trey Moses made the prom-posal in the gym during Ellie Meredith's P.E. class.
At some point in time, Trey Moses did not ask for permission from Ellie Meredith's parents before the prom-posal.
At some point in time, Trina Helson is a teacher at Eastern High School.
At some point in time, Trina Helson alerted the school's newspaper staff to the prom-posal.
At some point in time, Trina Helson posted photos of Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith on Twitter.
At some point in time, the photos of Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith on Twitter have gone viral.
At some point in time, Trina Helson was not surprised by Trey Moses's actions.
At some point in time, Trina Helson said that is the kind of person Trey Moses is.
At some point in time, Trey Moses entered the gym armed with flowers and a poster.
At some point in time, the poster that Trey Moses brought read "Let's Party Like it's 1989."
At some point in time, the phrase "Let's Party Like it's 1989" is a reference to the latest album by Taylor Swift.
At some point in time, Taylor Swift is Ellie Meredith's favorite singer.
At some point in time, Trey Moses got the OK from Ellie Meredith's parents the night before the prom-posal via text.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith's parents were thrilled about the prom-posal.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith is Ellie Meredith's mom.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said raising a special needs child makes one feel numb to those moments.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said one first feels the need to protect and then to overprotect.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said Ellie Meredith has struggled with friendships since elementary school.
At some point in time, a special program at Eastern called Best Buddies has made things easier for Ellie Meredith.
At some point in time, Best Buddies cultivates friendships between students with and without developmental disabilities.
At some point in time, Best Buddies prevents students like Ellie Meredith from feeling isolated.
At some point in time, Best Buddies prevents students like Ellie Meredith from being left out of social functions.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said kids started to care about what others thought around middle school.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said this school year has been a relief.
At some point in time, James Whitford is Trey's future coach at Ball State.
At some point in time, James Whitford felt great about the prom-posal.
At some point in time, James Whitford noted that he has known Trey Moses for a long time.
At some point in time, James Whitford said Trey Moses often works with other kids.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses is Trey Moses's mother.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses was proud of her son.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses said it is exciting to bring awareness to a good cause.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses said Trey Moses has worked pretty hard.
At some point in time, Shelly Moses said Trey Moses is a good son.
At some point in time, Trey Moses and Ellie Meredith have a lot of planning to do.
At some point in time, Trey Moses is looking to take up special education as a college major.
At some point in time, Trey Moses is looking to play basketball in the fall.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith can't stop thinking about prom.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith can't wait to go dress shopping.
At some point in time, Darla Meredith said Ellie Meredith can't wait to go dress shopping.
At some point in time, Ellie Meredith interjected that she has only told about a million people about prom.