At some point in time, the nation's top stories will unfold Tuesday in courthouses and political arenas across the country.
At some point in time, Massachusetts is hosting two of the highest-profile court trials in recent memory.
At some point in time, the two trials are those of former New England Patriot Aaron Hernandez and Boston bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
At some point in time, both trials are lengthy.
At some point in time, both trials are coming to a close.
At some point in time, Sen. Rand Paul made the announcement that he will run for president.
At some point in time, the announcement by Sen. Rand Paul was not surprising.
At some point in time, voters will head to the polls in a runoff between Mayor Rahm Emanuel and challenger Jesus "Chuy" Garcia.
At some point in time, the runoff between Mayor Rahm Emanuel and Jesus "Chuy" Garcia is surprising.
At some point in time, the shadow of Michael Brown will loom large over Ferguson, Missouri's elections.
At some point in time, Michael Brown was shot by Officer Darren Wilson.
At some point in time, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is accused of detonating a bomb at the 2013 Boston Marathon.
At some point in time, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev's brother is now deceased.
At some point in time, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces life in prison or the death penalty if he is found guilty.
At some point in time, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev faces 17 capital counts against him.
At some point in time, one of the capital counts against Dzhokhar Tsarnaev includes setting off weapons of mass destruction at a public event as an act of terrorism.
At some point in time, survivors and victims' families wept on Monday.
At some point in time, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev fidgeted at a defense table on Monday.
At some point in time, jurors heard a prosecutor allege that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev "brought terrorism into the backyards and main streets."
At some point in time, the jury began deliberations on Tuesday morning.
At some point in time, the jury is expected to have a lengthy deliberation process on 30 total charges.
At some point in time, there will be a penalty phase if Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is found guilty on any counts.
At some point in time, prosecutors took months to present 131 witnesses to support their claim that Aaron Hernandez killed semi-pro player Odin Lloyd.
At some point in time, Aaron Hernandez's defense team wrapped up its witnesses in less than a day on Monday.
At some point in time, closing arguments are scheduled for Tuesday.
At some point in time, the jury will begin deliberations soon after closing arguments.
At some point in time, jurors in Fall River, Massachusetts, will decide if Aaron Hernandez is culpable in the shooting death of Odin Lloyd.
At some point in time, Odin Lloyd's body was found in a Massachusetts industrial park in the summer of 2013.
At some point in time, much of the evidence against Aaron Hernandez is circumstantial.
At some point in time, the jury will consider Robert Kraft's testimony.
At some point in time, the jury will consider the testimony of Aaron Hernandez's fiancée.
At some point in time, the jury will consider some grainy footage from Aaron Hernandez's home security system.
At some point in time, the jury will consider a footprint left by a Nike Air Jordan shoe.
At some point in time, Sen. Rand Paul is expected to hit the campaign trail visiting early voters in New Hampshire, South Carolina, Iowa, and Nevada.
At some point in time, Sen. Rand Paul rode a wave of tea party popularity into the Senate in 2010.
At some point in time, Sen. Rand Paul built a brand of mainstream libertarianism in the Senate.
At some point in time, Sen. Rand Paul is banking on a coalition of younger voters and traditional Republicans to help him in his presidential bid.
At some point in time, Sen. Rand Paul made the surprising announcement that he will not run for president.
At some point in time, Sen. Rand Paul and Sen. Ted Cruz are the only declared candidates for the GOP nomination.
At some point in time, the field for the GOP nomination could grow.
At some point in time, the field for the GOP nomination could include Florida's Jeb Bush.
At some point in time, the field for the GOP nomination could include New Jersey's Chris Christie.
At some point in time, the field for the GOP nomination could include Wisconsin's Scott Walker.
At some point in time, the field for the GOP nomination could include South Carolina's Lindsey Graham.
At some point in time, the field for the GOP nomination could include Florida's Marco Rubio.
At some point in time, the runoff in Chicago is the first for a citywide office.
At some point in time, the runoff is being billed as a battle for the "future of Chicago."
At some point in time, in one corner of the runoff, there is Mayor Rahm Emanuel.
At some point in time, in the other corner of the runoff, there is Jesus "Chuy" Garcia.
At some point in time, Jesus "Chuy" Garcia is a county commissioner.
At some point in time, Jesus "Chuy" Garcia embodies populist and liberal Democrats' frustrations with Mayor Rahm Emanuel.
At some point in time, Mayor Rahm Emanuel failed to secure half the vote in February's general election.
At some point in time, Mayor Rahm Emanuel will go head-to-head with Jesus "Chuy" Garcia.
At some point in time, Easter, Passover, and spring break appear to have spurred more than 142,000 early votes.
At some point in time, the number of early votes is up from about 90,000 before the first round of voting in February.
At some point in time, the national spotlight shone on Ferguson following Michael Brown's death.
At some point in time, Ferguson's predominantly black population is woefully underrepresented in its police force.
At some point in time, Ferguson's predominantly black population is woefully underrepresented in its City Council.
At some point in time, only four in 10 city residents hit the polls in November to cast ballots.
At some point in time, two black men are running for one of the open seats in Ferguson's election.
At some point in time, the current lone black council member is not up for re-election.
At some point in time, in another ward, two black women and two white men are vying for an open seat.
At some point in time, a white protester is running for a third post in Ferguson's election.