At some point in time, the narrator remembers the day the narrator stopped praying.
At some point in time, the narrator stopped praying the day after the narrator's little brother, Jimmy, died of cancer.
At some point in time, Jimmy died of cancer at the age of 25.
At some point in time, the narrator was 27 years old at the time of Jimmy's death.
At some point in time, the narrator was angry at God after Jimmy's death.
At some point in time, the narrator had stopped going to church like most young people.
At some point in time, on the day after Jimmy's death, the narrator needed to understand why God took Jimmy.
At some point in time, the narrator called the nearest Catholic church looking for a priest.
At some point in time, a lady answered the phone at the nearest Catholic church.
At some point in time, the narrator asked the lady if the narrator could talk with Father.
At some point in time, the lady did not answer "yes" to the narrator's request.
At some point in time, the lady asked the narrator if the narrator was a member of that particular parish.
At some point in time, the narrator lived far from the narrator's home parish at the time.
At some point in time, the narrator does not remember how the lady responded.
At some point in time, the answer about the narrator being able to see Father was clearly no.
At some point in time, the narrator does not know if all Catholic churches would have shut the narrator out.
At some point in time, the narrator figured it was part of the long list of rules the Vatican required Catholic leaders to follow.
At some point in time, the narrator cried for a bit after the phone call.
At some point in time, the narrator decided to never ask God for anything again.
At some point in time, the narrator considered the narrator's self a lapsed Catholic ever since.
At some point in time, Pope Francis reawakened the narrator's faith.
At some point in time, the narrator's renewed faith is not because Pope Francis opened the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church.
At some point in time, Pope Francis still argues against things the narrator passionately supports.
At some point in time, the narrator finds Pope Francis enthralling.
At some point in time, the narrator met one of Pope Francis's newly appointed cardinals.
At some point in time, the cardinal's name is Cardinal Gerald Lacroix.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix is 57 years old.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix presides at the Basilica Cathedral of Notre Dame in Quebec City.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix told the narrator that every person is a mystery.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix stated that Pope Francis is living with such freedom and inner freedom.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said Pope Francis is himself and in tune with the Lord.
At some point in time, those close to Pope Francis say Pope Francis wakes up close to 4 in the morning to prepare for daily Mass.
At some point in time, Pope Francis's daily Mass is at 7 in the morning on weekdays.
At some point in time, Pope Francis spends almost three hours in prayer, preparation, and silence before the Lord and the word of God.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix suggested that this routine fine-tunes Pope Francis to start off a day.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes this is how Pope Francis stays humble.
At some point in time, Pope Francis defies tradition by washing the feet of the disabled, women, and those of other faiths.
At some point in time, Pope Francis ordered showers to be built for the poor in St. Peter's Square.
At some point in time, the narrator finds all of this appealing.
At some point in time, the narrator believes it is more than just Pope Francis's actions; it is his tone.
At some point in time, Pope Francis said, "If a person is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to judge?"
At some point in time, the narrator was taken aback by Pope Francis's comment.
At some point in time, homosexuality has long been a taboo subject for the Vatican.
At some point in time, Pope Francis uttered welcoming words regarding homosexuality.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix likened Pope Francis's approach to Jesus.
At some point in time, Jesus did not judge.
At some point in time, Jesus did not come as a judge.
At some point in time, Jesus preached and talked about the love of God.
At some point in time, the narrator understands why more conservative Catholics worry.
At some point in time, if Pope Francis does not judge, then no one will tell people who is a sinner and who is not.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix thinks Pope Francis is conservative in the right way.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes one must be conservative enough to return to the foundation of the Gospel.
At some point in time, one cannot reproach Pope Francis for not living the Gospel or not preaching the truth of the Gospel.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix insisted there is room for everyone in the Catholic Church.
At some point in time, the door is open in the Catholic Church.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church will never promote same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church respects homosexual persons.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church welcomes homosexual persons.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church accompanies homosexual persons.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church will not bless same-sex unions.
At some point in time, not blessing same-sex unions does not mean the Catholic Church rejects homosexual persons.
At some point in time, the narrator finally understood why Pope Francis reawakened the narrator's faith.
At some point in time, the narrator always felt the church would reject the narrator for committing the smallest of sins.
At some point in time, the narrator felt the church would reject the narrator for calling a priest at a church that was not the narrator's home parish.
At some point in time, the narrator felt the church would reject the narrator for not covering the narrator's head with a traditional veil at Easter.
At some point in time, the narrator felt the church would reject the narrator for accidentally eating meat on Holy Friday.
At some point in time, the narrator felt the church would reject the narrator for supporting the use of contraception.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix told the narrator that Jesus walked with sinners until the very end.
At some point in time, Jesus did not banish sinners to the fires of hell.
At some point in time, Jesus refused to give up on anyone.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix is trying to do his best on the local level.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants to have an open ear to what the church and world are experiencing.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants to see how the church can respond to those needs today.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants people to see him and the church as an open heart to grow together.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix does not want the church to be imposing.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes the church has nothing to impose.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes the church has someone to propose: the Lord Jesus and his Gospel.
At some point in time, the narrator dreads going to church next Sunday.
At some point in time, the narrator will bow the narrator's head and pray for forgiveness next Sunday.
At some point in time, the narrator hopes to be worthy of Christ's love.