At some point in time, I remember the day I stopped praying.
At some point in time, the day I stopped praying was the day after my little brother, Jimmy, died of cancer.
At some point in time, Jimmy died of cancer.
At some point in time, Jimmy was 25 years old when he died.
At some point in time, I was angry at God after Jimmy's death.
At some point in time, I was 27 years old at the time of Jimmy's death.
At some point in time, I had stopped going to church.
At some point in time, on the day after Jimmy's death, I needed to understand why God took Jimmy.
At some point in time, I called the nearest Catholic church.
At some point in time, a lady picked up the phone at the Catholic church.
At some point in time, I asked the lady if I could talk with Father.
At some point in time, the lady did not answer "yes" to my request.
At some point in time, the lady asked me if I was a member of that particular parish.
At some point in time, I asked the lady if my membership mattered.
At some point in time, I lived far from my home parish at the time.
At some point in time, the answer about my being able to see Father was clearly no.
I do not know if all Catholic churches would have shut me out.
At some point in time, I figured it was part of the long list of rules the Vatican required Catholic leaders to follow.
At some point in time, I cried for a bit after the phone call.
At some point in time, I decided I would never ask God for anything.
At some point in time, God's conduits on Earth did not have time for me.
At some point in time, I considered myself a devout Catholic ever since.
At some point in time, Pope Francis reawakened my faith.
At some point in time, Pope Francis did not open the floodgates to allow sin in the eyes of the church.
At some point in time, Pope Francis still argues against things I passionately support.
At some point in time, I find myself enthralled by Pope Francis.
At some point in time, I met one of Pope Francis's newly appointed cardinals.
At some point in time, the cardinal's name is Cardinal Gerald Lacroix.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix is 57 years old.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix presides at the Basilica Cathedral of Notre Dame in Quebec City.
At some point in time, I asked Cardinal Gerald Lacroix what it is about Pope Francis.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said every person is a mystery.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said Pope Francis is living with such freedom.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said Pope Francis is himself.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix said Pope Francis is in tune with the Lord.
At some point in time, those close to Pope Francis say he wakes up close to 4 in the morning.
At some point in time, Pope Francis prepares for his daily Mass at 7 in the morning on weekdays.
At some point in time, Pope Francis spends almost three hours in prayer, preparation, and silence before the Lord and the word of God.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix suggested that this routine fine-tunes Pope Francis to start off a day.
At some point in time, Pope Francis stays humble by washing the feet of the disabled, women, and those of other faiths.
At some point in time, Pope Francis ordered showers to be built for the poor in St. Peter's Square.
At some point in time, Pope Francis's tone is appealing to me.
At some point in time, Pope Francis said, "If a person is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to judge?"
At some point in time, Pope Francis's comment took me aback.
Homosexuality has long been a taboo subject for the Vatican.
At some point in time, Pope Francis uttered welcoming words about homosexuality.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix likened Pope Francis's approach to Jesus.
At some point in time, Jesus did not judge.
At some point in time, Jesus did not come as a judge.
At some point in time, Jesus preached and talked about the love of God.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix understands why more conservative Catholics worry.
At some point in time, if Pope Francis does not judge, then no one will tell us who is a sinner and who is not.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix thinks Pope Francis is conservative in the right way.
At some point in time, you have to be conservative enough to return to the foundation of the Gospel.
You cannot reproach Pope Francis for not living the Gospel.
You cannot reproach Pope Francis for not preaching the truth of the Gospel.
Homosexuality is considered a sin in the eyes of the church.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix insisted there is room for everyone.
At some point in time, the door is open for everyone in the Catholic Church.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church will never promote same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church respects homosexual persons.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church welcomes homosexual persons.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church accompanies homosexual persons.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church will not bless same-sex marriages.
At some point in time, the Catholic Church does not reject homosexual persons.
At some point in time, I finally understood why Pope Francis reawakened my faith.
At some point in time, I always felt my church would reject me for committing the smallest of sins.
At some point in time, I felt my church would reject me for calling a priest at a church that was not my home parish.
At some point in time, I felt my church would reject me for not covering my head with a traditional veil at Easter.
At some point in time, I felt my church would reject me for accidentally eating meat on Holy Friday.
At some point in time, I felt my church would reject me for supporting the use of contraception.
At some point in time, Jesus walked with sinners until the very end.
At some point in time, Jesus did not banish sinners to the fires of hell.
At some point in time, Jesus refused to give up on anyone.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix is trying to do his best on the local level.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants to have an open ear to what the church and world are experiencing.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants to see how the church can respond to those needs today.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix wants people to see him as an open heart to grow together.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix does not want the church to be imposing.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes the church has nothing to impose.
At some point in time, Cardinal Gerald Lacroix believes the church has someone to propose: the Lord Jesus and his Gospel.
At some point in time, I can't wait to go to church next Sunday.
At some point in time, I will bow my head and pray for forgiveness next Sunday.
At some point in time, I will pray for Christ's love if I am worthy.