At some point in time, the U.S. official stated that up to 25,000 Iraqi troops were expected to return to Mosul in April or May.
At some point in time, a senior official in President Barack Obama's administration said that Washington is not putting a timeframe on a possible invasion of Mosul.
At some point in time, another senior administration official said that the invasion might be some time from now.
At some point in time, another senior administration official said that the invasion might be soon.
Mosul has long been a big prize in the Iraqi government's fight against ISIS.
At some point in time, the U.S.-led military coalition has carried out airstrikes for months to aid the Iraqi government in its fight against ISIS.
At some point in time, Iraqi troops dropped their weapons, abandoned their posts, and ran for their lives when militants arrived in Mosul last June.
At some point in time, senior administration officials stated that the Iraqis and their allies are making progress in their fight against ISIS.
Officials insist that ISIS has been degraded substantially thanks to a combination of air power and ground combat.
At some point in time, the recapture of Tikrit occurred a few weeks ago.
Tikrit is the hometown of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein.
Tikrit is located about 100 miles (160 kilometers) north of Baghdad.
At some point in time, Iraqi forces, aided by Iranian-backed Shiite militiamen, took Tikrit.
At some point in time, ISIS allegedly massacred Iraqi troops in Tikrit last year.
Mosul has a lot more people than Tikrit.
At some point in time, approximately one million people live in Mosul.
Mosul is more important to Iraq than Tikrit.
Mosul is more important to ISIS than Tikrit.
At some point in time, the terrorist group ISIS has all the more reason to defend Mosul.
At some point in time, the campaign for Mosul has begun, according to officials.
There are no plans for U.S. combat troops' involvement in an eventual operation in Mosul.
At some point in time, airstrikes have already targeted ISIS positions in the Mosul area.
At some point in time, a full ground assault on Mosul is not imminent.
At some point in time, an administration official called for patience regarding the campaign for Mosul.
At some point in time, an administration official stated that winning Mosul is a simple task.
At some point in time, winning Mosul will take a lot of capacity.
At some point in time, winning Mosul will take some time to build.