At some point in time, Tokyo's most prominent districts have taken a small step to recognizing same-sex unions in Japan.
At some point in time, the government of Shibuya ward passed an ordinance on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the ordinance paves the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples.
At some point in time, same-sex couples will be allowed some of the rights of married heterosexual couples.
At some point in time, same-sex partners who are registered with the Shibuya ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals.
At some point in time, same-sex partners who are registered with the Shibuya ward office will be able to co-sign tenancy agreements.
At some point in time, other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy are controlled by the federal government.
At some point in time, other advantages that heterosexual married couples enjoy are outside the remit of individual municipalities.
At some point in time, the measure was proposed in February by Shibuya's mayor, Toshitake Kuwahara.
At some point in time, the certificates will not be issued until later in the summer.
The certificates are not legally binding.
At some point in time, proponents of marriage equality in Japan say that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
At some point in time, Gon Matsunaka, a gay rights activist, stated that the ruling is not a marriage license.
At some point in time, Gon Matsunaka stated that advantages will be limited.
At some point in time, Gon Matsunaka stated that the ruling is still better than nothing.
At some point in time, Shibuya's decision does not equate to heterosexual marriage.
At some point in time, the hope is that the move will promote marriage equality for gay communities.
At some point in time, Matsunaka stated that the ruling will make the LGBT community visible in society.
At some point in time, Matsunaka stated that the ruling could be a strong driver for Shibuya citizens to learn about the problems LGBT people are facing.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa, Tokyo councillor, stated that the ordinance was a "big first step for the protection of human rights." At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa called the decision "happy." At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa stated that the decision must go alongside education about alternative lifestyles.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa stated that the most important part of the announcement is that it should be put into practice.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa stated that education for understanding LGBT individuals is especially important.
At some point in time, neighboring Setagaya ward has indicated that it would look into following Shibuya's lead.
At some point in time, proponents of marriage equality say the ward's decision is a step backward.
At some point in time, former councilor Ishikawa cautioned against taking the movement's momentum for granted.
At some point in time, former councilor Ishikawa stated that a national law has to be made to realize equal rights for gay couples.
At some point in time, outright discrimination against the LGBT community is rare in Japan.
At some point in time, the effects of discrimination can be hidden.
At some point in time, gay people often find themselves at a disadvantage.
At some point in time, many gay people hide their sexuality from their employers.
At some point in time, many gay people hide their sexuality from their co-workers.
At some point in time, many gay people hide their sexuality from their families.
At some point in time, many gay people hide their sexuality from their friends.
At some point in time, a recent poll found that a slight majority at 52.4% oppose gay marriage.
At some point in time, support for gay marriage among young adults in their 20s and 30s is as high as 70%.
At some point in time, an editorial in the Asahi Shimbun newspaper welcomed the Shibuya decision.
At some point in time, the editorial called the Shibuya decision "a bold and important step forward." Only traditional marriages are recognized under Japan's constitution.
At some point in time, the wording of Japan's constitution is vague enough to open it to interpretation.
At some point in time, Mari Miura, a professor of gender and politics at Sophia University in Tokyo, stated that the constitution does not rule out same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, Mari Miura stated that an interpretation can be made that same-sex marriage is constitutional.
At some point in time, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the ruling Liberal Democratic Party do not like the idea of same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, the issue of same-sex marriage is gaining momentum.
At some point in time, conservative groups were vocal in their opposition to same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, one conservative group is known as the Network Pushing for Normalization of Education.
At some point in time, the Network Pushing for Normalization of Education stated that granting same-sex couples the same rights as all other Japanese citizens would degrade the familial system.
At some point in time, the familial system has long been preserved by heterosexual unions in human history.
At some point in time, Shibuya's registration system will be a first for Japan.
At some point in time, Yodogawa ward in Osaka was the first in the nation to recognize and support the LGBT community.
At some point in time, in 2013, the Yodogawa ward government pledged to give consideration to the issues that the LGBT community faced.
At some point in time, the Yodogawa ward government pledged to train staff to accommodate needs specific to LGBT individuals.
At some point in time, Chie Kobayashi contributed reporting from Tokyo.