At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway wanted to leave paradise and head home.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway could not leave paradise and head home.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway has cancer.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway stated that she has cancer in a video posted to Facebook.
At some point in time, the video shows Elizabeth Sedway's group packing up from their Alaska Airlines plane.
At some point in time, the Alaska Airlines plane was sitting at the gate in Hawaii.
At some point in time, a woman is heard saying, "You're taking me off the airplane because I don't have a doctor's note saying I can fly."
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway was removed from the airplane.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway was removed from the airplane as if she was a criminal or contagious.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway was removed from the airplane because she has cancer and no note to fly.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway eventually got on a flight back to San Jose, California.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway did not get home until late Tuesday night.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway received an apology from Alaska Airlines.
At some point in time, Bobbie Egan is the spokeswoman for Alaska Airlines.
At some point in time, Bobbie Egan said, "We regret the inconvenience Ms. Sedway experienced ... and are very sorry for how the situation was handled."
At some point in time, Bobbie Egan stated that the situation could have been handled differently.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway was in Hawaii in time to celebrate her 14th wedding anniversary.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway was on a plane to head east on Monday.
At some point in time, an airline employee saw Elizabeth Sedway seated in the handicapped section.
At some point in time, the airline employee asked Elizabeth Sedway how she was doing.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway responded that she sometimes felt weak.
At some point in time, a call to a doctor was made after Elizabeth Sedway's response.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway was removed from the plane after the call to a doctor.
At some point in time, Bobbie Egan acknowledged that Alaska Airlines' policy is to call MedLink when someone has a medical issue.
At some point in time, MedLink is a group of ER nurses and doctors.
At some point in time, Bobbie Egan explained that it is better to address medical issues or concerns on the ground rather than in the air.
At some point in time, flights to or from Hawaii last five-plus hours over open ocean.
At some point in time, the decision to pull Elizabeth Sedway from the flight was made with "the customer's well-being" in mind.
At some point in time, Bobbie Egan stated that this does not mean it was the right decision.
At some point in time, Alaska Airlines apologized to Elizabeth Sedway for the disruption this has caused.
At some point in time, Alaska Airlines refunded Elizabeth Sedway's family's tickets.
At some point in time, Alaska Airlines paid for Elizabeth Sedway's family's overnight accommodations.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway made clear on Facebook that being stuck in Hawaii was not a real disruption.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway stated, "Because of this, I will miss my chemotherapy."
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway stated, "My children will miss school."
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sedway stated, "My husband will miss important meetings."