At some point in time, online activity has fully emerged as the alternative to traditional mainstream media.
At some point in time, the low cost of posting online attracts dissidence.
At some point in time, the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online.
At some point in time, the phenomenon of online posting is not unique to Asia.
At some point in time, online posting might seem more pronounced in Asia.
At some point in time, going online has become the path of least resistance for individuals who want to make themselves heard.
At some point in time, online posting still brings resistance.
At some point in time, some resistance to online posting is legal.
At some point in time, some resistance to online posting is deadly.
At some point in time, Amos Yee is a teenage video blogger.
At some point in time, Amos Yee was arrested and held pending bail on Sunday in Singapore.
At some point in time, Amos Yee drew international attention for his anti-Lee Kuan Yew harangue.
At some point in time, jailing critics is not usually the government's first choice in Singapore.
At some point in time, the government's use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases is part of Lee Kuan Yew's legacy.
At some point in time, the preferred method of silencing discomfiting online voices in Singapore usually carries heavy financial penalties.
At some point in time, Amos Yee could face up to three years in jail.
At some point in time, Amos Yee is not unique.
At some point in time, Roy Ngerng is another dissident blogger in Singapore.
At some point in time, Roy Ngerng continues to suffer financial and legal pressure.
At some point in time, Roy Ngerng lost his job because of a blog post.
At some point in time, Roy Ngerng's blog post allegedly accused Lee Hsien Loong of corruption.
At some point in time, Roy Ngerng's concern is with the lack of transparency in the management of the Central Provident Fund.
At some point in time, Yee and Ngerng are two of many dissidents.
At some point in time, the Committee To Protect Journalists has a file on Singapore going back to 2000.
At some point in time, the file on Singapore contains a long string of similar cases.
At some point in time, some cases in the file are against politicians.
At some point in time, some cases in the file are against citizens frustrated with their government.
At some point in time, internet activity comes under fire in Malaysia.
At some point in time, five editors and executives from The Malaysian Insider were arrested on Monday.
At some point in time, The Malaysian Insider was arrested over a report claiming that the Conference of Rulers had rejected a proposal to amend federal law.
At some point in time, the proposal aimed to allow for the introduction of hudud punishments.
At some point in time, questions of Islamic faith are a third-rail issue in deeply Muslim Malaysia.
At some point in time, revealing government decisions before they are announced is a third-rail issue in deeply Muslim Malaysia.
At some point in time, China is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world.
At some point in time, a majority of the 44 people behind bars in China at the end of 2014 were bloggers.
At some point in time, most of the bloggers behind bars in China were Uighur or Tibetan activists.
At some point in time, Uighur or Tibetan activists straddle the line between journalism and activism.
At some point in time, Vietnam is second in Asia for holding journalists in prison.
At some point in time, Vietnam held 16 reporters behind bars as of December 1.
At some point in time, Nguyen Dinh Ngoc was arrested for "law-violating" after police searched his home on December 27.
At some point in time, Nguyen Dinh Ngoc is a prominent blogger.
At some point in time, Nguyen Quang Lap was arrested on anti-state charges of "abusing democratic freedoms."
At some point in time, Hong Le Tho was arrested on anti-state charges of "abusing democratic freedoms."
At some point in time, only two investigative print reporters remain behind bars in Vietnam.
At some point in time, the cases of the two investigative print reporters date back to 2012 and 2013.
At some point in time, both investigative print reporters were accused of accepting bribes for dialing back critical news coverage.
At some point in time, governments across Asia have curtailed Internet freedoms through increasingly restrictive practices.
At some point in time, restrictive practices include prohibitive laws.
At some point in time, restrictive practices include heightened surveillance and censorship.
At some point in time, restrictive practices include threats of imprisonment on various national security-related offenses.
At some point in time, the policy path being followed by most countries in Asia does not look like it will be changing any time soon.
At some point in time, jailing journalists is one thing.
At some point in time, watching journalists being killed and doing little or nothing about it is another.
At some point in time, since 1992, 11% of journalists killed have died for their work online.
At some point in time, the proportion of journalists killed for their work online can be expected to grow.
At some point in time, most bloggers have not been the targets of murderers.
At some point in time, Bangladesh has recently become the exception regarding bloggers being targeted.
At some point in time, Washiqur Rahman Babu was the second blogger hacked to death in public in Bangladesh in the past five weeks.
At some point in time, Avijit Roy was attacked by assailants wielding sharp weapons while visiting Dhaka.
At some point in time, Avijit Roy was killed.
At some point in time, Rafida Ahmed Bonna was critically injured during the attack on Avijit Roy.
At some point in time, both Washiqur Rahman Babu and Avijit Roy had written critically on Islamic matters.
At some point in time, the blogger death toll gets higher in Bangladesh if you go back a year or two.
At some point in time, religious beliefs are not always involved in the killings of bloggers in Bangladesh.
At some point in time, the killings of bloggers in Bangladesh are almost always carried out with near perfect impunity.
At some point in time, Asif Mohiuddin barely survived after being stabbed by Islamists in January 2013.
At some point in time, Asif Mohiuddin wrote critical commentary on religion, Islamist groups, free speech, and human rights.
At some point in time, Ahmed Rajib Haider was hacked to death by members of an Islamist militant group in February 2013.
At some point in time, Ahmed Rajib Haider had written about Islamic fundamentalism and Islamist groups.
At some point in time, Islamist groups called for the execution of bloggers they said had committed blasphemy in 2013.
At some point in time, arrests were made after the murders of bloggers.
At some point in time, there have been no convictions after the murders of bloggers.
At some point in time, online journalists operating outside the restraints of mainstream media have become the most vulnerable targets.
At some point in time, where there is restrictive rule of law, journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom.
At some point in time, where the rule of law is weak, journalists are vulnerable to the attacks of killers.
At some point in time, killers seldom, if ever, answer to the rule of law.