At some point in time, Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share little in common.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley is a Democrat.
At some point in time, Jim Webb is a Democrat.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley is toying with a presidential run.
At some point in time, Jim Webb is toying with a presidential run.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley is facing long odds in his endeavor to run for president.
At some point in time, Jim Webb is facing long odds in his endeavor to run for president.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines, Iowa, on Friday night.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley is a former mayor of Maryland.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley is a former governor of Maryland.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley introduces himself to anyone who would extend their hand.
At some point in time, Jim Webb is a decorated Vietnam War veteran.
At some point in time, Jim Webb is a former senator from Virginia.
At some point in time, Jim Webb comes across as more stoic than Martin O'Malley.
At some point in time, Jim Webb comes across as uncomfortable with retail politics.
At some point in time, before the event, Martin O'Malley cruised the union hall.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley took selfies with young environmental activists.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley chatted with sometimes tepid supporters.
At some point in time, some supporters admitted their other political allegiances to Martin O'Malley.
At some point in time, one man told Martin O'Malley, "It is a marathon, not a sprint."
At some point in time, the man’s statement was a nod to Martin O'Malley's long odds in the 2016 Democratic nomination process.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley responded, "Yes, it is; it's a marathon."
At some point in time, another man said to Martin O'Malley, "Welcome to Iowa."
At some point in time, the man hoped to see Martin O'Malley in Iowa more.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley smiled and said, "Thanks a lot. I hope you do, too."
At some point in time, Jim Webb opted to stay close to his seat near the front of the venue.
At some point in time, Jim Webb chatted with a small group of people around him.
At some point in time, as Jim Webb cut into his sizable helping of pork, Martin O'Malley was standing directly behind him.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley was shaking hands while standing directly behind Jim Webb.
At some point in time, Jim Webb stood up and shook hands with a few diehard Democratic activists in the room.
At some point in time, Zach Smith said his baby boy, Noah, is seven months old.
At some point in time, Zach Smith is a new father.
At some point in time, Jim Webb said he has a bunch of kids.
At some point in time, Jim Webb said his youngest child is eight years old.
At some point in time, the baby looked up at Jim Webb.
At some point in time, Jim Webb remarked that the baby is pretty calm.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb do not know each other.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb met for the first time in a Des Moines hotel lobby on Friday morning.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton is the former secretary of state.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton is set to announce her presidential bid on Sunday.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton leads every national and state poll of the Democratic field.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton has begun to build a sizable staff.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton is expected to have massive amounts of money to win the nomination.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb are both looking up at Hillary Clinton.
At some point in time, in a March CNN/ORC poll of national Democrats, only 1% said Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb were their top choice.
At some point in time, in a January poll from Bloomberg Politics and the Des Moines Register, Martin O'Malley was at 1% among Iowa Democrats.
At some point in time, in a January poll from Bloomberg Politics and the Des Moines Register, Jim Webb was at 3% among Iowa Democrats.
At some point in time, the speaking portion of the night showed differences between Jim Webb and Martin O'Malley.
At some point in time, Jim Webb spoke before Martin O'Malley.
At some point in time, Jim Webb gave a more subdued, biographical speech.
At some point in time, Jim Webb's speech mentioned three areas he would focus on if he ran for president.
At some point in time, the three areas Jim Webb would focus on are basic governance, economic justice, and criminal justice reform.
At some point in time, Jim Webb promised to come back to Iowa regularly.
At some point in time, Jim Webb said, "I am committing to you right now, we are going to go over the whole state."
At some point in time, the biggest applause came near the end of Jim Webb's speech.
At some point in time, Jim Webb urged his party to get back to talking about issues.
At some point in time, Jim Webb said, "Money is ruining our political process."
At some point in time, Jim Webb's statement received applause and "hear hear."
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley gave a speech littered with intentional applause lines.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley deliberately stopped to allow for silence to be filled with clapping hands.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley said, "When the American Dream is denied, our lives shrink, our hopes fade, and our days unfold not in the light of possibility but in the darkness of fear."
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley delivered the same stump speech he usually gives.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley said, "To make the dream true again, we must fight for better wages for all workers, so that Americans can support their families on what they earn."
At some point in time, as the event wound down, Jim Webb and Martin O'Malley stuck around to shake more hands.
At some point in time, Jim O'Malley spent the previous day in Iowa.
At some point in time, Martin O'Malley left Friday night for New York.
At some point in time, Jim Webb is in the midst of a four-day trip to Iowa.
At some point in time, Jim Webb stayed in Des Moines.
At some point in time, Jim Webb headlined a veterans event on Saturday morning in Waterloo.
At some point in time, Jim Webb regularly speaks about his service.
At some point in time, Jim Webb appeared more at home at the veterans event.
At some point in time, Jim Webb told war stories with young and old veterans.
At some point in time, Jim Webb spoke at length about how the government could be doing more for veterans.
At some point in time, Jim Webb touted his work on passing the 21st Century G.I. Bill of Rights.
At some point in time, the 21st Century G.I. Bill of Rights is a 2008 act that expanded education benefits for veterans.
At some point in time, Jim Webb stressed that more needed to be done for veterans.
At some point in time, Jim Webb said, "You want the next greatest generation, give them the same opportunity the greatest generation had."
At some point in time, Jim Webb's statement received applause.
At some point in time, Jim Webb shook hands with veterans after the event.
At some point in time, veterans told Jim Webb stories about dropped benefits and problems with the Department of Veterans Affairs.
At some point in time, Jim Webb occasionally smiled and thanked people for coming on a sunny Saturday morning.
At some point in time, Jim Webb smiled when asked whether he enjoys retail politics.
At some point in time, retail politics is crucial in early voting states like Iowa and New Hampshire.
At some point in time, skepticism of retail politics is not new for Jim Webb.
At some point in time, Jim Webb was rumored to loathe the burdens that came with campaigning.
At some point in time, the burdens that came with campaigning include fundraising and retail politics.
At some point in time, Jim Webb put on a rosy view of retail politics this time.
At some point in time, Jim Webb said, "This is the good part of it."
At some point in time, Jim Webb laughed when he said, "Talking to the media, that is not always the good part."