At some point in time, the lyrics to the Don McLean song "American Pie" sold for $1.2 million at an auction held by Christie's.
At some point in time, Don McLean's manuscript of "American Pie" achieved the 3rd highest auction price for an American literary manuscript.
At some point in time, Tom Lecky is a representative of Christie's.
At some point in time, Don McLean stated that it was time to part with the manuscript.
At some point in time, Don McLean will be 70 years old this year.
At some point in time, Don McLean has two children and a wife.
At some point in time, none of Don McLean's children or wife seem to have the mercantile instinct.
At some point in time, Don McLean wants to get the best deal that he can for his children and wife.
At some point in time, it is time for Don McLean to part with the manuscript.
At some point in time, "American Pie" has become one of the most dissected and argued-about songs in the pop music canon.
At some point in time, Don McLean has said that the opening lines of "American Pie" were inspired by the death of Buddy Holly.
At some point in time, it is conjecture what the rest of the song "American Pie" means.
At some point in time, a marching band's worth of analysts has tried to parse the symbols in the 8-minute, 33-second opus "American Pie."
At some point in time, Bob Dylan is speculated to be the jester in "American Pie."
At some point in time, the Vietnam War is speculated to be the football game in "American Pie."
At some point in time, Janis Joplin is speculated to be the "girl who sang the blues" in "American Pie."
Buddy Holly's plane was not named "American Pie."
At some point in time, Don McLean has dealt with questions about the identities of characters in "American Pie."
Don McLean never had the identities of characters in his head when he wrote "American Pie."
At some point in time, Don McLean was trying to capture something very ephemeral when he wrote "American Pie."
At some point in time, the song "American Pie" catapulted Don McLean to headliner status.
At some point in time, the song "American Pie" hit No. 1 in early 1972.
The length of "American Pie" did not prevent it from hitting No. 1.
At some point in time, the 45-rpm single of "American Pie" split the song in half on its A and B sides.
At some point in time, the draft of "American Pie" that was auctioned is 16 pages long.
At some point in time, the draft of "American Pie" contains 237 lines of manuscript.
At some point in time, the draft of "American Pie" contains 26 lines of typed text.
At some point in time, the draft of "American Pie" includes lines that didn't make the final version.
At some point in time, the draft of "American Pie" includes extensive notes.
At some point in time, Don McLean stated that the extensive notes in the draft of "American Pie" should be revealing.
At some point in time, the record for a popular music manuscript is held by Bob Dylan's "Like a Rolling Stone."
At some point in time, Bob Dylan's "Like a Rolling Stone" sold for $1 million in June.