At some point in time, investigators have collected all the main evidence from the site where Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed.
At some point in time, a French national police official told CNN that investigators are not expected to return to the crash site.
At some point in time, Capt. Yves Naffrechoux of the High Mountain Gendarmerie stated that the plane crashed on March 24.
At some point in time, the plane crashed in flat terrain of the Alps about 6 miles (10 kilometers) from the town of Seyne-les-Alpes.
At some point in time, all the police investigators have left the Germanwings crash site.
At some point in time, a private security company is ensuring security around the crash site.
No one can go to the crash site.
At some point in time, the security firm will guard the site until the remaining debris is collected.
At some point in time, the remaining debris will be taken to secure locations for further analysis, if necessary.
At some point in time, the flight data recorder, or "black box," was found on Thursday by a member of the recovery team.
At some point in time, the cockpit voice recorder was found days after the crash.
At some point in time, authorities collected more than 2,000 DNA samples from the crash site.
At some point in time, lab workers have isolated 150 DNA profiles from the collected samples.
The crash killed all 150 people on board.
At some point in time, Brice Robin, Marseilles prosecutor, stated that authorities have found 470 personnel effects at the site.
At some point in time, the number of personnel effects includes 40 cell phones.
At some point in time, all 40 cell phones were badly damaged.
At some point in time, Brice Robin cast doubt that any useful information could be retrieved from the damaged phones.
At some point in time, authorities say that the flight's co-pilot, Andreas Lubitz, locked the captain out of the cockpit.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz engineered the plane's demise.
At some point in time, initial tests on the flight data recorder show that Andreas Lubitz purposely used the controls to speed up the plane's descent.
At some point in time, the French air accident investigation agency, the BEA, conducted the initial tests on the flight data recorder.
At some point in time, it has emerged that Andreas Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz concealed recent medical leave notes from his employer saying he was unfit for work.
At some point in time, there are calls for crash avoidance technology.
At some point in time, CNN's Margot Haddad reported from Marseille.
At some point in time, Greg Botelho wrote from Atlanta.
At some point in time, CNN's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report.