At some point in time, Ted Cruz is a presidential candidate.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz was in Cedar Falls, Iowa.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's aides tried to rush Ted Cruz from an event in Cedar Falls to an event in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz continued shaking hands with anyone who wanted to meet him.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's aides managed to move Ted Cruz closer to the door.
At some point in time, a tall, burly man stopped Ted Cruz.
At some point in time, the tall, burly man asked Ted Cruz if he could pray with him.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz agreed to pray with the tall, burly man.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz clasped the tall, burly man's upper arm.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz and the tall, burly man bowed their heads.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz connected with voters on a religious level last week.
Ted Cruz is the senator from Texas.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz hit the campaign trail in Iowa for the first time as a presidential candidate last week.
Ted Cruz is the only official contender in the race.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz drew large crowds during his two-day swing across Iowa.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz is counting on Iowa to propel him forward.
Iowa is known for its vocal and active evangelical base.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz is expected to face tough competition among a crowded field of GOP candidates.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz displays a pastoral swagger when speaking on stage.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz avoids using a podium.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz favors pacing the stage with a wireless microphone.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's speaking style is reminiscent of a Sunday morning sermon.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz embraces each person's hand with both of his hands after events.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz softens his usually theatric tone when meeting people after events.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz looks people square in the eye when meeting them after events.
At some point in time, the past two winners of Iowa's caucuses rose to victory with support from the Christian right.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz announced his bid for presidency at Liberty University.
Liberty University is a well-known Baptist school.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz aims to energize the evangelical base.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz aims to claim Iowa as his prize.
Evangelicals make up a large segment of Iowa's Republican voter bloc.
At some point in time, according to a Des Moines Register/Bloomberg Politics poll from January, 44% of likely 2016 Republican caucus-goers said they were born-again or evangelical Christians.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz has built a brand as a stalwart conservative.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz is willing to buck GOP leadership on fiscal issues.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz showed eagerness to champion social issues in Iowa last week.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz was one of the loudest defenders of the religious freedom law in Indiana.
At some point in time, the religious freedom law in Indiana came under fire last week.
Critics called the religious freedom law in Indiana a path to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz described the outrage over the religious freedom laws as shameful.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz described the outrage over the religious freedom laws as an assault on First Amendment rights.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz said there are a lot of people in Iowa and across the country whose hearts are breaking.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz said people are watching what has happened in the last two weeks.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz said there has been a grossly unfair vilification of religious liberty.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz is comfortable talking about his own faith.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz tells the story of how his father became a Christian and a pastor.
Rafael Cruz is Ted Cruz's father.
At some point in time, Rafael Cruz has become a celebrity among Christian conservatives.
At some point in time, Rafael Cruz will frequently visit Iowa over the next year.
At some point in time, Bryan English is Ted Cruz's Iowa director.
At some point in time, Bryan English is a former pastor.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's first television ads are appearing this weekend.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's first television ads are appearing during programs on Fox News and NBC.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's first television ads are pegged to Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, in the ad, Ted Cruz talks about the impact of the transformative love of Jesus Christ on his life.
At some point in time, Mike Huckabee won Iowa in 2008.
At some point in time, Rick Santorum won Iowa in 2012.
At some point in time, Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum did not win the nomination after winning Iowa.
At some point in time, Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum's successes helped launch them into high-profile battles with the then-front-runners.
At some point in time, Mike Huckabee and Rick Santorum are likely running again in 2016.
At some point in time, the competition for the nomination will be stiff in 2016.
At some point in time, courting evangelicals is a component of Ted Cruz's strategy to win the nomination.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's strategy to win the nomination also includes dominating the tea party faction.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's strategy to win the nomination includes competing for the libertarian base.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's stump speech appeals to multiple factions.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz received standing ovations last week for calling to abolish the IRS.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz frequently tells audiences to leave their cell phones on.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz tells audiences to leave their cell phones on so President Obama can hear every word he has to say.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz argued that the Republican Party needs to bridge the gap between the Ron Paul-Rand Paul faction and the Santorum base.
At some point in time, the Ron Paul-Rand Paul faction consists of young libertarian-minded voters.
At some point in time, the Santorum base consists of evangelicals.
At some point in time, the Ron Paul-Rand Paul faction and the Santorum base are not necessarily the best of chums.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz said that if the Republican Party is going to win, it must bring the coalition together.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz believes that he can bring the coalition together.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz frequently says he wants to see a return of the evangelical vote to 2004 levels.
At some point in time, in 2004, more than six in 10 evangelicals voted in the presidential election.
At some point in time, the 2004 evangelical turnout was higher than normal for the demographic.
At some point in time, the evangelical turnout has waned slightly since 2004.
At some point in time, the evangelical turnout is not too far off from the 56% of the overall population that voted in 2012.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz's campaign believes that tapping into the group of evangelicals who have been staying home could mean millions more at the polls.
At some point in time, Rick Tyler is a top adviser to Ted Cruz.
At some point in time, Rick Tyler said that available places for the Republican Party to expand the vote do not exist in the middle.
At some point in time, Rick Tyler said that available places for the Republican Party to expand the vote exist in the evangelical vote.
At some point in time, Rick Tyler said that the evangelical vote is not a pond.
At some point in time, Rick Tyler said that the evangelical vote is an unfished ocean of available voters who are conservative.
At some point in time, Russell Moore is the president of the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention.
At some point in time, Russell Moore does not expect to see record turnout among evangelicals in 2016.
At some point in time, Russell Moore does not expect record turnout among evangelicals regardless of who the nominee is.
At some point in time, Russell Moore does not expect record turnout among evangelicals regardless of what the nominee says.
At some point in time, Russell Moore points to hot-button topics like religious freedom issues in the U.S.
At some point in time, Russell Moore points to increased attention to the killing of minority Christians in the Middle East.
At some point in time, Russell Moore points to rising anti-Semitism.
At some point in time, Russell Moore believes a candidate will not get very far simply by using evangelical lingo.
At some point in time, Russell Moore believes a candidate will not get very far by pointing to his or her personal faith.
At some point in time, Russell Moore believes a candidate will have to explain how he or she would protect religious liberty.
At some point in time, Russell Moore believes a candidate will have to explain how he or she would appoint justices and judges who will maintain the common good.
At some point in time, voters in Iowa will see the bulk of the GOP field tackle these issues later in April.
At some point in time, the bulk of the GOP field will take the stage at an event hosted by the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition.
At some point in time, the past two winners of the Iowa caucuses are likely running for president again.
At some point in time, Steve Scheffler is the president of the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition.
At some point in time, Steve Scheffler argued that the field is wide open in terms of who will win favor among evangelicals.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush was known for his staunch anti-abortion record as Florida governor.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush touts his Catholic faith as a big force behind his policy views.
At some point in time, Scott Walker is the son of a pastor.
At some point in time, Ben Carson rose to fame in conservative circles after criticizing the Obama administration at a national prayer breakfast.
At some point in time, Marco Rubio has made serious efforts to court the religious right.
At some point in time, Rick Perry has made serious efforts to court the religious right.
At some point in time, Rand Paul has made serious efforts to court the religious right.
At some point in time, Steve Scheffler said it is up for grabs among the candidates.
At some point in time, Steve Scheffler said it is a clean slate regardless of if candidates have run before.
At some point in time, Steve Scheffler said Huckabee and Santorum have name recognition and a database of people who supported them in the past.
At some point in time, Steve Scheffler said voters are going to take a good look at all of the candidates.