At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory blinked back tears as she thought about the verdict.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory has been thinking about the verdict for an unspecified duration.
At some point in time, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev planted bombs at the Boston Marathon.
At some point in time, the bombings set off deadly explosions that wounded Rebekah Gregory and hundreds of other individuals.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory testified in court last month.
At some point in time, one of the blasts on the day of the Boston Marathon in 2013 left Rebekah Gregory lying in the street.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory was staring at her own bones after the blast.
At some point in time, jurors have found Dzhokhar Tsarnaev not guilty on all 30 counts he faced for the deadly bombings and their aftermath.
No verdict can ever totally make up for the pain that Rebekah Gregory feels.
Rebekah Gregory believes that there will never be justice brought to the situation.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory believes that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be held accountable for his actions.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory is very thankful for each of the jury members that are making Dzhokhar Tsarnaev accountable.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory wrote a widely publicized letter to Dzhokhar Tsarnaev after testifying.
At some point in time, the trial has left Rebekah Gregory and other victims reeling from a flood of emotions.
At some point in time, the trial has caused Rebekah Gregory and other victims to relive horrifying memories.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory believes that the trial is an important step.
At some point in time, everything related to the trial is being brought up again full force.
Rebekah Gregory's life will never ever be the same.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory hopes that with the trial's outcome, she and others can move forward.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory believes that there is a bigger plan.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory may be standing on one fake leg.
At some point in time, Rebekah Gregory is standing stronger than ever.
At some point in time, someone tried to destroy Rebekah Gregory, and that person failed.
At some point in time, for Rebekah Gregory and others who lived through the 2013 attack, Wednesday's verdict brought a mix of emotions.
At some point in time, the mix of emotions included triumphant vows to move forward.
At some point in time, the mix of emotions included expressions of gratitude.
At some point in time, the mix of emotions included debate over whether Dzhokhar Tsarnaev should be sentenced to death.
At some point in time, there were no outbursts inside the federal courthouse in Boston.
At some point in time, there was barely any peripheral noise as people sat on the edges of their seats.
At some point in time, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev fidgeted and scratched the back of his head during the verdict.
At some point in time, some survivors and victims' family members lowered their heads and dabbed tears during the verdict.
At some point in time, the family of Sean Collier said that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev were terrorists.
At some point in time, the family of Sean Collier believes that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev failed monumentally in striking fear in people.
The verdict can never bring Sean Collier back.
At some point in time, the family of Sean Collier is thankful that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev will be held accountable for the evil that he brought to many families.
At some point in time, Richard "Dic" Donohue believes that the verdicts show that terrorism will not prevail.
At some point in time, Richard "Dic" Donohue believes that society will hold those accountable for their acts against the nation.
At some point in time, Richard "Dic" Donohue tweeted that justice has been served.
At some point in time, survivor Karen Brassard needed to attend the trial to help her heal.
At some point in time, Karen Brassard does not believe that Tamerlan Tsarnaev persuaded Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to take part in the plot.
At some point in time, Karen Brassard believes that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was all in regarding the plot.
At some point in time, Karen Brassard is grateful for the outcome of the trial.
At some point in time, the outcome of the trial is not a happy occasion for Karen Brassard.
At some point in time, the outcome of the trial is something that Karen Brassard can put one more step behind her.
At some point in time, Bruce Mendelsohn is among those who rushed to save lives at the marathon finish line.
At some point in time, the verdicts mean that Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is no longer a bombing suspect.
At some point in time, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is now officially a convicted killer.
The situation cannot be called a celebration.
At some point in time, there is a newfound peace of mind in and around Boston.
At some point in time, the Boston community suffered greatly after the bombing and subsequent manhunt.
At some point in time, the Boston community got through the situation by rallying around each other.
At some point in time, the bond in the Boston community is reflected in the mantra "Boston Strong."
At some point in time, the feeling of unity was reaffirmed all around the city by Wednesday's verdict.
At some point in time, Heather Abbott lost her left leg below the knee.
At some point in time, Heather Abbott has become a living example of someone who wasn't stopped by the terror.
At some point in time, Heather Abbott learned not only to walk again but also to run again.
Nothing can ever replace the lives that were lost or changed forever, according to Heather Abbott.
At some point in time, Heather Abbott expressed relief in knowing that justice is served and responsibility will be taken.
At some point in time, the view that justice is served and responsibility will be taken is commonly shared.
At some point in time, Wednesday was key to the progression of those hurt physically, mentally, and emotionally by the horrors of 2013.
At some point in time, Wednesday is not the end of the road for those hurt by the attack.
At some point in time, Jeff Bauman became a symbol of the carnage and heroism from the attack.
At some point in time, Jeff Bauman was bloodied and rushed through the streets of Boston by good Samaritan Carlos Arredondo.
At some point in time, Jeff Bauman lost both his legs in the attack.
At some point in time, Jeff Bauman has become a symbol of resilience.
At some point in time, Jeff Bauman has moved on with his life by marrying and fathering a child.
At some point in time, Jeff Bauman said that the verdict will never replace the lives that were lost and so dramatically changed.
At some point in time, Jeff Bauman added that the verdict is a relief.
At some point in time, Jeff Bauman stated that the verdict is one step closer to closure.