At some point in time, President Obama's nomination of Loretta Lynch to become the country's first African-American woman attorney general is a historic pick.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's confirmation wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate is now taking on new historical relevance.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate has lasted into its sixth month.
At some point in time, the period between the Senate Judiciary Committee's vote to confirm and the full Senate vote has lasted longer for Loretta Lynch than for any attorney general nominee in recent history.
At some point in time, the Senate has not scheduled a full Senate vote for Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, the wait for Loretta Lynch's confirmation vote will be longer than the eight previous nominees for the job combined by the time the Senate returns from Easter recess on Monday.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch is currently the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York.
At some point in time, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to confirm Loretta Lynch by a vote of 12-8 on February 26.
At some point in time, Republican Senators Orrin Hatch of Utah, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, and Jeff Flake of Arizona joined Democrats in sending Loretta Lynch's nomination to the full Senate.
At some point in time, President Obama nominated Loretta Lynch to replace Attorney General Eric Holder on November 8.
At some point in time, Eric Holder announced plans to leave the post weeks before President Obama's nomination of Loretta Lynch.
At some point in time, Lynch's family moved to Durham, North Carolina when Loretta Lynch was a child.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's parents are married and have been married for 60 years.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's parents still live in Durham, North Carolina.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's parents watched the announcement of her nomination on television.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch is Loretta Lynch's father.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch said that the announcement was encouraging but he knew then that they had a fight on their hands.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch has been in politics most of his life.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch knows that nothing is certain.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch knows that nothing is easy.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch is 82 years old.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch is a retired Baptist preacher.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch was active in the civil rights movement of the 1960s.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Durham in 1973.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch traveled to Washington in late January to attend his daughter's confirmation hearing before the Judiciary Committee.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch heard a lot at the confirmation hearing that he has heard since childhood.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch referred to the presupposition of the mindset as "the dual system or the dual treatment."
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch deferred to the state branch of the NAACP and E. Lavonia Allison when asked to provide specific examples.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison is a Durham activist who has known Loretta Lynch since the family moved to Durham.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison suggested that Loretta Lynch's confirmation vote has been delayed because Loretta Lynch is African-American.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison said that when it has taken so long, it has been so different from any other person who has been nominated.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison questioned how else they can interpret that it is so different.
At some point in time, Rep. G.K. Butterfield, D-North Carolina, is the chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus.
At some point in time, Rep. G.K. Butterfield said that he thinks race can be considered a major factor in the reason for the delay.
At some point in time, Rep. G.K. Butterfield said that the delay is also due to the irrationality of the new Republicans.
At some point in time, Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Illinois, criticized Republicans by evoking imagery of the segregated South.
At some point in time, Sen. Dick Durbin said that Loretta Lynch had been asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain criticized Sen. Dick Durbin harshly.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain said that he deeply regrets that Sen. Dick Durbin chose to question the integrity and motivation of himself and his Republican colleagues.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain said that Sen. Dick Durbin's comments were offensive and unnecessary.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain said that he thinks Sen. Dick Durbin owes an apology to this body, Loretta Lynch, and all Americans.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch said that he thought Sen. Dick Durbin should be commended.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch said that he thinks Sen. Dick Durbin's description of what has happened is poetic.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch said that poetry, like most language, is limited but it does have wings to carry a point.
At some point in time, Giuliani pushes for Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, Senate Republicans adamantly deny that the delay in scheduling a vote on Loretta Lynch's nomination is because she is African-American.
At some point in time, many Senate Republicans point out that Loretta Lynch, if confirmed, will be replacing the country's first African-American attorney general.
At some point in time, the first African-American attorney general was confirmed by an overwhelming margin.
At some point in time, Republicans and Democrats say that the delay in Loretta Lynch's confirmation is part of an ongoing partisan battle.
At some point in time, for some, the delay is part of a fight over a human trafficking bill that has stalled in the Senate.
At some point in time, for others, the delay is retaliation for President Obama's 2014 executive actions on immigration.
At some point in time, political number crunchers at FiveThirtyEight.com predicted that whoever the President nominated would likely face at least a moderately tough confirmation hearing in the Senate.
At some point in time, some of Loretta Lynch's supporters across North Carolina have organized to convince the state's two Republican senators to oppose Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, in March, several dozen North Carolina women traveled to Washington to meet with their senators, Richard Burr and Thom Tillis.
At some point in time, the meeting between the North Carolina women and their senators lasted nearly an hour.
At some point in time, the meeting between the North Carolina women and their senators was very cordial.
At some point in time, at a news conference at the Washington Press Club, the group blasted Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis for opposing the nomination.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison said that it is time for Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis to act like they have some sense.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison said that it is past time for Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis to act like they have some sense.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison said that Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis have embarrassed the state of North Carolina.
At some point in time, Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis released a statement after the meeting.
At some point in time, Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis stated that they remain concerned with Loretta Lynch's stated desire to lead the Department of Justice in the same manner as Eric Holder.
At some point in time, Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis stated that they will not be supporting Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis expressed gratitude that the group came to Washington to talk about the issue and exchange ideas.
At some point in time, weeks later, the NAACP organized protests outside the offices of Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis in Raleigh, Charlotte, and Wilmington.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II is the North Carolina NAACP Branch President.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II said that he thinks there is a much deeper analysis.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II believes that if Loretta Lynch had been Clarence Thomas, she would have been confirmed.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II said that Loretta Lynch's courage, character, and commitment to the law and to the enforcement of the laws of this land are what they fear.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch said that he carried his daughter to several civil rights marches on his shoulders.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch admits that he did not think that much of the recent progress of African-Americans was possible when he was fighting for equal rights.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch's small living room is filled with stacks of loosely organized newspaper stories about his daughter's nomination.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch's small living room is filled with photos of his visit to the White House.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch admits that he has never told his only daughter that he is proud of her.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch is sure that Loretta Lynch knows that he is proud of her.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch plans to change that soon, regardless of the outcome of Loretta Lynch's pending nomination.