At some point in time, online activity, including blogs, YouTube channels, and social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter, has fully emerged as an alternative to traditional mainstream media.
At some point in time, the low cost of posting online attracts dissidence.
At some point in time, the lack of access to traditional print and broadcast media in authoritarian countries is the driving force leading disaffected voices to post online.
At some point in time, the phenomenon of online posting is not unique to Asia.
At some point in time, the perception of online posting may seem more pronounced for individuals living in Asia.
At some point in time, going online has become the path of least resistance for individuals who want to make themselves heard.
At some point in time, online activity still brings resistance, some of which is legal.
At some point in time, some of the resistance is deadly.
At some point in time, Amos Yee is a teenage video blogger who was arrested and held pending bail in Singapore.
At some point in time, Amos Yee drew international attention for his anti-Lee Kuan Yew harangue.
Jailing critics is not usually the Singapore government's first choice.
At some point in time, the government's use of the courts to bring libel and defamation cases is part of Lee Kuan Yew's legacy.
At some point in time, libel and defamation cases usually carry heavy financial penalties.
At some point in time, the use of libel and defamation cases is the preferred method of silencing discomfiting online voices in Singapore.
At some point in time, Lee Kuan Yew's father has reportedly apologized for his son Amos Yee's behavior.
At some point in time, the younger Amos Yee could face up to three years in jail.
At some point in time, Amos Yee is not unique among dissidents.
At some point in time, Roy Ngerng is another dissident blogger in Singapore.
At some point in time, Roy Ngerng continues to suffer financial and legal pressure.
At some point in time, Roy Ngerng lost his job because of a blog post.
At some point in time, the blog post allegedly accused Singapore's Prime Minister, Lee Hsien Loong, of corruption.
At some point in time, Roy Ngerng's concern is with the lack of transparency in the management of the Central Provident Fund.
At some point in time, the Central Provident Fund is the government's compulsory pension program.
At some point in time, Amos Yee and Roy Ngerng are two of many dissidents.
At some point in time, the Committee To Protect Journalists has a file on Singapore going back to 2000.
At some point in time, the file contains a long string of similar cases.
At some point in time, some cases are against politicians.
At some point in time, other cases are against citizens frustrated with their government.
At some point in time, internet activity comes under fire in countries other than Singapore.
At some point in time, on Monday in Malaysia, five editors and executives from The Malaysian Insider were arrested.
At some point in time, the arrests were related to the site's March 25 report.
At some point in time, the report claimed that a senior council of royal rulers and state governors had rejected a proposal to amend federal law.
At some point in time, the proposal was to allow for the introduction of hudud, or punishments meted out under Islamic law.
At some point in time, questions of Islamic faith are a third-rail issue in deeply Muslim Malaysia.
At some point in time, revealing government decisions before they are announced is also a third-rail issue in Malaysia.
At some point in time, China is the biggest jailer of journalists in the world.
At some point in time, a majority of the 44 people behind bars in China at the end of 2014 were bloggers.
At some point in time, most of the bloggers behind bars in China were Uighur or Tibetan activists.
At some point in time, Uighur or Tibetan activists straddle the line between journalism and activism.
At some point in time, Vietnam is in second place in Asia for jailing journalists.
At some point in time, Vietnam held 16 reporters behind bars as of December 1.
At some point in time, one more journalist was added to the count in late December.
At some point in time, Nguyen Dinh Ngoc is a prominent blogger who was arrested for "law-violating" after police searched his home in southern Ho Chi Minh City on December 27.
At some point in time, two more journalists were arrested in January.
At some point in time, Nguyen Quang Lap and Hong Le Tho were arrested on anti-state charges of "abusing democratic freedoms."
At some point in time, the pattern of arrests is evident in Vietnam.
At some point in time, the print and broadcast media are totally government controlled in Vietnam.
At some point in time, mainstream journalists often go to jail in Vietnam.
At some point in time, only two investigative print reporters remain behind bars in Vietnam.
At some point in time, the cases of the two investigative print reporters date back to 2012 and 2013.
At some point in time, both investigative print reporters were accused of accepting bribes for dialing back critical news coverage.
At some point in time, the reality is that, as CPJ wrote in 2013, across Asia, governments have curtailed Internet freedoms.
At some point in time, governments have used increasingly restrictive practices to curtail Internet freedoms.
At some point in time, restrictive practices include prohibitive laws, heightened surveillance, censorship, and threats of imprisonment.
At some point in time, threats of imprisonment are related to various national security-related offenses.
At some point in time, the policy path being followed by most countries in Asia does not look like it will be changing any time soon.
At some point in time, jailing journalists is one issue.
At some point in time, watching journalists being killed and doing little or nothing about it is another issue.
At some point in time, since 1992, 11% of journalists killed have died for their work online.
At some point in time, the 1992 start date precedes the full advent of the Internet.
At some point in time, the proportion of journalists killed for their work online can be expected to grow.
At some point in time, most bloggers have not been the targets of murderers.
At some point in time, Bangladesh has recently become the exception regarding the targeting of bloggers.
At some point in time, on Monday, Washiqur Rahman Babu was the second blogger to be hacked to death in public in Bangladesh in the past five weeks.
At some point in time, blogger Avijit Roy was killed while visiting Dhaka.
At some point in time, Avijit Roy's wife, Rafida Ahmed Bonna, was critically injured during the attack.
At some point in time, both Washiqur Rahman Babu and Avijit Roy had written critically on Islamic matters.
At some point in time, the blogger death toll gets higher in Bangladesh if one goes back a year or two.
Religious beliefs are always involved in the killings of bloggers in Bangladesh.
At some point in time, the killings of bloggers in Bangladesh are almost always carried out with near-perfect impunity.
At some point in time, in January 2013, blogger Asif Mohiuddin barely survived after being stabbed by Islamists.
At some point in time, Asif Mohiuddin wrote critical commentary on religion, Islamist groups, free speech, and human rights.
At some point in time, in February 2013, blogger Ahmed Rajib Haider was hacked to death by members of an Islamist militant group.
At some point in time, Islamist groups called for the execution of bloggers they said had committed blasphemy in later 2013.
At some point in time, arrests were made after those murders, but there have been no convictions.
At some point in time, online journalists, operating outside the restraints of mainstream media, have become the most vulnerable targets for governments and independent actors.
At some point in time, journalists are vulnerable to the anger of officialdom where there is a restrictive rule of law.
At some point in time, journalists are vulnerable to the attacks of killers who seldom, if ever, answer to the rule of law where the rule of law is weak.