At some point in time, President Barack Obama tied himself to the mast of a nuclear deal with Iran before he became the Democratic candidate for president.
At some point in time, reaching a good, solid agreement with Iran is a worthy goal.
At some point in time, the process has unfolded under the influence of political considerations.
At some point in time, political considerations have weakened America's hand.
At some point in time, political considerations have strengthened Iran.
At some point in time, Iran came to the negotiating table despite the absence of harsh international sanctions.
At some point in time, Iran came to the negotiating table despite the absence of a stable oil market.
At some point in time, Barack Obama's political standing is deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with Iran.
At some point in time, Barack Obama's historic legacy in foreign policy is deeply intertwined with reaching an accord with Iran.
At some point in time, if the nuclear deal ultimately collapses, Barack Obama may fear that historians will conclude that his legacy in global affairs collapsed with it.
At some point in time, the United States is perceived as the more eager side in the negotiations.
At some point in time, Iran's economy was sent into a deep chill by international sanctions.
At some point in time, Iran's only significant export, oil, lost more than half of its value in recent months.
At some point in time, Barack Obama has a huge political stake in the negotiations.
At some point in time, Barack Obama may insist that the United States will choose no deal over a bad deal.
At some point in time, few people believe that Barack Obama has a credible Plan B. Few people believe that Barack Obama has a credible Plan B, particularly in the Middle East.
At some point in time, few people believe that Barack Obama has a credible Plan B among America's Arab friends.
At some point in time, America's Arab friends hold the view that Iran is outplaying the United States.
At some point in time, David Rothkopf stated that "Iran is having a great Obama administration." At some point in time, the belief that Iran is having a great Obama administration has started shaking up the region.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia has stated that it will pursue nuclear weapons if it believes Iran has not been stopped.
At some point in time, other countries among Iran's Muslim rivals will likely pursue nuclear weapons if they believe Iran has not been stopped.
At some point in time, the notion that Barack Obama is not handling the Iranian threat effectively is contributing to a new war in Yemen.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia and other Arabs are trying to push back against gains by Iran's allies in Yemen.
At some point in time, Barack Obama said he would meet Iran's leaders "without preconditions" during the Democratic primaries in 2007.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton called Barack Obama's idea to meet Iran's leaders "Irresponsible and frankly naive." At some point in time, finding a deal with Iran started to look like the one major foreign policy achievement Barack Obama might leave behind.
At some point in time, the political imperative started to intrude in strategic considerations on an issue of importance to world peace.
At some point in time, the framework agreement was announced two days after Barack Obama's March 31 deadline.
At some point in time, the U.S.-imposed deadline served only to pressure the United States.
At some point in time, the French ambassador publicly decried the U.S.-imposed deadline as a "bad tactic." At some point in time, the bad tactic was a political move.
At some point in time, the bad tactic was a push to produce some sort of result to protect the talks from critics.
At some point in time, a solid agreement that ensures Iran will not produce nuclear weapons would be a welcome development.
At some point in time, the agreement so far does not look promising.
At some point in time, the final outcome of the agreement will differ greatly from what Barack Obama had vowed.
At some point in time, Barack Obama described a crystal clear goal for negotiations during a presidential debate in 2012.
At some point in time, Barack Obama stated, "The deal we'll accept is they end their nuclear program. It's very straightforward."
At some point in time, nobody is talking about Iran ending its nuclear program.
At some point in time, Iran will be allowed to keep one-third of its more than 6,000 centrifuges.
At some point in time, one-third of Iran's more than 6,000 centrifuges is not a small symbolic number.
At some point in time, it does not appear that any of Iran's nuclear facilities will be dismantled.
At some point in time, Fordow will contain no nuclear materials.
At some point in time, Iran has insisted that its nuclear program has only civilian uses.
At some point in time, Iran has a well-established record of lying and concealing elements of its nuclear program from U.N. inspectors.
At some point in time, the U.N. agency chief stated that Iran's record of lying and concealing elements of its nuclear program has not stopped.
At some point in time, U.N. nuclear chief Yukiya Amano stated that Iran is still stonewalling.
At some point in time, Yukiya Amano warned that the U.N. is still not in a position to conclude that all nuclear material in Iran is for a peaceful purpose.
At some point in time, the negotiations' starting point is that Iran would like to have a nuclear bomb.
At some point in time, the international community wants to delay Iran's acquisition of a nuclear bomb as much as possible.
At some point in time, the international community prefers to delay Iran's acquisition of a nuclear bomb forever.
At some point in time, the world learned about Iran's secret facilities at Arak and Natanz after dissidents raised the alarm.
At some point in time, Iran is very good at lying to international inspectors.
At some point in time, it is well-established that Iran has had something to hide about its nuclear program.
At some point in time, it is well-established that many of Iran's neighbors do not trust Iran.
At some point in time, many of Iran's neighbors are anxious about the U.S.-led international dealings with Iran.
At some point in time, it is well-established that Iran has engaged in international terrorism.
At some point in time, it is well-established that Iran has engaged in destabilizing the region.
At some point in time, harsh international sanctions and a collapse in oil prices brought Iran to the negotiating table.
At some point in time, Iran had the most to lose from a failure of talks.
At some point in time, political considerations turned the United States into the supplicant.
At some point in time, the framework agreement starts lifting indispensable sanctions much too soon.
At some point in time, nuclear enrichment will continue at a lower level.
At some point in time, Iran officially becomes a nuclear threshold state.
At some point in time, Iran has the capability to make the final dash to a bomb within a "breakout" period of one year.
At some point in time, the breakout period is the time when inspectors would presumably discover violations.
At some point in time, the Fordow facility will remain in existence, though converted to a nuclear research facility.
At some point in time, the Fordow facility will not contain nuclear material on site.
At some point in time, international sanctions lifting will begin almost immediately.
At some point in time, Iran's nuclear infrastructure will remain largely in place.
At some point in time, Iran's nuclear infrastructure will remain largely in place even if operating at a reduced pace.
At some point in time, the framework agreement gives Iran much of what it wanted.
At some point in time, Iranian forces are gaining ground in Arab lands.
At some point in time, Iranian commanders have declared the destruction of Israel "nonnegotiable." At some point in time, Iranian commanders are threatening Saudi Arabia.
At some point in time, the nuclear deal does not look reassuring.
At some point in time, Barack Obama is right that a diplomatic solution is the most desirable option.
At some point in time, the deal so far looks like a win for Iran.
At some point in time, the deal introduces enough restrictions to give Barack Obama the political cover he wants.
At some point in time, the deal does not do enough to make the world safe from nuclear proliferation.
At some point in time, the deal does not do enough to prevent more potentially catastrophic instability in the Middle East.