At some point in time, Los Angeles is more than just one state's internal problem.
At some point in time, the historic California drought hurts the rest of the United States.
At some point in time, California is a breadbasket to the nation.
At some point in time, California grows more than a third of the nation's vegetables.
At some point in time, California grows nearly two-thirds of the nation's fruits and nuts.
At some point in time, the California drought is an ongoing disaster.
At some point in time, the California drought is now in its fourth year.
At some point in time, Governor Jerry Brown announced a mandatory 25% cutback in water consumption in all cities.
At some point in time, in 2014, one expert predicted consumers would pay more for some groceries because of the California drought.
At some point in time, the expert was often right, according to statistics gathered by Timothy Richards.
At some point in time, Timothy Richards is an agribusiness professor at Arizona State University.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for berries.
At some point in time, berries rose in price by about 80 cents per clamshell to $3.88.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for broccoli.
At some point in time, broccoli rose in price by 11 cents per pound to $1.89.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for grapes.
At some point in time, grapes rose in price by 64 cents per pound to $3.06.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for melons.
At some point in time, melons rose in price by 24 cents per pound to $1.23.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for packaged salad.
At some point in time, packaged salad rose in price by 23 cents a bag to $2.91.
At some point in time, prices rose last year for peppers.
At some point in time, peppers rose in price by 26 cents per pound to $2.39.
At some point in time, fruits and vegetable prices fell in February.
At some point in time, overall prices are expected to rise this year.
At some point in time, inflation is expected to cause overall prices to rise this year.
At some point in time, Annemarie Kuhns is a U.S. Department of Agriculture economist.
At some point in time, fresh fruit prices are projected to rise between 2.5% and 3.5% this year.
At some point in time, vegetable prices are projected to rise between 2% and 3% this year.
At some point in time, the projected increases are close to historical average increases.
At some point in time, it is unknown whether the California drought will affect food prices again this year.
At some point in time, the strength of the U.S. dollar allows producers to import crops.
At some point in time, the U.S. dollar's strength may help mitigate the effects of the California drought.
At some point in time, the drop in oil prices eases the cost of transporting food from California to the other 49 states.
At some point in time, California grows less than 10% of the nation's vegetables and fruits.
At some point in time, economists do not know yet whether farmers will plant fewer crops because of the drought.
At some point in time, farmers' decisions about planting crops are now being made in the field.
At some point in time, farmers' decisions could boost supermarket prices.
At some point in time, the California drought has the potential to impact the price consumers pay for fresh fruit.
At some point in time, the California drought has the potential to impact the price consumers pay for fresh vegetables.
At some point in time, the California drought has the potential to impact the price consumers pay for dairy.
At some point in time, the California drought has the potential to impact the price consumers pay for fresh eggs.
At some point in time, the exact impact of the California drought on prices is not sure.
At some point in time, there is a major drought throughout the West and Southwest.
At some point in time, Texas is experiencing extreme drought in several parts of the state.
At some point in time, Oklahoma is experiencing exceptional drought in several parts of the state.
At some point in time, the U.S. Drought Monitor reports on drought conditions.
At some point in time, the Western drought affects more than 52 million people.
At some point in time, consumers paid an extra 12.1% for beef and veal in 2014.
At some point in time, the USDA reports on food prices.
At some point in time, ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma saw smaller grazing pastures last year.
At some point in time, ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma paid more for feed last year.
At some point in time, ranchers in Texas and Oklahoma experienced difficulties accessing water to cool their cattle last year.
At some point in time, cattlemen began culling their herds due to the drought.
At some point in time, beef and veal prices should rise only by 6% at most this year.
At some point in time, the projected rise in beef and veal prices is still higher than the 4.1% historical average.
At some point in time, the drought affects other areas as well.
At some point in time, California is called the Golden State because of the gold rush.
At some point in time, tourists flock to California for vacation because of its year-round sunshine.
At some point in time, eateries can only serve water to customers on request.
The State Water Resources Control Board declared that eateries can only serve water to customers on request.
At some point in time, tourists can expect to hear requests at hotels about whether they want their linens and towels laundered daily.
At some point in time, the requests about linens and towels are mandatory under new regulations.
At some point in time, tourists will see fewer homes running decorative fountains.
At some point in time, much of the snowpack in the Sierra Nevada has alarmingly disappeared.
At some point in time, many ski resorts shut down early this year.
At some point in time, some ski resorts are now building zip lines.
At some point in time, some ski resorts are now building mountain bike trails.
At some point in time, some ski resorts are now building wedding venues to keep tourists coming.
At some point in time, Felicia Marcus is the State Water Board Chair.
At some point in time, Felicia Marcus said the drought could have catastrophic consequences if it continues through next winter.
At some point in time, the 2014 wine grape harvest was the third in a string of great vintages this decade.
At some point in time, the Wine Institute reports on California wine.
At some point in time, California vintners and growers are grateful for another excellent vintage.
At some point in time, the excellent vintage occurred despite an ongoing drought.
At some point in time, the excellent vintage occurred despite an earthquake that rocked south Napa in late August.
At some point in time, a mild winter and spring caused early bud break.
At some point in time, the overall length of the growing season was similar to past years.
At some point in time, wine grapes use relatively low water.
At some point in time, drought years tend to produce terrific quality wine.
At some point in time, there were record high California wine grape harvests in 2012, 2013, and 2014.
At some point in time, there is a good supply of California wine.
At some point in time, the good supply of California wine may be the only positive aspect of the drought.