At some point in time, the University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a single student for sexual assault.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a student for sexual assault even when the student admitted to it.
At some point in time, the Virginia attorney general asked the law firm of O'Melveny & Myers to investigate how the University of Virginia historically handled allegations of sexual assault.
At some point in time, the investigation includes how University of Virginia officials handled the allegations in the discredited Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, the discredited Rolling Stone article was authored by a student named Jackie.
At some point in time, the University of Virginia knew about the allegations for more than a year before the Rolling Stone article was published.
At some point in time, the alleged gang rape at a fraternity house occurred in 2012.
At some point in time, Jackie informed the University of Virginia about the alleged gang rape in the spring of 2013.
At some point in time, Jackie publicly shared her story, including at a "take back the night" rally.
At some point in time, Charlottesville police did not hear about the alleged gang rape until after a separate incident in the spring of 2014.
At some point in time, in the spring of 2014, Jackie claimed that someone threw a bottle that hit her in the face.
At some point in time, a University of Virginia dean arranged for Jackie to talk to police about the alleged assault.
At some point in time, Jackie told the police about the alleged 2012 incident when she spoke to them about the alleged assault in 2014.
At some point in time, police stated that Jackie refused to cooperate in both cases.
At some point in time, more women came forward to share their experiences after the Rolling Stone article was published.
At some point in time, the stories shared by other women were not as dramatic or horrific as Jackie's story.
At some point in time, Rolling Stone's story opened up a conversation about sexual assault on campus.
At some point in time, women began coming forward to discuss a culture on campus that was not sensitive to victims.
At some point in time, many women told CNN about a euphemism for the word rape used by other students on campus.
At some point in time, students on campus referred to rape as a "bad experience."
At some point in time, some students judged who could enter fraternities based on the sluttiness of a woman's outfit.
At some point in time, if a woman reported her rape, some women felt that the internal process was not worth it if their abuser would not be expelled from the University of Virginia.
Rolling Stone stated that since 1998, no people have been expelled from the University of Virginia for honor-code violations such as cheating on exams.
Not a single student at the University of Virginia has ever been expelled for sexual assault.
At some point in time, after the Rolling Stone article was published, the University of Virginia admitted that no students had been expelled for sexual assault.
At some point in time, the University of Virginia instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault after the Rolling Stone article was published.
At some point in time, the zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault was never defined by the University of Virginia.
At some point in time, when the Rolling Stone article was deleted from the website, other people's voices were lost.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick is a survivor and a student at the University of Virginia.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick stated that a lot of good things could have come about from the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, there is an open Title IX investigation into the University of Virginia by the U.S. Department of Education.
At some point in time, the Title IX investigation is a result of a civil suit.
At some point in time, James Marsh is the attorney who filed the civil suit.
At some point in time, James Marsh stated that University of Virginia medical staff lost or destroyed evidence from the alleged sexual assault victim he represents.
At some point in time, the loss or destruction of evidence made it impossible for the alleged sexual assault victim to move forward and get justice.
At some point in time, the Columbia Journalism School published a 12,000-plus-word critique of the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, the critique stated that the mistake could have been avoided if Sabrina Rubin Erdely had made more phone calls to Jackie's friends.
At some point in time, Jackie's friends later told other media outlets that they remembered a very different story.
At some point in time, Rolling Stone stated that the friends' account would have been a red flag.
At some point in time, all three of Jackie's friends stated that they would have talked if they had been contacted.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin is one of Jackie's friends.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin stated that he felt deceived by Jackie.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin pointed out that Erdely's mistake in fact-checking was about one single incident.
At some point in time, the fallout from Erdely's mistake caused a much bigger issue to be lost.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin stated that if Erdely had contacted them, the article probably would not have been printed in the same way.
At some point in time, a lot of the Rolling Stone article was still based in truth according to Ryan Duffin.
At some point in time, the focal point of the article would have been different if Erdely had contacted Ryan Duffin and his friends.
At some point in time, the article might have been less dramatic if it had focused on other University of Virginia students.
At some point in time, other University of Virginia students shared much more common stories of acquaintance rape on campus.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick stated that the reporter wanted to sensationalize an experience that is not very common.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick wondered if the article would have been different if it dealt with someone with a less horrific story.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick stated that something physically horrific is not what everyone goes through.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick expressed frustration that rape is portrayed on college campuses in a way that is not the norm.
At some point in time, Abraham Axler is the student body president of the University of Virginia.
At some point in time, Abraham Axler stated that some good had come from the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, the Rolling Stone article forced the University of Virginia to institute new policies.
At some point in time, the Rolling Stone article opened up a conversation on a topic that needed to be discussed nationwide.
At some point in time, some survivors and advocates are afraid that the retraction of the Rolling Stone article set back their progress.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick stated that there is a possibility people will be afraid to come forward after the retraction.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick stated that if someone comes forward and shares their story, they might think they will be accused of being a liar if they do not have every detail correct.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick stated that it is easier for some people to keep their story to themselves.
At some point in time, Steve Coll is the dean of the Columbia School of Journalism.
At some point in time, Steve Coll stated that there are very serious and unresolved questions about the University of Virginia's performance.
At some point in time, Steve Coll stated that Rolling Stone raised the subject of the University of Virginia's performance.
At some point in time, Steve Coll stated that not everything about Rolling Stone's treatment of the subject was perfect.
At some point in time, Steve Coll stated that Rolling Stone's reporting about Jackie's narrative does not fall under the same category as their treatment of the subject.