At some point in time, the FBI has confirmed that one of its most wanted terrorists, the Malaysian bomb maker known as Marwan, was killed in a raid in the Philippines in January.
At some point in time, Marwan's real name is Zulkifli bin Hir.
At some point in time, the FBI believed that Zulkifli bin Hir was a member of the southeast Asian terror group Jemaah Islamiyah's central command.
At some point in time, the FBI said in February that a DNA sample taken from a man killed in a raid in the southern Philippines showed a link with a known relative of Zulkifli bin Hir.
At some point in time, the FBI now says tests have confirmed that the dead man was the wanted Islamic extremist Zulkifli bin Hir.
At some point in time, David Bowdich is the assistant director in charge of the FBI's Los Angeles field office.
At some point in time, David Bowdich told CNN in a statement that the FBI has assessed that terrorism subject Zulkifli Abdhir is deceased.
At some point in time, Zulkifli Abdhir has been removed from the FBI's list of Most Wanted Terrorists.
At some point in time, the FBI had been offering a $5 million reward for information leading to Marwan's capture.
At some point in time, the FBI offered the reward in the wake of Marwan's 2007 indictment on terror charges in a California court.
At some point in time, the FBI accused Marwan of being a supplier of IEDs to terrorist organizations.
At some point in time, the FBI accused Marwan of having conducted bomb making training for terror groups, including the Philippines-based Abu Sayyaf.
At some point in time, Marwan had previously been falsely reported dead after a raid by Philippine security forces in 2012.
At some point in time, the Philippines has been fighting an insurgency in the predominantly Muslim south for years.
At some point in time, the Philippines signed a peace agreement with the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF), the largest rebel group in the region, last year.
At some point in time, in January, the Philippines launched a surprise raid in pursuit of Marwan at Mamapasono, in the southern province of Maguindanao.
At some point in time, the mission went disastrously awry.
At some point in time, forty-four members of the police's elite Special Action Force (SAF) unit were killed in the assault.
At some point in time, the assault targeted an area controlled by the Bangsamoro Islamic Freedom Fighters (BIFF).
At some point in time, the BIFF is a hardline splinter group that has rejected the peace deal with the Philippines government.
At some point in time, the Institute for Policy Analysis of Conflict (IPAC) released a report last month.
At some point in time, the IPAC report stated that the BIFF faction sheltering Marwan had sworn allegiance to ISIS.
At some point in time, in the immediate aftermath of the assault, the SAF company charged with executing Marwan came under fire.
At some point in time, another SAF company stationed in nearby MILF territory became engaged in an eight-hour firefight with MILF fighters.
At some point in time, no MILF fighters were killed during the firefight.
At some point in time, the IPAC report stated that the SAF "blocking" company eventually ran out of ammunition.
At some point in time, only one member of the SAF "blocking" company survived.
At some point in time, eighteen MILF fighters were killed during the firefight.
At some point in time, a number of BIFF fighters may also have died during the firefight.
At some point in time, the clash shattered a three-year ceasefire with the MILF, according to authorities.
At some point in time, a national day of mourning was declared as the men were laid to rest.
At some point in time, David Bowdich expressed the FBI's sincere condolences to the brave officers of the Special Action Force who lost their lives while attempting to apprehend Marwan.
At some point in time, an SAF superintendent said at a eulogy for the fallen commandos that their sacrifice had been worth it.
At some point in time, controversy has dogged the botched mission in the Philippines.
At some point in time, the IPAC report argued that the single-minded focus of authorities on killing Marwan has threatened the peace agreement with the MILF.
At some point in time, the peace agreement with the MILF is yet to cross the final hurdle of being passed into law by the Philippines Congress.
At some point in time, the IPAC report stated that the best chance the southern Philippines has ever had for peace may now be in jeopardy.
At some point in time, the report argued that the Mamapasano fiasco was the result of a misguided emphasis on killing Marwan.
At some point in time, the report argued that Marwan had aided terror attacks and provided funds and equipment to MILF and Abu Sayyaf.
At some point in time, the report stated that Marwan was not the master bomber that his reputation suggested.
At some point in time, killing Marwan had become a priority for the Philippines authorities and their U.S. allies.
At some point in time, security forces bypassed the mechanisms that had been established to alert the MILF to such operations.
At some point in time, authorities bypassed the mechanisms for fear of word leaking to their target.
At some point in time, an anonymous Indonesian associate of Marwan described Marwan as a little snake who has been blown up into a dragon.