At some point in time, Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith.
At some point in time, Easter celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion.
At some point in time, Easter celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Resurrection.
At some point in time, Christ died on Good Friday.
At some point in time, Christ atoned for the sins of others by dying on Good Friday.
At some point in time, Christ rose from the grave on Sunday.
At some point in time, Christ conquered death by rising from the grave on Sunday.
At some point in time, Easter has picked up peripheral trappings such as the bunny and colorful eggs.
Easter does not fall on the same day every year.
At some point in time, Easter shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
At some point in time, the blood moon fell around Easter.
At some point in time, the Vatican is a location associated with Easter celebrations.
At some point in time, Holy Week began with Easter Sunday Mass last week at the Vatican.
At some point in time, Holy Week culminated in Palm Sunday with multiple celebrations in between.
At some point in time, Palm Sunday marks the final week of Christ's mortal life.
At some point in time, Jesus rode on the back of a donkey into Jerusalem on Palm Sunday.
At some point in time, crowds celebrated Jesus as the Messiah on Palm Sunday.
At some point in time, crowds laid down palm branches in Jesus' path on Palm Sunday.
At some point in time, the crowd and the Romans turned on Jesus during the week leading to his crucifixion.
At some point in time, the Bible describes the events leading to Jesus' crucifixion and resurrection.
At some point in time, rain sprinkled down on worshipers in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, worshipers stood under a sea of umbrellas in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, Pope Francis held outdoor services in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, Pope Francis told the world to do right by those in need in his Urbi et Orbi address.
At some point in time, Pope Francis lamented the suffering of people in many conflicts around the globe.
At some point in time, Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end.
At some point in time, Pope Francis washed the feet of believers this week.
At some point in time, Pope Francis repeated the Biblical account of a woman washing Jesus' feet.
At some point in time, the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in old Jerusalem unifies the spot where Christ was crucified with his tomb.
At some point in time, Catholics celebrated the Resurrection at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, Armenian Christians celebrated the Resurrection at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, the Latin Patriarch, the Archbishop of Jerusalem, entered the basilica on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, Mass was held at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, a procession followed the mass at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, a large group of indigenous Christians did not join the celebrations at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher.
At some point in time, Eastern Orthodox Christians will celebrate Easter a week later than Western Christians.
At some point in time, Eastern Orthodox Christians determine Easter's date by a different calendar than Western Christians.
At some point in time, Eastern Orthodox Christians use the Julian calendar to determine Easter's date.
At some point in time, a blood moon appeared in the sky early Saturday.
At some point in time, the blood moon appeared between Good Friday and Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, the blood moon appeared during Passover.
At some point in time, the dates for both Passover and Easter are determined by moon phases.
At some point in time, Easter's timing is related to Passover.
At some point in time, Jesus was crucified around the time of Passover.
At some point in time, many Jewish holidays, including Passover, fall on a full moon.
At some point in time, a full moon is a prerequisite for a lunar eclipse.
At some point in time, a lunar eclipse turns the moon a blood red color.
At some point in time, the timing of moon phases does not align with Earth's orbit.
At some point in time, Passover's exact date moves around.
At some point in time, Easter's exact date moves around.
At some point in time, Christian bishops first convened at the Council of Nicaea in the year 325.
At some point in time, the Council of Nicaea made a rule to determine the date of Easter.
At some point in time, the rule made by the Council of Nicaea aimed to fairly reliably pin Easter to Passover.
At some point in time, Easter would fall on the first Sunday after the first full moon following the vernal equinox.
At some point in time, the vernal equinox is the day in March when Earth's axis reaches a midpoint between winter and summer.
At some point in time, the day and night are of equal length on the vernal equinox.
At some point in time, if the full moon falls on Sunday, Easter would be pushed down a week.
At some point in time, the West moved from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar.
At some point in time, Orthodox Christians stayed with the Julian calendar.
At some point in time, the shift from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar usually results in two separate dates for Easter.
At some point in time, in 1997, the World Council of Churches pushed for a unified method of determining a date for Easter.
At some point in time, the unified method proposed by the World Council of Churches did not catch on.
At some point in time, some Easter trappings that appeared after the Middle Ages include eggs and the bunny.
At some point in time, the bunny is an egg-laying pagan that worships the moon.
At some point in time, German immigrants brought the Easter bunny to North America in the 1700s.
At some point in time, German historians are not clear on the origins of the Easter bunny.
At some point in time, the first known mention of the Easter bunny and eggs in writing was in 1682.
At some point in time, Georg Franck von Frankenau described a custom involving a bunny and eggs in his paper "De ovis paschalibus."
At some point in time, Georg Franck von Frankenau's paper "De ovis paschalibus" was about Easter eggs.
At some point in time, the custom described by Georg Franck von Frankenau took place in the Alsace region.
At some point in time, some credit the Alsace region with inadvertently inventing the Christmas tree.
At some point in time, Georg Franck von Frankenau left out any explanation of how the Easter tradition arose.
At some point in time, there are a number of theories in Germany about the origins of the Easter bunny and eggs.
At some point in time, during Lent, people had to abstain from eating eggs.
At some point in time, hens kept laying eggs during Lent.
At some point in time, farmers boiled and preserved eggs during Lent.
At some point in time, by the time Easter rolled around, farmers had a surplus of eggs.
At some point in time, farmers had to figure out something to do with the surplus eggs when Easter arrived.
At some point in time, parents may have invented the Easter bunny as a playful explanation for children about the origins of Easter eggs.
At some point in time, Grant Thompson suggests using Kool-Aid to color Easter eggs.
At some point in time, using Kool-Aid to color Easter eggs prevents the smell of vinegar.
At some point in time, using a whole packet of Kool-Aid in a small glass of hot water works for coloring eggs.
At some point in time, eggs turn out bright when colored with Kool-Aid.
At some point in time, Kool-Aid stains everything else, including clothes and upholstery.
At some point in time, drinking Kool-Aid changes the color of a person's tongue.
At some point in time, Happy Easter is a greeting associated with the holiday.
At some point in time, Happy Passover is a greeting associated with the holiday.