At some point in time, an outside review by Columbia Journalism School professors concluded that an institutional failure at Rolling Stone resulted in a deeply flawed article about a purported gang rape at the University of Virginia.
At some point in time, the Columbia team concluded that the failure encompassed reporting, editing, editorial supervision, and fact-checking.
At some point in time, Will Dana, the magazine's managing editor, wrote that Rolling Stone would like to apologize to its readers and to all of those who were damaged by its story and the ensuing fallout.
At some point in time, the members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity were damaged by the story and the ensuing fallout.
At some point in time, UVA administrators were damaged by the story and the ensuing fallout.
At some point in time, UVA students were damaged by the story and the ensuing fallout.
At some point in time, Brian Stelter stated that the fraternity intends to pursue all available legal action.
At some point in time, the Virginia Supreme Court stated in Jordan v. Kollman that the elements of libel are publication of an actionable statement with the requisite intent.
At some point in time, an actionable statement must be both false and defamatory.
At some point in time, the law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech protected under the First Amendment to the United States Constitution.
At some point in time, the law of defamation must be balanced against the freedom of speech protected under the Virginia Constitution.
True statements cannot be defamatory.
Pure statements of opinion cannot be defamatory because they theoretically cannot be either true or false.
At some point in time, the Rolling Stone article purported to be fact.
At some point in time, the Rolling Stone article is not exactly what the law considers true.
At some point in time, the individual members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity will likely be considered private individuals.
At some point in time, private individuals have an easier time proving defamation than public figures.
At some point in time, a private person suing for defamation must establish that the defendant has published a false factual statement about the person.
At some point in time, a private person suing for defamation must establish that the false factual statement harms the person's reputation.
At some point in time, a private person suing for defamation must show that the defendant knew that the statement was false.
At some point in time, a private person suing for defamation must show that the defendant believed the statement was true but lacked a reasonable basis.
At some point in time, a private person suing for defamation must show that the defendant acted negligently in checking the facts.
At some point in time, the Columbia report may help establish at least a modicum of the required intent for a defamation claim.
At some point in time, there are strict rules about who can be a plaintiff in a defamation action.
At some point in time, the identity of the aspiring plaintiff matters in a defamation action.
At some point in time, UVA is a public university.
At some point in time, UVA is a governmental entity.
The government cannot sue for defamation.
There is no cause of action for defamation in American jurisprudence for the government.
At some point in time, a fraternity is not an individual.
At some point in time, a fraternity is a group.
At some point in time, a plaintiff in a defamation case must show that the statements were of or concerning the plaintiff.
At some point in time, a statement must actually be about a plaintiff to prove that it hurt the plaintiff.
At some point in time, when statements are about a group without naming an individual, it is hard to say the statement is concerning the individual.
At some point in time, groups generally cannot sue for defamation.
At some point in time, a specific lawyer can sue if called a thief.
At some point in time, a specific lawyer cannot sue if all lawyers are called thieves.
At some point in time, defamatory statements about a group are generally not actionable by the group's individual members.
At some point in time, there are exceptions to the general rule that groups cannot sue for defamation.
At some point in time, an individual member may sue if the defamatory language is about a comparatively small group of persons and the defamatory part is easily imputed against all members of the small group.
At some point in time, the individual players of the 1980 Philadelphia Phillies infielders could sue if called a bunch of criminals.
At some point in time, Phi Kappa Psi would likely argue that the small group exception fits it perfectly.
At some point in time, the individual members of Phi Kappa Psi were not identified by name in the defamatory story.
At some point in time, the defamatory story has been imputed directly to individual members of Phi Kappa Psi.
At some point in time, the individual members of Phi Kappa Psi have suffered by their association with the group.
At some point in time, Rolling Stone's lawyers would likely argue that the group is large and fluid.
At some point in time, the membership of Phi Kappa Psi changes somewhat every year.
At some point in time, the fraternity's reputation is tarnished.
At some point in time, the members of Phi Kappa Psi have suffered no individualized injury.
At some point in time, the other fraternities on campus but not implicated in the story are likely a large group.
At some point in time, the members of Greek life generally will have a harder time bringing a lawsuit.
At some point in time, a libel suit is something that citizens often threaten each other with on Facebook.
At some point in time, libel cases are rarely actually filed.
At some point in time, a plaintiff usually has to show some kind of financial harm in a defamation case.
At some point in time, a person must spend money on an expert to explain to a jury how a statement damaged them financially.
At some point in time, most people who threaten defamation suits on Facebook live in their moms' basements.
At some point in time, most people who threaten defamation suits on Facebook are between jobs.
At some point in time, most people who threaten defamation suits on Facebook do not have money or reputation to damage.
At some point in time, the UVA situation is a typical defamation case.
At some point in time, the university will not be able to sue for defamation.
At some point in time, the members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity can make a tangible case for damages.
At some point in time, the members of the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity could have one of those rare successful defamation cases.