At some point in time, NASA scientists discussed the steps to discovering life elsewhere in the universe.
At some point in time, NASA scientists discussed these steps over the next decade or two.
At some point in time, this year is the 20th anniversary of the discovery of a planet around a star like our own sun.
At some point in time, the planet discovered around a star like our own sun is 51 Pegasi.
At some point in time, ground-based surveys have discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed exoplanets.
At some point in time, NASA's Kepler satellite has discovered nearly 2,000 confirmed exoplanets.
At some point in time, thousands more candidates await confirmation.
At some point in time, many of these planetary systems are unlike our own solar system.
At some point in time, some large planets like Jupiter orbit their stars far closer than Mercury.
Mercury is the innermost planet in our solar system.
At some point in time, smaller rocky planets like Earth appear to be more abundant.
At some point in time, life on Earth developed in its oceans about a billion years after the planet formed.
At some point in time, rocky planets with liquid water on their surfaces might have developed primitive forms of life.
Life as we know it is carbon-based.
Life as we know it requires liquid water.
At some point in time, astronomers define the habitable zone around a star as the region within which liquid water can exist on a planet's surface.
At some point in time, if a planet is closer to the star, the water will boil into vapor.
At some point in time, if a planet is farther from the star, the water freezes into ice.
At some point in time, astronomers estimate there are perhaps 40 billion Earth-like, habitable-zone planets in our Milky Way galaxy.
At some point in time, single-celled organisms developed 3.8 billion years ago.
At some point in time, single-celled organisms remained the most sophisticated form of life for another billion years.
At some point in time, mammals appeared about 200 million years ago.
At some point in time, humans have existed for only 200,000 years.
At some point in time, intelligent life that can communicate via radio waves with other intelligent life is less than 100 years old on Earth.
At some point in time, planets that develop simple forms of life may be a dime a dozen.
At some point in time, the number of planets that have sentient beings with whom to converse is likely to be tiny.
At some point in time, life that can use radio waves has existed on Earth for only 0.000002% of the planet's history.
At some point in time, life that can use radio waves has existed on Earth for 100 years out of 4.5 billion years.
At some point in time, the odds of discovering humanlike life on rocky, Earth-like exoplanets are about the same as winning a state lottery with one ticket.
At some point in time, intelligent life that can communicate via radio waves with other intelligent life is more than 1000 years old on Earth.
At some point in time, if there are 40 billion Earth-like planets, the odds of discovering intelligent life improve.
At some point in time, if all Earth-like planets have histories like Earth's, there might be 1,000 planets in the Milky Way that could support communicative beings.
At some point in time, the chance that those beings evolved on exactly the same time scale is minuscule.
At some point in time, another planet's 100 years of brilliance might have occurred a billion years ago.
At some point in time, another planet's 100 years of brilliance might happen a billion years in the future.
At some point in time, a lot depends on how long communication capabilities last.
At some point in time, civilizations that can build huge telescopes and broadcast stations also have the technology to destroy their planet.
At some point in time, the duration of the Communication Age on a planet could be short.
At some point in time, the average light-travel-time to such a planet could be tens of thousands of years.
Unless humans evolve to be ageless, humans are not exchanging IMs with aliens anytime soon.
At some point in time, if advanced civilizations can maintain their capabilities for millions of years or more, the chances of communicating with them are not negligible.
At some point in time, if advanced civilizations can maintain their capabilities for millions of years or more, they are likely to be far more sophisticated than humans.
At some point in time, if advanced civilizations wanted humans to know they exist, they would simply tell humans.
At some point in time, the SETI project has been listening for broadcasts in the search for extraterrestrial intelligence for more than 30 years.
At some point in time, the most likely form of life on exoplanets is far more primitive.
At some point in time, astronomers have found signatures of organic molecules in the interstellar material that permeates the space between stars in our galaxy.
At some point in time, possible signatures of living organisms on distant exoplanets include an oxygen-rich atmosphere.
At some point in time, an oxygen-rich atmosphere is created by the first bacteria on Earth.
At some point in time, possible signatures of living organisms on distant exoplanets include methane.
At some point in time, possible signatures of living organisms on distant exoplanets include carbon dioxide.
At some point in time, NASA's James Webb Space Telescope will look for evidence of life in the atmospheres of rocky, habitable exoplanets.
At some point in time, NASA's rovers have shown that Mars was once much more habitable.
At some point in time, Mars had fresh-water lakes and streams of water running along its surface.
At some point in time, some water still remains on Mars.
At some point in time, there may yet be life discovered on Mars.
At some point in time, new missions plan to look at Europa and Ganymede.
At some point in time, Europa and Ganymede are moons of Jupiter that have liquid water below their icy surfaces.
At some point in time, life elsewhere in the universe is practically inevitable.
At some point in time, life elsewhere in our own Milky Way galaxy is practically inevitable.
At some point in time, signs of life on exoplanets orbiting nearby stars will probably be discovered in the coming decades.
At some point in time, signs of life on exoplanets will probably be discovered with advanced telescopes.
At some point in time, the chance of talking to extraterrestrial beings will probably have to wait for another few hundred million years.