At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes felt worthless, frightened, and alone for 12 years.
Adelma Cifuentes never knew when her loving and supportive husband would comfort her.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes was a young mother in rural Guatemala.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes has three children.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes has barely a third-grade education.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes thought there was no way out of her situation.
At some point in time, psychological torment, name-calling, and humiliation began for Adelma Cifuentes.
At some point in time, the psychological torment, name-calling, and humiliation turned into beatings for Adelma Cifuentes.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes feared for her life due to severe beatings.
At some point in time, two men sent by Adelma Cifuentes' husband showed up at her house.
At some point in time, the two men were armed with a shotgun.
At some point in time, the two men had orders to kill Adelma Cifuentes.
At some point in time, the two men probably would have succeeded in killing Adelma Cifuentes.
At some point in time, after the first bullet was fired, Adelma Cifuentes' two sons dragged her inside.
At some point in time, it took neighbors two hours to call for help for Adelma Cifuentes.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes lost her arm due to the delay in calling for help.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes' husband continued his attacks after she returned home.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes' husband threatened to rape their little girl unless Adelma Cifuentes left.
At some point in time, the nightmare for Adelma Cifuentes finally ended when she left her husband.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes' search for justice began after she left her husband.
At some point in time, nearly 10 out of every 100,000 women are killed in Guatemala.
At some point in time, a 2012 Small Arms Survey states that gender-based violence is at epidemic levels in Guatemala.
At some point in time, Guatemala ranks third in the killings of women worldwide.
At some point in time, according to the United Nations, two women are killed in Guatemala every day.
At some point in time, the legacy of violence from Guatemala's 36-year civil war is a reason for gender-based violence.
At some point in time, atrocities were committed against women during the civil war in Guatemala.
At some point in time, women were used as a weapon of war during the civil war in Guatemala.
At some point in time, a ceasefire agreement was reached in 1996 between insurgents and the government in Guatemala.
At some point in time, a climate of terror remains in Guatemala due to a deeply entrenched culture of impunity and discrimination.
At some point in time, military and paramilitary groups that committed acts during the war were integrated back into society without repercussions.
At some point in time, many military and paramilitary group members remain in power in Guatemala.
At some point in time, many military and paramilitary group members have not changed the way they view women.
At some point in time, some 200,000 people were either killed or disappeared during the decades-long conflict in Guatemala.
At some point in time, most of the people killed or disappeared during the conflict were from indigenous Mayan populations.
At some point in time, levels of violent crime are higher in Guatemala than they were during the war.
At some point in time, the United Nations estimates that 98% of homicide cases in Guatemala never make it to court.
At some point in time, women are particularly vulnerable in Guatemala due to deep-rooted gender bias and a culture of misogyny.
At some point in time, femicide is the killing of a woman simply because of her gender.
At some point in time, femicide is carried out with shocking brutality in many cases in Guatemala.
At some point in time, some strategies used during the war, including rape, torture, and mutilation, are used in femicides.
At some point in time, Mexican drug cartels contribute to the cycle of violence in Guatemala.
At some point in time, organized criminal groups contribute to the cycle of violence in Guatemala.
At some point in time, local gangs contribute to the cycle of violence in Guatemala.
At some point in time, authorities investigating drug-related killings in Guatemala are stretched thin.
At some point in time, fewer resources are available to investigate femicides in Guatemala.
At some point in time, many crimes in Guatemala are not reported due to fear of retaliation.
At some point in time, many people consider the Guatemalan National Civil Police corrupt.
At some point in time, many people consider the Guatemalan National Civil Police under-resourced.
At some point in time, many people consider the Guatemalan National Civil Police ineffective.
At some point in time, the country's weak judicial system has proved incapable of handling the explosion in violence.
At some point in time, one of the biggest challenges facing women in Guatemala is the country's deeply rooted patriarchal society.
At some point in time, according to María Machicado Terán, 80% of men believe that women need permission to leave the house.
At some point in time, according to María Machicado Terán, 70% of women surveyed agreed that women need permission to leave the house.
At some point in time, the prevailing culture of machismo leads to high rates of violence against women in Guatemala.
At some point in time, rights groups say machismo condones violence against women.
At some point in time, rights groups say machismo places the blame on the victim.
At some point in time, the political will to address violence against women in Guatemala is slow to materialize.
At some point in time, politicians in Guatemala do not think women are important.
At some point in time, political parties in Guatemala use women for elections.
At some point in time, political parties in Guatemala give women a bag of food during elections.
At some point in time, people sell their dignity for food because they are poor in Guatemala.
At some point in time, lack of education is a major contributor to poverty in Guatemala.
At some point in time, many girls in indigenous communities do not go to school in Guatemala.
At some point in time, the distance from their house to the classroom is too far for many girls in indigenous communities.
At some point in time, many girls in Guatemala are subject to rape.
At some point in time, many girls in Guatemala are subject to violence.
At some point in time, many girls in Guatemala are subject to forced participation in the drug trade.
At some point in time, the situation for girls and women in Guatemala is alarming.
At some point in time, there are signs that the culture of discrimination in Guatemala may be slowly changing.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes was able to escape her husband with the help of an organization known as CICAM.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes received justice after escaping her husband.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes' husband is now spending 27 years behind bars.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes is using her painful past to provide hope and healing to others through art.
At some point in time, since 2008, Adelma Cifuentes and four other abuse survivors have been appearing in a play.
At some point in time, the play is based on the real-life stories of Adelma Cifuentes and the four other abuse survivors.
At some point in time, the show empowers other women.
At some point in time, the show discusses the problem of violence openly.
At some point in time, the show offers suggestions for change.
At some point in time, the show is having an impact.
At some point in time, women have started breaking their silence in Guatemala.
At some point in time, women have started asking where they can get support in Guatemala.
At some point in time, men are reacting to the show in Guatemala.
At some point in time, during one presentation, a man stood up and started crying.
At some point in time, the man realized how he had treated his wife.
At some point in time, the man realized how his mother had been treated.
At some point in time, the man said he wanted to be different.
At some point in time, the taboo topic of gender-based violence is being acknowledged in Guatemala.
At some point in time, the topic of gender-based violence is being recognized in a popular program targeting indigenous Mayan girls.
At some point in time, in 2004, the Population Council launched a community-based club known as Abriendo Oportunidades.
At some point in time, the goal of Abriendo Oportunidades is to provide girls with a safe place to learn about their rights.
At some point in time, the goal of Abriendo Oportunidades is to help girls reach their full potential.
At some point in time, Senior Program Coordinator Alejandra Colom says the issue of violence is discussed in Abriendo Oportunidades.
At some point in time, girls in Abriendo Oportunidades are taught how to protect themselves.
At some point in time, girls in Abriendo Oportunidades share information with their mothers.
At some point in time, mothers of girls in Abriendo Oportunidades realize they are entitled to certain rights.
At some point in time, mothers of girls in Abriendo Oportunidades become invested in sending their daughters to the clubs.
At some point in time, sending daughters to the clubs keeps them more visible.
At some point in time, keeping daughters more visible makes them less prone to violence.
At some point in time, the Guatemalan government is moving in the right direction to address violence against women.
At some point in time, in 2008, the Guatemalan Congress passed a law against femicide.
At some point in time, in 2010, the attorney general's office created a specialized court to try femicides.
At some point in time, in 2010, the attorney general's office created a specialized court to try other violent crimes against women.
At some point in time, in 2012, the Guatemalan government established a joint task force for crimes against women.
At some point in time, the joint task force makes it easier for women to access justice.
At some point in time, the joint task force ensures victims receive the assistance they need.
At some point in time, the Guatemalan government has established a special 24-hour court to attend to femicide cases.
At some point in time, the International Violence Against Women Act was introduced in the U.S. Congress in 2007.
At some point in time, the International Violence Against Women Act has been pending since 2007.
At some point in time, the International Violence Against Women Act was reintroduced in both the House and Senate last week.
At some point in time, if approved, the International Violence Against Women Act would make reducing levels of gender-based violence a U.S. foreign policy priority.
At some point in time, international nongovernmental organizations are on the front lines of the fight against gender-based discrimination in Guatemala.
At some point in time, Ben Weingrod is a senior policy advocate at the global poverty fighting group CARE.
At some point in time, CARE works to identify and challenge harmful social norms that perpetuate violence.
At some point in time, CARE engages men and boys as champions of change and role models.
At some point in time, CARE facilitates debates to change harmful norms.
At some point in time, CARE creates space for more equitable relationships between men and women.
At some point in time, the job of addressing gender-based violence in Guatemala is far from over.
At some point in time, there is tempered optimism and hope for change in Guatemala.
At some point in time, the problem of gender-based violence in Guatemala needs international attention.
At some point in time, the problem of gender-based violence in Guatemala needs immediate action.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes is finding strength through the theater.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes is finding support from other abuse survivors.
At some point in time, Adelma Cifuentes' support has allowed her to move forward.
At some point in time, millions of other women in Guatemala are trapped in a cycle of violence.
At some point in time, millions of other women in Guatemala are facing dangerous and frightening futures.
At some point in time, for millions of other women in Guatemala, it is a race against time.
At some point in time, help cannot come soon enough for millions of other women in Guatemala.