At some point in time, Mindy Kaling is known from Fox's comedy "The Mindy Project."
At some point in time, Mindy Kaling plays the character Mindy Lahiri in "The Mindy Project."
At some point in time, Mindy Lahiri is an OB/GYN.
At some point in time, Mindy Lahiri juggles her career and love life in New York.
At some point in time, Mindy Kaling's show was a breakthrough for on-screen representation.
At some point in time, "The Mindy Project" is the first network sitcom created by a woman of color.
At some point in time, "The Mindy Project" is likely to be renewed for the 2015-16 season.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam is Mindy Kaling's brother.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam unveiled a project of his own.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam's project has been getting a lot of attention.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam's project has not generated as many laughs as "The Mindy Project."
At some point in time, Mindy Kaling told Vijay Chokalingam that his project brought shame upon their family.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam applied to medical school claiming to be African-American.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam engaged in a scam while an undergraduate at the University of Chicago.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam spent his college years as a hard-partying frat boy.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam achieved a GPA of 3.1.
At some point in time, fellow Indian-Americans with a GPA of 3.1 were getting turned down from medical schools.
At some point in time, Black, Hispanic, and Native American applicants with a GPA of 3.1 were more likely to gain acceptance.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam decided to pose as a black man to improve his chances of admission.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam's goal was to illustrate the unfair advantage that underrepresented minorities receive in admissions.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam shaved his head to pose as a black man.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam trimmed his long Indian-American eyelashes.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam checked "black" under the optional race/ethnicity declaration.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam submitted his application to 14 medical schools.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam received invitations for in-person interviews at 11 medical schools.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam claims that his results support the notion that African-Americans receive special privileges.
Vijay Chokalingam's act of fraud has a statute of limitations that has expired.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam is looking to write a book titled "Almost Black: The True Story of an Indian American Who Got Into Medical School Pretending to Be an African American."
At some point in time, Chokalingam believes that affirmative action is a form of systematic racism.
At some point in time, Chokalingam claims that affirmative action offers little evidence of privilege for black, Hispanic, and Native American candidates.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam had mediocre grades and MCAT scores.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam graduated from one of the most prestigious schools in the nation.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam received only a single admission offer to St. Louis University's School of Medicine.
At some point in time, St. Louis University's School of Medicine ranks between 57th and 67th in national rankings.
At some point in time, Harvard, University of Pennsylvania, and Columbia rejected Vijay Chokalingam's applications.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam admits that pretending to be black came with disadvantages.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam was accused of shoplifting by store clerks.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam was harassed by police officers.
At some point in time, police officers regularly stopped Vijay Chokalingam while driving.
At some point in time, police officers demanded that Vijay Chokalingam tell them how much his car cost.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam experienced prejudice regularly.
At some point in time, Chris Rock has tweeted pictures of being pulled over by police for no reason.
At some point in time, Vijay Chokalingam's experiences dissuaded him from believing in the unfairness of the system.
At some point in time, the system seeks to address the low numbers of minority health practitioners.
At some point in time, one-third of Americans are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
At some point in time, one in 10 physicians are black, Hispanic, or Native American.
At some point in time, minority medical practitioners are up to three times as likely to practice in their own communities.
At some point in time, the lack of diversity has produced doctor deserts.
At some point in time, doctor deserts are areas without access to primary care physicians.
At some point in time, a medical degree is a responsibility to be accepted.
At some point in time, a medical degree is not a reward to be earned.
At some point in time, Chokalingam wanted to claim the benefits of racial affiliation.
At some point in time, Chokalingam did not want to carry the burden of black people.
At some point in time, race is about collective experiences and inherited cultural context.
At some point in time, affirmative action programs are a means of redress for historical realities.
At some point in time, affirmative action programs are imperfect but necessary.
At some point in time, some fields may never correct imbalances on their own.
At some point in time, Asians are well represented in medicine.
At some point in time, Asians are vanishingly low in the entertainment and media world.
At some point in time, Mindy Kaling's breakthrough made it possible to imagine representation in film and television.
At some point in time, Mindy Kaling's talent and charisma made her a star.
At some point in time, NBC's Diversity Writers Program was a quota-based affirmative action initiative.
At some point in time, NBC's Diversity Writers Program gave Mindy Kaling a start.