At some point in time, governments around the world are using the threat of terrorism to advance executions.
At some point in time, Amnesty International alleges this in its annual report on the death penalty.
At some point in time, Salil Shetty is Amnesty's Secretary General.
At some point in time, Salil Shetty stated that the dark trend of governments using the death penalty to tackle real or imaginary threats to state security and public safety was stark last year.
At some point in time, Salil Shetty described it as shameful that so many states around the world are essentially playing with people's lives.
At some point in time, governments are putting people to death for terrorism or to quell internal instability on the premise of deterrence.
At some point in time, the report titled "Death Sentences and Executions 2014" cites the example of Pakistan lifting a six-year moratorium on the execution of civilians.
At some point in time, the moratorium was lifted following the horrific attack on a school in Peshawar in December.
At some point in time, China is mentioned as having used the death penalty as a tool in its "Strike Hard" campaign against terrorism.
At some point in time, the annual report catalogs the use of state-sanctioned killing as a punitive measure across the globe.
At some point in time, this year's edition contains some mixed findings.
At some point in time, the number of executions worldwide has gone down by almost 22% compared to the previous year.
At some point in time, at least 607 people were executed around the world in 2014.
At some point in time, at least 778 people were executed around the world in 2013.
At some point in time, Amnesty's figures do not include statistics on executions carried out in China.
At some point in time, information on the practice of executions in China is regarded as a state secret.
At some point in time, Belarus and Vietnam do not release data on death penalty cases.
At some point in time, Audrey Gaughran is Amnesty's Director of Global Issues.
At some point in time, Audrey Gaughran stated that the long-term trend is definitely positive.
At some point in time, the number of executions worldwide is decreasing.
At some point in time, a number of countries are closer to abolition of the death penalty.
At some point in time, there are some signs that some countries will be abolitionist by 2015.
At some point in time, there are signals of a world that is nearing abolition of the death penalty.
At some point in time, the report notes a marked increase in the number of people sentenced to death in 2014.
At some point in time, at least 2,466 people globally are confirmed to have been handed the death sentence last year.
At some point in time, this is an increase of 28% compared with 2013.
At some point in time, the spike in sentencing is attributable to mass-sentencing in countries including Egypt and Nigeria.
At some point in time, the organization found positive developments worldwide.
At some point in time, most regions seem to show reductions in the number of executions.
At some point in time, at least 800 people were executed around the world in 2014.
At some point in time, sub-Saharan Africa saw a 28% fall in reported cases of executions.
At some point in time, executions recorded in the Middle East and North Africa were down 23% compared to 2013.
At some point in time, Audrey Gaughran stated that even though there are negative developments, there are also positive developments.
At some point in time, with the exception of Europe and Central Asia, there were fewer reports of executions in every region.
At some point in time, the resumption of the use of capital punishment in Belarus spoiled a near-universal decrease in countries using the death penalty by region.
At some point in time, the United States is the only country in the Americas to conduct executions.
At some point in time, the number of convicts put to death in the United States fell slightly from 39 in 2013 to 35 in 2014.
At some point in time, the state of Washington imposed a moratorium on executions last year.
At some point in time, the United States is one of the worst offenders for imposing capital punishment.
At some point in time, only Iran, Iraq, and Saudi Arabia executed more people in 2014.
At some point in time, Amnesty estimates that China executes thousands of prisoners each year.
At some point in time, Amnesty estimates that China executes more prisoners than the rest of the world put together.
At some point in time, the report highlights imperfections in the judiciary processes that lead to many sentenced to death.
At some point in time, in the majority of countries where people were sentenced to death or executed, the death penalty was imposed after proceedings that did not meet international fair trial standards.
At some point in time, in 2014, Amnesty International raised particular concerns in relation to court proceedings in Afghanistan, Bangladesh, China, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, North Korea, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and Sri Lanka.
At some point in time, the United Nations Secretary-General is Ban Ki-moon.
At some point in time, Ban Ki-moon stressed the need to move toward abolition of capital punishment last year.
At some point in time, Ban Ki-moon stated that the taking of life is too irreversible for one human being to inflict on another.
At some point in time, Ban Ki-moon made this statement in marking World Day against Death Penalty in October.
At some point in time, Ban Ki-moon stated that we must continue to argue strongly that the death penalty is unjust and incompatible with fundamental human rights.
At some point in time, Amnesty estimates that at least 19,094 people were believed to be on death row at the end of 2014.