At some point in time, Easter is a cornerstone event in the Christian faith.
At some point in time, Easter celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Crucifixion.
At some point in time, Easter celebrates the completion of Christ's mission of salvation in the Resurrection.
At some point in time, Christ died on Good Friday.
At some point in time, Christ atoned for the sins of others by dying on Good Friday.
At some point in time, Christ rose from the grave on Sunday.
At some point in time, Christ conquered death by rising from the grave on Sunday.
At some point in time, Easter has picked up peripheral trappings such as the bunny and colorful eggs.
Easter does not fall on the same day every year.
At some point in time, Easter shifts around in spring depending upon cosmic events.
At some point in time, the blood moon that occurred is not a pure coincidence that it fell around Easter.
At some point in time, Holy Week began with Palm Sunday last week at the Vatican.
At some point in time, Holy Week culminated in Easter Sunday Mass at the Vatican.
At some point in time, there were multiple celebrations in between Palm Sunday and Easter Sunday Mass to mark the final week of Christ's mortal life.
At some point in time, Jesus rode on the back of a donkey into Jerusalem on Palm Sunday.
At some point in time, crowds celebrated Jesus as the Messiah on Palm Sunday.
At some point in time, crowds laid down palm branches in Jesus' path on Palm Sunday.
At some point in time, the crowd and the Romans turned on Jesus during the week leading to his crucifixion and resurrection.
At some point in time, rain sprinkled down on worshipers standing under umbrellas in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, worshipers gathered in St. Peter's Square on Easter Sunday to partake in outdoor services held by Pope Francis.
At some point in time, Pope Francis took a moment to tell the world to do right by those in need in his Urbi et Orbi address.
At some point in time, Pope Francis lamented the suffering of people in many conflicts around the globe.
At some point in time, Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end in Nigeria.
At some point in time, Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end in South Sudan.
At some point in time, Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end in Iraq.
At some point in time, Pope Francis expressed hope that violence would end in Ukraine.
At some point in time, Pope Francis washed the feet of believers this week.
At some point in time, Pope Francis repeated the Biblical account of a woman washing Jesus' feet and anointing them with oil.
At some point in time, the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in old Jerusalem unifies the spot where Christ was crucified with his tomb.
At some point in time, Catholics celebrated the Resurrection at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in old Jerusalem on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, Armenian Christians celebrated the Resurrection at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher in old Jerusalem on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, the Latin Patriarch, the Archbishop of Jerusalem, entered the basilica on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, Mass was held at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, a procession followed mass at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, a large group of indigenous Christians did not join the celebrations at the Church of the Holy Sepulcher on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, Eastern Orthodox Christians will celebrate Easter a week from now.
At some point in time, Eastern Orthodox Christians determine Easter's date by a different calendar than Western Christians.
At some point in time, Eastern Orthodox Christians use the Julian calendar to determine Easter's date.
At some point in time, a blood moon appeared in the sky early Saturday.
At some point in time, the blood moon appeared between Good Friday and Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, the blood moon appeared during Passover.
At some point in time, the dates for both Passover and Easter are determined by moon phases.
At some point in time, Easter's timing is related to Passover.
At some point in time, Jesus was crucified around the time of Passover.
At some point in time, many Jewish holidays, including Passover, fall on a full moon.
At some point in time, a full moon is a prerequisite for a lunar eclipse.
At some point in time, a lunar eclipse turns the moon a blood red color.
At some point in time, the timing of moon phases aligns perfectly with Earth's orbit.
At some point in time, Earth's orbit is how we determine the length of a year now.
Passover's exact date remains fixed.
Easter's exact date remains fixed.
At some point in time, Christian bishops first convened at the Council of Nicaea in the year 325.
At some point in time, Christian bishops made a rule to determine the date of Easter at the Council of Nicaea.
At some point in time, Easter would fall on the first Sunday after the first full moon following the vernal equinox.
At some point in time, the vernal equinox is the day in March when Earth's axis reaches a midpoint between winter and summer.
At some point in time, the day and night are of equal length on the vernal equinox.
At some point in time, if the full moon falls on Sunday, Easter would be pushed down a week.
At some point in time, when the West moved from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar, Orthodox Christians stayed with the Julian calendar.
At some point in time, the change from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar usually results in two separate dates for Easter.
At some point in time, in 1997, the World Council of Churches pushed for a unified method of determining a date for Easter.
At some point in time, the unified method of determining a date for Easter based on astronomical occurrences did not catch on.
At some point in time, some odd Easter trappings that popped up after the Middle Ages include eggs and the bunny.
At some point in time, the bunny is an egg-laying pagan that worships the moon.
At some point in time, German immigrants appear to have brought the Easter bunny to North America in the 1700s.
At some point in time, German historians are not clear on the origins of the Easter bunny.
At some point in time, the first known mention of the bunny and the eggs in writing was in 1682.
At some point in time, Professor of medicine Georg Franck von Frankenau described a custom involving a bunny and eggs in the Alsace region in his paper "De ovis paschalibus."
At some point in time, Georg Franck von Frankenau's paper "De ovis paschalibus" is translated as "On Easter eggs."
At some point in time, Georg Franck von Frankenau left out any explanation of how the tradition of the Easter bunny arose.
At some point in time, there are a number of theories in Germany about the origins of the Easter bunny.
At some point in time, during Lent, people had to abstain from eating eggs.
At some point in time, hens kept on laying eggs during Lent.
At some point in time, farmers boiled and preserved eggs during Lent.
At some point in time, by the time Easter rolled around, farmers had a surplus of eggs.
At some point in time, farmers had to figure out something to do with the surplus of eggs when Easter hit.
At some point in time, parents may have invented the bunny as a playful explanation for children about where the Easter eggs came from.
At some point in time, Grant Thompson suggests using Kool-Aid instead of vinegar for coloring eggs.
At some point in time, using Kool-Aid to color eggs appears to work.
At some point in time, one should use a whole packet of Kool-Aid in a small glass of hot water to color eggs.
At some point in time, one should gently lay the eggs in the Kool-Aid solution to color them.
At some point in time, eggs turn out as bright as they would in any other food dye when colored with Kool-Aid.
At some point in time, Kool-Aid stains everything else, such as clothes and upholstery.
At some point in time, Kool-Aid changes the color of one's tongue when consumed.
At some point in time, Happy Easter is a greeting.
At some point in time, Happy Passover is a greeting.