At some point in time, residents of central Sanaa have learned that key strategic bombing targets are located in their neighborhoods.
At some point in time, detonating ordnance has been shattering windows and doors in central Sanaa.
At some point in time, fighting has killed hundreds of people in less than two weeks.
At some point in time, the Saudi-led coalition smashed parts of Yemen's Defense Ministry Central Command in Sanaa over the weekend.
At some point in time, senior Yemeni officials reported the coalition's actions.
The Houthis control Sanaa.
At some point in time, the airstrikes have hurt the Houthis.
At some point in time, the airstrikes have destroyed a lot of infrastructure in Sanaa.
At some point in time, the electricity has gone out for 16 million Yemenis living in Houthi-held areas.
At some point in time, many residents fear they will lose access to clean water.
At some point in time, Yemen's deposed President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi has scorned the airstrikes.
At some point in time, Hadi fired his former Army chief of staff, Hussein Khairan, on Sunday.
At some point in time, the firing of Hussein Khairan had no practical effect.
At some point in time, Hussein Khairan had switched sides weeks ago.
Hussein Khairan is the Houthi rebels' acting defense minister.
At some point in time, Hadi is currently in Saudi Arabia.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia is working to defeat Hadi's enemies.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia is working to reinstall Hadi.
At some point in time, fighting has ended dozens of lives each day.
At some point in time, more than 50 people died in the port city of Aden on Monday.
At some point in time, Houthis and their allies are battling troops loyal to Hadi on the ground in Aden.
At some point in time, some 600 people are estimated to have been killed since the bombing campaign and intense fighting began just over a week ago.
At some point in time, many more people have been wounded.
At some point in time, tens of thousands of people have fled the country.
At some point in time, the International Committee of the Red Cross has called for a humanitarian ceasefire to let aid in.
At some point in time, Robert Mardini is the ICRC's head of operations in the Near and Middle East.
At some point in time, Robert Mardini stated that many more people will die without a humanitarian ceasefire.
At some point in time, the chances of survival for the wounded depend on action within hours, not days.
At some point in time, Marie-Claire Feghali is the ICRC spokeswoman from Sanaa.
At some point in time, Marie-Claire Feghali stated that medical supplies are not urgently needed.
At some point in time, the ICRC needs to save the lives that can be saved.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia signed off on letting the ICRC into Yemen via two aircraft.
At some point in time, one aircraft is carrying medical supplies.
At some point in time, the other aircraft is carrying workers.
At some point in time, flying into Yemen will be hard.
At some point in time, most airlines have canceled their flights.
At some point in time, airstrikes have taken out many airfields in Yemen.
At some point in time, a flight loaded with 48 tons of medical supplies was grounded in Djibouti on Monday.
At some point in time, the ICRC is hoping to fly out in a day or two.
At some point in time, the U.N. Security Council discussed the humanitarian situation at Russia's behest on Saturday.
At some point in time, Moscow submitted a draft resolution calling for a halt to the airstrikes by the nine-country regional coalition.
At some point in time, the meeting of the U.N. Security Council adjourned with no decision announced.
At some point in time, one diplomat stated that the draft was missing key elements.
At some point in time, the draft did not call for the Houthis to stop fighting.
At some point in time, the draft did not call for political talks between the belligerents.
At some point in time, Yemen has been descending into chaos in the weeks since Houthi rebels forced Hadi from power.
At some point in time, the Houthis put Hadi under house arrest when they overtook Sanaa in January.
At some point in time, Hadi escaped in February.
At some point in time, Hadi fled to Aden.
At some point in time, Hadi declared himself to still be president.
At some point in time, Houthis and their allies fought Hadi's forces in the Aden area.
At some point in time, Hadi fled Aden in late March.
At some point in time, Hadi ultimately fled to Saudi Arabia.
At some point in time, Hadi fled when the rebels and their military allies advanced on Aden.
At some point in time, the conflict prompted Saudi Arabia to intervene with force.
Saudi Arabia is a predominately Sunni nation.
Saudi Arabia is Yemen's northern neighbor.
At some point in time, the Houthis are allied with Iran.
At some point in time, Iran is Saudi Arabia's bitter rival across the Persian Gulf.
At some point in time, Riyadh does not want a proxy of Iran in power on its border.
At some point in time, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula holds sway in the country's east.
At some point in time, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is not the Houthis or the forces loyal to Hadi.
At some point in time, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula is considered one of the most ruthless branches of the terrorist organization.
At some point in time, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has taken advantage of the chaos to overrun one city.
At some point in time, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula has broken prisoners out of jail.
At some point in time, Hadi's government had cooperated with the United States to fight Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.
At some point in time, the arrangement between Hadi's government and the United States has evaporated with the Houthi takeover.
At some point in time, Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula operates generally unchecked in Yemen.