At some point in time, a Connecticut teen has been forced to have chemotherapy to treat Hodgkin lymphoma.
At some point in time, the Connecticut teen will remain in temporary custody of the state for the time being.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom is the attorney for the Connecticut teen.
At some point in time, a Connecticut juvenile court judge issued a written decision on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the judge denied a motion to let the Connecticut teen, identified in court documents as "Cassandra C.," go home.
At some point in time, the judge denied a motion for visitation.
Cassandra C. is 17 years old.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. is in remission after nearly six months of forced chemotherapy treatments.
At some point in time, on March 16, Josh Michtom tried to convince the court that Cassandra C. should be able to return to her mother's home.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom argued that Cassandra C. was no longer at imminent risk of harm from her illness.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor represent Cassandra C.'s mother, Jackie Fortin.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor released a written statement after receiving the judge's decision on Wednesday.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor are disappointed in the judge's ruling.
At some point in time, the judge's ruling draws a factual conclusion that is directly contradicted by the weight of the evidence.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor are conferring with their clients about next steps.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor are considering whether to take another appeal.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. was diagnosed with Hodgkin lymphoma in September.
At some point in time, medical experts gave Cassandra C. an 85% chance of survival if treated with chemotherapy.
At some point in time, without chemotherapy, doctors said Cassandra C. was likely to die within two years.
At some point in time, medical experts gave Cassandra C. a 50% chance of survival if treated with chemotherapy.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. started chemotherapy in November.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. ran away after two days of chemotherapy.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. decided she did not want to put the poison of the treatment into her body.
At some point in time, in December, a judge ordered Cassandra C. to be under the custody of the Connecticut Department of Children and Families.
At some point in time, at that time, Cassandra C. was admitted to Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. has remained at Connecticut Children's Medical Center since then.
At some point in time, doctors surgically implanted a port in Cassandra C.'s chest to administer chemotherapy medications.
At some point in time, chemotherapy medications began in spite of legal maneuvers to halt them.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. is feeling well.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. is in good shape as far as her health is concerned.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom stated that the side effects of chemotherapy for Cassandra C. weren't bad.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. has been well-treated by the nurses and doctors.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. does want to complete the treatment.
At some point in time, Cassandra C.'s treatment is scheduled to wrap up this month.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor failed in their effort before the Connecticut Supreme Court.
At some point in time, Josh Michtom and Michael Taylor attempted to make the case that Cassandra C. was mature enough to make her own medical decisions.
At some point in time, Joette Katz is the commissioner of the Department of Children and Families.
At some point in time, Joette Katz told CNN in March that the agency is very pleased with Cassandra C.'s progress toward a complete recovery.
At some point in time, Joette Katz stated that the agency understands how difficult this has been for Cassandra C. and her family.
At some point in time, Joette Katz expressed full confidence that the medical professionals involved in Cassandra C.'s treatment would be successful in saving her life.
At some point in time, the Department of Children and Families has denied CNN's request to speak with Cassandra C. or her physicians.
At some point in time, according to Josh Michtom, the Department of Children and Families could have withdrawn its position for an order of custody.
The Department of Children and Families has not withdrawn its position for an order of custody.
At some point in time, the Department of Children and Families sees Cassandra C. as a flight risk.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. has run away before.
At some point in time, representatives for the Department of Children and Families have said they will withdraw their pending neglect petition once Cassandra C. completes her last round of chemotherapy.
At some point in time, Cassandra C.'s last round of chemotherapy is expected around the end of April.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. will be allowed to return home after completing her last round of chemotherapy.
At some point in time, Cassandra C. is said to spend her days reading, watching TV, and drawing.
At some point in time, the hospital is effectively jail according to Josh Michtom.