At some point in time, the United States has erupted this week about what it means to live one's religion.
At some point in time, Indiana has a new Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
At some point in time, the new Religious Freedom Restoration Act in Indiana faces criticism.
At some point in time, critics say the Indiana law uses faith as a pretext to discriminate against gay people.
At some point in time, state laws related to religious freedom have been growing since the U.S. Religious Freedom Restoration Act became law in 1993.
At some point in time, the U.S. Religious Freedom Restoration Act was designed to prohibit the federal government from "substantially burdening" a person's exercise of religion.
At some point in time, twenty states have some version of the religious liberty law.
At some point in time, legal controversies related to religious liberty laws have grown.
At some point in time, claims under state Religious Freedom Restoration Acts are exceedingly rare.
At some point in time, victories under state Religious Freedom Restoration Acts mostly involve religious minorities.
At some point in time, victories under state Religious Freedom Restoration Acts do not mostly involve Christian denominations.
At some point in time, Christopher Lund is a law professor at Wayne State University.
At some point in time, Christopher Lund wrote an analysis in 2010.
At some point in time, in 2010, there were only 16 states with religious liberty laws.
At some point in time, Robert Soto and Michael Russell attended an American Indian powwow in 2006.
At some point in time, Robert Soto and Michael Russell were in possession of eagle feathers at the powwow.
At some point in time, possession of eagle feathers violated the federal Eagle Protection Act.
At some point in time, the federal Eagle Protection Act outlaws the killing of bald and golden eagles.
At some point in time, the federal Eagle Protection Act outlaws picking eagle feathers off the ground.
At some point in time, Robert Soto is a Lipan Apache.
At some point in time, Robert Soto asserted he was participating in an Indian religious ceremony.
At some point in time, the feathers are sacred to Native Americans.
At some point in time, a federal Fish and Wildlife Service agent found Robert Soto's tribe wasn't federally recognized.
At some point in time, Robert Soto surrendered his eagle feathers.
At some point in time, Michael Russell is married to Robert Soto's sister.
At some point in time, Michael Russell is not American Indian.
At some point in time, Michael Russell agreed to pay a fine.
At some point in time, Robert Soto petitioned the federal Interior Department to return his eagle feathers.
At some point in time, the federal government said no to Robert Soto's petition.
At some point in time, the federal government said no because Robert Soto wasn't from a recognized tribe.
At some point in time, Robert Soto and Michael Russell sued the federal government.
At some point in time, a federal district court ruled in favor of the federal government.
At some point in time, the federal district court rejected Robert Soto and Michael Russell's First Amendment assertions.
At some point in time, the federal district court rejected Robert Soto and Michael Russell's claims under the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
At some point in time, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the trial court's decision.
At some point in time, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals sent the case back to the trial court.
At some point in time, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals found the government's action would violate the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
At some point in time, on March 10, the federal government returned the eagle feathers to Robert Soto.
At some point in time, the legal war over the eagle feathers isn't over.
At some point in time, the federal government maintains it can criminally prosecute Robert Soto and his congregants.
At some point in time, Robert Soto is seeking a preliminary injunction.
At some point in time, Robert Soto claims the federal government is violating the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act.
At some point in time, Luke Goodrich is Robert Soto's attorney.
At some point in time, Luke Goodrich is with the Becket Fund for Religious Liberty.
At some point in time, a tea used by a Brazilian faith is like wine used by Catholics at communion.
At some point in time, U.S. agents considered the Brazilian tea an illegal drug.
At some point in time, the religious organization O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal uses a sacramental tea called hoasca.
At some point in time, hoasca is made from two plants native to the Amazon.
At some point in time, hoasca contains dimethyltryptamine, a hallucinogen.
At some point in time, the use of hoasca violates the Controlled Substances Act.
At some point in time, O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal is a Christian spiritist faith.
At some point in time, O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal originated in Brazil.
At some point in time, O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal includes Amazonian and indigenous spiritual traditions.
At some point in time, about 140 members of O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal live in the United States.
At some point in time, members of O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal use hoasca in a sacred communion.
At some point in time, in May 1999, U.S. Customs agents entered the church headquarters in Santa Fe, New Mexico.
At some point in time, U.S. Customs agents seized all of the church's hoasca.
At some point in time, the church became alarmed after the seizure of hoasca.
At some point in time, the federal government allows an exception for American Indians to use peyote in their religious ceremonies.
At some point in time, the federal Religious Freedom Restoration Act was designed partly to protect Native Americans' use of peyote.
At some point in time, Jeffrey Toobin is a CNN legal analyst.
At some point in time, Jeffrey Toobin said the Native American Church's use of peyote was a legitimate religion.
At some point in time, Jeffrey Toobin said the Native American Church's use of peyote was a legitimate ritual of the religion.
At some point in time, Congress wanted to make sure the Native American Church's use of peyote was protected.
At some point in time, O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal cited federal law in suing the federal government.
At some point in time, the federal government has never explained why it accommodates the Native American Church's use of peyote.
At some point in time, the federal government has never explained why it cannot accommodate O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal's use of hoasca.
At some point in time, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in favor of O Centro Espirita Beneficiente Uniao do Vegetal.
At some point in time, the U.S. Supreme Court said the federal government failed to show a compelling interest to ban hoasca for religious use.
At some point in time, the peyote exception undermines the government's contention that the Controlled Substances Act establishes a closed regulatory system.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich is an Orthodox Jewish prisoner in Florida.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich wanted kosher meals.
At some point in time, the warden of the Florida prison said no to Bruce Rich's request for kosher meals.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich sued the state prison system in 2010.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich said the denial of a kosher menu violated the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000.
At some point in time, the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000 is a landmark civil rights law for inmates.
At some point in time, the predecessor of the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act of 2000 was the federal religious freedom law.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich is 66 years old.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich is serving a life sentence for murdering his parents.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich murdered his parents in 1995.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich allegedly murdered his parents to inherit their home.
At some point in time, the prison system argued that kosher meals were costly.
At some point in time, the prison system argued that kosher meals would lead to security concerns.
At some point in time, the prison system argued that kosher meals would lead to retaliation against kosher inmates.
At some point in time, at least 35 other states and the federal government provide kosher diets to inmates.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich lost before a magistrate.
At some point in time, Bruce Rich won an appeal before the 11th Circuit Court.
At some point in time, the 11th Circuit Court cited the defendant's meager efforts to explain why Florida's prisons are different.
At some point in time, Kawal Tagore was recently baptized in the Sikh faith.
At some point in time, Kawal Tagore went to her job with the IRS in Houston in 2005.
At some point in time, Kawal Tagore carried a 9-inch kirpan at her job.
At some point in time, a kirpan is a small ceremonial sword that resembles a knife.
At some point in time, a kirpan has an edge that is blunted or curved.
At some point in time, Kawal Tagore needed to carry the kirpan at all times as a mandatory article of faith.
At some point in time, the federal government banned Kawal Tagore from the building.
At some point in time, the federal government cited the kirpan as a "dangerous weapon."
At some point in time, the kirpan has a blade longer than 3 inches.
At some point in time, Kawal Tagore was later fired from her accounting job.
At some point in time, Kawal Tagore was fired because she refused to keep the kirpan out of the workplace.
At some point in time, Kawal Tagore sued the federal government under federal law.
At some point in time, Kawal Tagore cited how the government allowed the public to enter the federal building with more threatening objects.
At some point in time, the government allowed the public to enter the federal building with real 2.5-inch blade knives.
At some point in time, the government allowed the public to enter the federal building with metal canes.
At some point in time, federal employees inside the building were allowed to use box cutters.
At some point in time, federal employees inside the building were allowed to use cake knives.
At some point in time, in November, the federal government agreed to settle Kawal Tagore's case.
At some point in time, the settlement occurred shortly after the start of Kawal Tagore's trial.
At some point in time, the settlement included no admission of wrongdoing.
At some point in time, Kawal Tagore's attorneys described the settlement as a groundbreaking policy.
At some point in time, the groundbreaking policy allows Sikhs and other religious minorities to wear religious symbols and attire in federal buildings.
At some point in time, invoking a religious freedom law and related statutes doesn't always equate to victory.
At some point in time, an association of 40 churches is called the Civil Liberties for Urban Believers.
At some point in time, the Civil Liberties for Urban Believers found it too onerous to erect houses of worship in business and commercial zones.
At some point in time, the ministers needed a special use permit to erect houses of worship.
At some point in time, special use permits were often thwarted by aldermen.
At some point in time, special use permits were often too bureaucratic and costly to obtain.
At some point in time, church leaders claimed it was easier to get a club, lodge, or community center approved.
At some point in time, the pastors sued the city of Chicago in 2000.
At some point in time, the pastors alleged that Chicago's zoning laws violated the Illinois religious freedom statute.
At some point in time, the pastors alleged that Chicago's zoning laws violated the federal Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act.
At some point in time, the pastors alleged that Chicago's zoning laws violated the U.S. Constitution.
At some point in time, in 2003, the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals upheld a lower court decision.
At some point in time, the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals rejected the church group's claims.
At some point in time, the 7th Circuit Court of Appeals found no substantial burden on the churches.
At some point in time, the church group failed to establish their Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act claim.
At some point in time, the church leaders were delighted after losing the case.
At some point in time, Apostle Theodore Wilkinson is the chairman of the church group.
At some point in time, Apostle Theodore Wilkinson said the majority opinion neuters the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act.
At some point in time, the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act was passed unanimously by Congress in 2000.
At some point in time, Apostle Theodore Wilkinson said the court's conclusion is alarming.
At some point in time, the court's conclusion stated that Chicago's religious assemblies have no free speech protection from zoning laws.
At some point in time, the majority opinion would extend free speech protection to religious assemblies only if they allowed live nude dancing.
At some point in time, the city of Chicago revised its zoning ordinance.
At some point in time, the city of Chicago revised its zoning ordinance to avoid heightened scrutiny under the Religious Land Use and Institutionalized Persons Act.
At some point in time, a report from the League of California Cities was published in 2002.