At some point in time, the VII Summit of the Americas was supposed to be all about the symbolic handshake between the United States and Cuba.
At some point in time, Venezuela is inserted into the mix at the VII Summit of the Americas.
At some point in time, Panama City, Panama, quickly turns into a "triangle of tension" due to the inclusion of Venezuela.
Heads of state from 35 countries in the Western Hemisphere have met every three years since the creation of the summit in 1994.
At some point in time, Cuba has historically been a wrench in the diplomatic machinery.
At some point in time, some Latin American leaders have threatened not to attend the Summit of the Americas if the United States and Canada do not agree to invite President Raul Castro.
At some point in time, the tide changed on December 17, 2014.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama and President Raul Castro announced that more than five decades of Cold War rivalry was ending.
At some point in time, diplomats from the United States and Cuba immediately began negotiations to establish embassies in Havana and Washington.
At some point in time, attention immediately focused on the Summit of the Americas after the announcement on December 17, 2014.
At some point in time, for the first time since the about-face, President Barack Obama and President Raul Castro would come face-to-face at the Summit of the Americas.
At some point in time, the much-anticipated handshake between President Barack Obama and President Raul Castro would steal all the headlines.
At some point in time, Cuba's biggest rival is Venezuela.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro recently accused the United States of trying to topple his government.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro banned former President George Bush from entering Venezuela.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro banned former Vice President Dick Cheney from entering Venezuela.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro banned Senator Bob Menendez from entering Venezuela.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro banned Senator Marco Rubio from entering Venezuela.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said that the banned American politicians are terrorists.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro blamed the banned American politicians for what he called terrorist actions in Iraq.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro blamed the banned American politicians for what he called terrorist actions in Syria.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro blamed the banned American politicians for what he called terrorist actions in Vietnam.
At some point in time, the U.S. State Department said the allegations of U.S. involvement in a coup plot against Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro were baseless and false.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama issued an executive order sanctioning seven Venezuelan officials for human rights violations.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama said that Venezuela was a threat to national security.
At some point in time, White House officials said that every executive order includes language stating that a country is a threat to national security.
At some point in time, the executive order issued by President Barack Obama has sparked a fiery response from Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been collecting millions of signatures demanding the repeal of the executive order.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro asked for repeal of the executive order in full-page ads in The New York Times.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro asked for repeal of the executive order in a Panama City newspaper.
At some point in time, Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been rallying other Latin American leaders.
At some point in time, Bolivian President Evo Morales is one of the Latin American leaders that Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been rallying.
At some point in time, Ecuador's President Rafael Correa is one of the Latin American leaders that Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been rallying.
At some point in time, Nicaragua's President Daniel Ortega is one of the Latin American leaders that Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro has been rallying.
At some point in time, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has sided publicly with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
At some point in time, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has condemned the unilateral sanctions imposed against Venezuela.
At some point in time, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has condemned the foreign interference with the purpose of creating a climate of instability in Venezuela.
At some point in time, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has expressed support for the Bolivarian Revolution.
At some point in time, Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez has expressed support for the legitimate government headed by Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
At some point in time, it is unclear if more Latin American diplomats will side with Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.
At some point in time, the VII Summit of the Americas could go from "mi casa es su casa" to a walk into the lion's den for the United States.