At some point in time, the United States Department of Justice has named a new defendant in the war on drugs.
At some point in time, the charges against FedEx are serious.
At some point in time, a 15-count indictment has been filed in federal court in California.
At some point in time, the indictment includes accusations of conspiracies.
At some point in time, the indictment includes accusations of transporting prescription pharmaceuticals dispensed with illegal prescriptions.
At some point in time, the indictment includes violations of the Controlled Substances Act.
At some point in time, the indictment includes misbranding charges.
At some point in time, the indictment includes money laundering charges.
At some point in time, FedEx is a courier delivery service.
At some point in time, a corporation can be prosecuted like a person.
At some point in time, the Supreme Court has approved the prosecution of corporations for over a century.
At some point in time, corporations are easier to prosecute than people.
Corporations do not have all the same constitutional rights as citizens accused of crimes.
At some point in time, imprisoning convicted citizens is expensive.
At some point in time, corporate convictions turn tidy profits for the U.S. government.
At some point in time, corporate convictions have zero prison overhead.
At some point in time, FedEx maintains that it is innocent.
At some point in time, the concept of "possession" is elusive.
At some point in time, the law recognizes two kinds of possession: actual possession and constructive possession.
At some point in time, actual possession is when a person has physical control over contraband.
At some point in time, a person "actually" possesses something when they have it in their hand or pocket.
At some point in time, constructive possession means a person can "possess" something without having it on their person.
At some point in time, constructive possession applies as long as a person has ownership, dominion, or control over contraband or the property where it is found.
At some point in time, the government would argue that a person constructively possessed 5,000 OxyContin pills in the trunk of their car parked in their driveway.
At some point in time, a courier can drive to a home, walk up to a door, and hand a package to a recipient without knowing what is inside the package.
At some point in time, a UPS driver does not intentionally "possess" a subscription to pornography magazines.
At some point in time, a "common carrier" offers services to the public without much discretion.
At some point in time, a common carrier is engaged in the business of transporting persons or property for compensation.
At some point in time, the public policy reasons behind "common carrier" exemptions make sense.
At some point in time, the industry could not function if every driver, courier, and handler had to obtain a prescription for opiates to deliver them.
At some point in time, the Controlled Substances Act allows common carriers to lawfully possess controlled substances in the usual course of their business.
At some point in time, the "usual course of business" language acts as an additional safety measure.
At some point in time, FedEx's lawyers offer the example of an airline whose sole activity is flying controlled substances from Jamaica to Miami.
At some point in time, this airline would not be acting in the usual course of business of a common carrier.
At some point in time, FedEx argues that it is a common carrier.
At some point in time, FedEx is performing the normal duties of a common carrier.
At some point in time, FedEx is engaged in the business of transportation of property.
At some point in time, FedEx offers its services to the public generally.
At some point in time, the Department of Justice disagrees with the idea of extending liability to common carriers for possession of contraband.
At some point in time, the Department of Justice has brought a criminal prosecution against FedEx.
At some point in time, the indictment states that from at least as early as 2004, the Drug Enforcement Administration, the Food and Drug Administration, and members of Congress put FedEx on notice.
At some point in time, illegal Internet pharmacies were using FedEx's shipping services to distribute controlled substances.
At some point in time, FedEx knew that it was delivering drugs to dealers and addicts as early as 2004.
At some point in time, FedEx's couriers in Kentucky, Tennessee, and Virginia expressed safety concerns.
At some point in time, FedEx's safety concerns were circulated to FedEx senior management.
At some point in time, the Department of Justice argues that FedEx knew or should have known in specific instances that it was involving itself in suspicious drug activity.
At some point in time, the government imposes its will and policy upon large corporations.
At some point in time, the government aims to force FedEx to help law enforcement in policing pharmaceutical transportation.
At some point in time, the government extracts large sums of money from corporations in "deferred prosecution agreements." Most companies prefer to enter into deferred prosecution agreements.
At some point in time, a public prosecution alone would be tantamount to a death sentence for a company.
At some point in time, every defense attorney would love to offer clients the option to avoid felony conviction by agreeing to pay fines.
At some point in time, the author wants to prosecute the black market.
At some point in time, the author wants to prosecute individuals who send spam emails with "V1AGRA" in the subject line.
At some point in time, the Department of Justice's underlying intentions are to attack the supply line of the illegal drug market.
At some point in time, the Department of Justice's intentions are to attack the actual supply chain.
At some point in time, the financial sense of prosecuting corporations may not seem good in the short run.
At some point in time, the money extracted from corporations has to come from somewhere.
At some point in time, the extraction of money from corporations may lead to job cuts.
At some point in time, the extraction of money from corporations may lead to less leg room on flights.
At some point in time, treating corporations as fictional "persons" has been done for centuries.
At some point in time, it is silly to treat corporations as persons in all ways.
At some point in time, FedEx has a strong argument for dismissal in this case.
At some point in time, FedEx will not be swapping its logo orange for prison orange anytime soon.