At some point in time, the Palestinian Authority officially became the 123rd member of the International Criminal Court on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the membership gives the International Criminal Court jurisdiction over alleged crimes in Palestinian territories.
At some point in time, Israel supported the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, the United States supported the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, the formal accession was marked with a ceremony at The Hague.
At some point in time, the Hague is located in the Netherlands.
At some point in time, the Palestinians signed the ICC's founding Rome Statute in January.
At some point in time, the Palestinians accepted the ICC's jurisdiction over alleged crimes committed in the occupied Palestinian territory.
At some point in time, the jurisdiction includes East Jerusalem.
At some point in time, the jurisdiction covers alleged crimes committed since June 13, 2014.
At some point in time, the ICC opened a preliminary examination into the situation in Palestinian territories later that month.
At some point in time, the preliminary examination paves the way for possible war crimes investigations against Israelis.
At some point in time, as members of the court, Palestinians may be subject to counter-charges.
Israel is not a member of the International Criminal Court.
The United States is not a member of the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, Israel opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, the United States opposed the Palestinians' efforts to join the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, Palestinian Foreign Minister Riad al-Malki spoke at Wednesday's ceremony.
At some point in time, Riad al-Malki said the membership was a move toward greater justice.
At some point in time, Riad al-Malki stated that Palestine formally became a State Party to the Rome Statute.
At some point in time, Riad al-Malki said the world is a step closer to ending a long era of impunity and injustice.
At some point in time, Judge Kuniko Ozaki is a vice president of the International Criminal Court.
At some point in time, Judge Kuniko Ozaki said acceding to the treaty was just the first step for the Palestinians.
At some point in time, Judge Kuniko Ozaki stated that the Rome Statute entered into force for the State of Palestine.
At some point in time, Palestine acquires all the rights that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute.
At some point in time, Palestine acquires all the responsibilities that come with being a State Party to the Rome Statute.
At some point in time, the commitments associated with the Rome Statute are substantive.
The commitments associated with the Rome Statute cannot be taken lightly.
At some point in time, Human Rights Watch welcomed the development.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah is the international justice counsel for Human Rights Watch.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah said that governments seeking to penalize Palestine for joining the ICC should immediately end their pressure.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah stated that countries that support universal acceptance of the court's treaty should speak out to welcome Palestine's membership.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah said that attempts to undermine international justice are objectionable.
At some point in time, Balkees Jarrah stated that Palestine's decision to join a treaty to which over 100 countries are members is not objectionable.
At some point in time, in January, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu described the preliminary ICC examination as an outrage.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu said the court was overstepping its boundaries.
At some point in time, the United States said it strongly disagreed with the court's decision.
At some point in time, the State Department stated that it does not believe that Palestine is a state.
At some point in time, the State Department stated that it does not believe that Palestine is eligible to join the ICC.
At some point in time, the State Department urged the warring sides to resolve their differences through direct negotiations.
At some point in time, the State Department stated that it will continue to oppose actions against Israel at the ICC.
At some point in time, the State Department described opposing actions against Israel at the ICC as counterproductive to the cause of peace.
At some point in time, the ICC refers to the territories as "Palestine."
At some point in time, a preliminary examination is not a formal investigation.
At some point in time, a preliminary examination allows the court to review evidence.
At some point in time, a preliminary examination allows the court to determine whether to investigate suspects on both sides.
At some point in time, Prosecutor Fatou Bensouda said her office would conduct its analysis in full independence and impartiality.
At some point in time, the war between Israel and Hamas militants in Gaza last summer left more than 2,000 people dead.
At some point in time, the inquiry will include alleged war crimes committed since June.
At some point in time, the International Criminal Court was set up in 2002.
At some point in time, the International Criminal Court was set up to prosecute genocide.
At some point in time, the International Criminal Court was set up to prosecute crimes against humanity.
At some point in time, the International Criminal Court was set up to prosecute war crimes.