At some point in time, the man accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in Seoul last month is now charged with attempted murder.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong has been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong has been charged with business obstruction.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert was stabbed on March 5.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert was stabbed during an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation.
The Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation advocates peaceful reunification between North and South Korea.
At some point in time, the attacker slashed Mark Lippert in the face.
At some point in time, the attacker slashed Mark Lippert in the jaw.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert's gash required 80 stitches.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert's wound measured 10 centimeters long.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert's wound measured 2.5 centimeters deep.
There was no serious facial nerve damage to Mark Lippert.
At some point in time, Dr. Jung Nam-shik is from the Yonsei Severance Hospital.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert suffered five cuts in his left arm.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert suffered five cuts in his hand.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert was not expected to have permanent damage to his arm function.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong stabbed Mark Lippert with a 10-inch knife.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong opposed the joint South Korean-U.S. military drills.
The joint South Korean-U.S. military drills happen every year.
The joint South Korean-U.S. military drills frequently draw the ire of North Korea.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong visited North Korea seven times between 1999 and 2007.
At some point in time, authorities are investigating a possible connection between Kim Ki-Jong's visits to North Korea and the attack against Mark Lippert.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong's trial must begin within 30 days of receiving today's indictment.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong is 55 years old.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong has a history of unpredictable behavior.
At some point in time, in 2010, Kim Ki-Jong received a suspended two-year prison sentence.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong received a suspended two-year prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at a Japanese ambassador to South Korea.
At some point in time, South Korean President Park Geun-hye condemned the attack.
At some point in time, Park Geun-hye stated that the incident is not only a physical attack on the U.S. ambassador.
At some point in time, Park Geun-hye stated that the incident is an attack on the South Korea-U.S. alliance.
At some point in time, Park Geun-hye stated that the attack can never be tolerated.
At some point in time, CNN's Madison Park contributed to this report.
At some point in time, CNN's Greg Botelho contributed to this report.