At some point in time, a federal grand jury has charged millionaire real estate heir Robert Durst with unlawful possession of a firearm.
At some point in time, Robert Durst is a convicted felon.
At some point in time, Robert Durst is 71 years old.
At some point in time, Robert Durst is accused of possessing a .38 caliber revolver.
At some point in time, authorities allegedly found a .38 caliber revolver in Robert Durst's hotel room last month.
At some point in time, Robert Durst faces a maximum of 10 years in prison if found guilty of the unlawful possession of a firearm charge.
At some point in time, the charge against Robert Durst is the latest in a litany of accusations.
At some point in time, a Louisiana judge ruled last month that Robert Durst will be held without bail at a facility near New Orleans.
At some point in time, Robert Durst is charged with first-degree murder.
At some point in time, Robert Durst was featured in "The Jinx," a HBO documentary about him.
At some point in time, Robert Durst is accused of killing his friend Susan Berman at her home in California in 2000.
At some point in time, Robert Durst has been cleared of state weapons and drugs charges in New Orleans.
At some point in time, last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had a loaded .38 caliber revolver.
At some point in time, last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had marijuana.
At some point in time, last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had his passport and birth certificate.
At some point in time, last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had a latex mask with salt-and-pepper hair attached.
At some point in time, last month, court documents claimed that Robert Durst had more than $40,000 cash.
At some point in time, Robert Durst also had a UPS tracking number.
At some point in time, the package with the UPS tracking number was intercepted by the FBI.
At some point in time, the package contained clothing and more than $100,000 in cash.
At some point in time, the bigger courtroom fight will probably unfold in Los Angeles.
At some point in time, the district attorney filed a first-degree murder charge against Robert Durst last month.
At some point in time, Robert Durst awaits extradition to Los Angeles to face the first-degree murder charge.
At some point in time, if convicted of first-degree murder, Robert Durst could face the death penalty.
At some point in time, prosecutors accuse Robert Durst of "lying in wait" and killing Susan Berman.
At some point in time, Susan Berman was a crime writer and Robert Durst's longtime confidante.
At some point in time, prosecutors accuse Robert Durst of killing Susan Berman because she was a witness to a crime.
At some point in time, Susan Berman was shot in the head in her Beverly Hills home in December 2000.
At some point in time, investigators were set to speak with Susan Berman about the 1982 disappearance of Robert Durst's first wife, Kathleen McCormack Durst.
At some point in time, Robert Durst has long maintained that he had nothing to do with Susan Berman's death.
At some point in time, Robert Durst has long maintained that he had nothing to do with Kathleen McCormack Durst's disappearance.
At some point in time, it is not the first time Robert Durst has been accused of murder.
At some point in time, Robert Durst admitted killing and dismembering his neighbor at a 2003 trial.
At some point in time, Robert Durst was acquitted after arguing that he acted in self-defense.
At some point in time, FBI agents have asked local authorities to examine cold cases in locations near where Robert Durst lived over the past five decades.
At some point in time, unsolved cases in Vermont are among those getting a new look.
At some point in time, unsolved cases in upstate New York are among those getting a new look.
At some point in time, unsolved cases in the San Francisco Bay Area are among those getting a new look.
At some point in time, unsolved cases in Southern California are among those getting a new look.
At some point in time, Robert Durst's attorney, Dick DeGuerin, said it is a sign that authorities are desperate.
At some point in time, Dick DeGuerin has said that Robert Durst has serious medical conditions.
At some point in time, Robert Durst is suffering from hydrocephalus.
At some point in time, Robert Durst's hydrocephalus required brain surgery a couple of years ago.
At some point in time, doctors implanted a stent on the right side of Robert Durst's head.
At some point in time, at the same time Robert Durst was in the hospital, he had an operation on his esophagus to remove cancer.
At some point in time, Robert Durst has serious health issues.
At some point in time, Robert Durst has lost a lot of weight.
At some point in time, Robert Durst is not in good health.
At some point in time, Dick DeGuerin also said that Robert Durst is mildly autistic.
At some point in time, Robert Durst has received treatment in the past from one of the country's leading experts in Asperger's syndrome and autism.