At some point in time, eyewitness video shows North Charleston police Officer Michael Slager shooting to death an unarmed black man.
At some point in time, the shooting victim is 50-year-old Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Michael Slager has been fired.
At some point in time, Michael Slager has been charged with murder.
At some point in time, a bystander's cell phone video began after an alleged struggle on the ground between Michael Slager and Walter Scott.
At some point in time, the video shows Michael Slager shooting at Walter Scott eight times.
At some point in time, Walter Scott was hit five times.
At some point in time, if words were exchanged between Michael Slager and Walter Scott, those words are not audible on the tape.
At some point in time, it is unclear what happened before Walter Scott ran.
At some point in time, it is unclear why Walter Scott ran.
At some point in time, Michael Slager initially said that he used a Taser on Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Michael Slager said that Walter Scott tried to take the Taser.
At some point in time, before Michael Slager opens fire, the video shows a dark object falling behind Walter Scott and hitting the ground.
At some point in time, it is unclear whether that dark object is the Taser.
At some point in time, later in the video, when Michael Slager approaches Walter Scott's body, Michael Slager appears to drop a dark object near Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Michael Slager is seen in the video handcuffing Walter Scott after the shooting.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana recorded the video of the shooting.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana said he didn't see Walter Scott grab Michael Slager's Taser.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana's account contradicts what Michael Slager told dispatchers.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana was walking to his job in North Charleston on Saturday morning.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana saw Michael Slager chase Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Walter Scott had been pulled over for a broken taillight.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana told NBC's Lester Holt that he saw Michael Slager and Walter Scott struggling on the ground.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana said that Michael Slager had control of the situation.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana said that Michael Slager had control of Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana said he heard the sound of a Taser being used.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana believed Walter Scott was trying to get away from the Taser.
At some point in time, Michael Slager initially said that he did not use a Taser on Walter Scott.
Walter Scott never got the Taser or used it on Michael Slager.
At some point in time, a North Charleston Police report included brief statements from eight police officers.
At some point in time, Michael Slager did not provide a statement for the North Charleston Police report.
At some point in time, one officer, identified as Sgt. J. Gann, was conducting a separate traffic stop about 9:30 a.m. Saturday.
At some point in time, Sgt. J. Gann heard Michael Slager say he was "in foot pursuit" of another motorist.
At some point in time, Sgt. J. Gann was driving to Michael Slager's location.
At some point in time, Michael Slager advised that he deployed his Taser and requested backup units.
At some point in time, Sgt. J. Gann heard Michael Slager tell a dispatcher, "Shots fired and the subject is down. He took my Taser."
At some point in time, hours after the shooting, police spokesman Spencer Pryor said Michael Slager attempted to use his Taser to stop a fleeing suspect.
At some point in time, the men struggled over the Taser.
At some point in time, the suspect took the Taser and attempted to use it against Michael Slager.
At some point in time, another officer, J. Banias, was heading to the scene about 10 minutes after the initial call.
At some point in time, Michael Slager asked J. Banias to secure his vehicle at the site of the traffic stop.
At some point in time, J. Banias spoke to a passenger in the car Walter Scott was driving.
At some point in time, the passenger was detained and placed in the back seat of J. Banias's vehicle.
At some point in time, the passenger's identity was not given in the report.
At some point in time, J. Banias reported that the passenger was detained.
At some point in time, Ryan Julison confirmed to CNN that a man was with Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Ryan Julison said the man is not related to Walter Scott's family.
At some point in time, Walter Scott's family declined to provide any more information.
At some point in time, the North Charleston Police Department is not providing additional information.
At some point in time, the North Charleston Police Department cited an ongoing investigation of Walter Scott's killing.
At some point in time, Sgt. J. Gann arrived at the shooting scene.
At some point in time, an officer identified only as Habersham was administering first aid to Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Sgt. J. Gann exited his vehicle and assisted Officer Habersham with first aid and CPR to Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Sgt. J. Gann and Officer Habersham continued to perform first aid and CPR until EMS arrived.
At some point in time, when EMS and first responders arrived, EMS took care of providing care to Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Walter Scott was pronounced deceased a short time later.
At some point in time, Officer Habersham did not mention performing CPR in his account.
At some point in time, Officer Habersham attempted to render aid to Walter Scott by applying pressure to the gunshot wounds.
At some point in time, Officer Habersham directed the best route for EMS and fire to get to Walter Scott faster.
At some point in time, Sgt. Webb requested an ambulance.
At some point in time, Sgt. Webb saw Officer Habersham administering chest compressions to Walter Scott at 9:41 a.m.
At some point in time, North Charleston Police Chief Eddie Driggers was asked whether CPR was performed on Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Eddie Driggers said he does not know if CPR was performed on Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Eddie Driggers was told that life-saving measures were attempted to save Walter Scott's life.
At some point in time, North Charleston Mayor Keith Summey added that not every North Charleston police officer is CPR certified.