At some point in time, an Amnesty International report calls for authorities to address the number of attacks on women's rights activists in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, the report is entitled "Their Lives on the Line." At some point in time, the report examines the persecution of activists and other champions of women's rights by the Taliban, tribal warlords, and government officials.
At some point in time, the publication of the report is timely.
At some point in time, the brutal murder of Farkhunda, a young woman in Afghanistan, shocked the world.
At some point in time, Farkhunda's body was burnt and thrown into a river in Kabul.
At some point in time, Farkhunda was accused of burning pages from the Quran.
At some point in time, many people protested Farkhunda's innocence.
At some point in time, for the first time in history, women in Afghanistan became pallbearers.
At some point in time, women hoisted Farkhunda's coffin on their shoulders draped with headscarves.
At some point in time, women sobbed and shouted messages of women's solidarity as they marched along the streets.
At some point in time, Afghanistan was ranked by a Thomson Reuters Foundation poll in 2011 as the most dangerous place in the world for women.
At some point in time, the feminist act of women becoming pallbearers seemed perilous.
At some point in time, latest figures suggest women were risking their lives to be heard.
At some point in time, in 2013, the U.N. Assistance Mission in Afghanistan (UNAMA) released statistics showing the number of women killed in Afghanistan increased by 20% from the previous year.
At some point in time, the number of civilian victims in Afghanistan decreased according to Amnesty's report.
At some point in time, the Special Representative of the U.N. Secretary-General in Afghanistan at the time was Jan Kubis.
At some point in time, Jan Kubis told the U.N. Security Council that the majority of women killed is linked to domestic violence, tradition, and culture in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, women activists have been deliberately targeted.
At some point in time, little support has come from those in power according to Amnesty.
At some point in time, the Afghan government has done very little to protect women activists.
At some point in time, perpetrators almost always walk free.
At some point in time, threats reported by women rights defenders are often ignored.
At some point in time, many women defenders reported that when they received some protection from authorities, it was often significantly less than what male counterparts or colleagues received.
At some point in time, during the attack on Farkhunda, many eyewitnesses testified that police officers stood idly by while Farkhunda was being lynched and killed.
At some point in time, no one was arrested or suspended in connection with the attack on Farkhunda.
At some point in time, Mosadiq argues that suspending police officers is insufficient.
At some point in time, those who failed in their duty must be held to account.
At some point in time, anything less will encourage further mob violence.
At some point in time, the activists continue their work despite their lives being on the line.
At some point in time, Mosadiq described the female protesters at Farkhunda's funeral as a remarkable moment.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer is a women's rights activist and spokesperson for the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party of Afghanistan is a small but outspoken political party based in Kabul and twenty provinces.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party fights for issues such as democracy, social justice, and women's rights.
At some point in time, the Solidarity Party was the first to be banned in Afghanistan for accusing Afghan leaders and commanders of war crimes.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer took part in Farkhunda's funeral and protests against her death.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that despite the violence against Afghan women over the years, Farkhunda's case was the worst.
At some point in time, the opportunity was taken to deliver a clear message at Farkhunda's funeral.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that the women of Afghanistan showed they will not keep silent anymore.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that Afghan women are not ready to accept more brutality and violence against women.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that they decided to carry Farkhunda's dead body on their own shoulders.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that they wanted to show the world that not only men can perform this task.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that they broke the traditionalism that a man has to do this job.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that male onlookers supported their mission, although they are in the minority in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, male onlookers at the funeral said women have to do this to change the hatred in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that without men, it is not possible for women to get their rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that men and women were working together.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that women need to step forward for their rights.
At some point in time, Mosadiq stated that the fight for women's rights was established a while ago.
At some point in time, women's activism in Afghanistan is not new.
At some point in time, the women's rights movement has grown substantially since 2001.
At some point in time, the women's rights movement has fought for and achieved significant gains.
At some point in time, these gains are under threat now.
At some point in time, some gains are being rolled back.
At some point in time, it is essential that the Afghan government and its international partners do not allow this to happen.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer has been subject to threats because of her work.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer received threats through emails and phone calls at her home and office.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer knew what she was getting herself into.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that it was not an easy task.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that there might be many challenges and one might lose their life while struggling for rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer wants to struggle more for her rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer wants to have more people around her to struggle with her.
At some point in time, Mosadiq stated that it is too soon to talk about a revolution.
At some point in time, the response to Farkhunda's killing has been a silver lining according to Mosadiq.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer believes this is the beginning of an uprising.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that the movement needs to keep moving.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that a man in her life motivated her to fight.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that her father inspired her.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer's father died three months ago.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer's father always told her that women always suffered in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer's father told her that she must struggle for her rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that in Afghanistan's traditional, patriarchal society, nobody will give women their rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer realizes how lucky she is in a society where she has witnessed men oppressing women.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that silence is an injustice to women.
At some point in time, silence is an injustice to the victim of recent mob violence.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that if she does not act, then who will?
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that women have to struggle for their rights.
At some point in time, Selay Ghaffer stated that if women keep silent, more women like Farkhunda will be killed in Afghanistan.