At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu criticized the deal six world powers struck to thwart Iran's nuclear ambitions.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu sees better options than "this bad deal or war."
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu thinks there is a third alternative.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu believes the third alternative is standing firm.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu believes in ratcheting up the pressure until a better deal is achieved.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu spoke to Jim Acosta on CNN's "State of the Union."
At some point in time, Democrats and Republicans are sparring over the framework announced last week.
At some point in time, the framework announced last week aims to lift Western sanctions on Iran.
At some point in time, Iran is expected to drop from 19,000 to 5,060 active centrifuges.
At some point in time, Iran is expected to limit its highly enriched uranium.
At some point in time, Iran is expected to increase inspections.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama rejected the deal.
At some point in time, President Barack Obama stated the deal was better than the alternatives.
At some point in time, GOP contenders for the party's 2016 presidential nomination lambasted the deal.
At some point in time, GOP contenders believe the deal gives Iran too much flexibility.
At some point in time, one Senate Democrat said Benjamin Netanyahu needs to "contain himself."
At some point in time, a top Republican said almost any of President Obama's successors could do better.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu's most recent argument against the Iran nuclear deal was similar to a previous argument made in March.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu addressed a joint session of Congress during a March trip to Washington.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu fueled a Republican push to have the deal sent to Congress before implementation.
The deal does not roll back Iran's nuclear program.
The deal keeps a vast nuclear infrastructure in place.
Not a single centrifuge is destroyed by the deal.
Not a single nuclear facility is shut down by the deal.
The underground facilities that Iran built illicitly are not shut down by the deal.
At some point in time, thousands of centrifuges will keep spinning and enriching uranium.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu described the deal as a very bad deal.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu stated Iran is a country of "congenital cheating."
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu believes Iran can't be trusted to abide by the terms of the deal.
At some point in time, the deal lasts 10 years with some provisions extending beyond that.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu's opposition to the deal has little to do with his frosty relationship with President Obama.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu believes there can be a legitimate difference of opinion on the deal.
At some point in time, Benjamin Netanyahu thinks Iran has shown to be completely distrustful.
At some point in time, Democratic Senator Dianne Feinstein of California wishes Benjamin Netanyahu would contain himself.
At some point in time, Dianne Feinstein is the top-ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee.
At some point in time, Dianne Feinstein stated negotiators working on the deal are "on the cusp of something that can be workable."
At some point in time, the deal is a framework.
At some point in time, the framework has to be wrapped into a final agreement.
At some point in time, there can still be some changes to the framework.
At some point in time, Dianne Feinstein does not think it is helpful for Israel to oppose the opportunity to change a major dynamic.
At some point in time, the major dynamic in this part of the world is downhill.
At some point in time, Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz defended the deal on CBS' "Face the Nation."
At some point in time, the deal would extend the "breakout" time period from two months to one year.
At some point in time, the "breakout" time period is the length of time it would take Iran to build a nuclear bomb.
At some point in time, the deal allows for the "almost instantaneous recognition of any attempt to evade the deal."
At some point in time, Moniz stated that all pathways to a bomb have been blocked.
At some point in time, Senator Lindsey Graham said the best option for the United States is to keep current sanctions in place for two more years.
At some point in time, Senator Lindsey Graham believes the United States should have a "new crack at it" with a new president.
At some point in time, Senator Lindsey Graham stated the new president should not have the baggage of President Obama.
At some point in time, Senator Lindsey Graham believes the alternatives to President Obama would likely strike a better deal.
At some point in time, Senator Lindsey Graham stated Hillary Clinton would do better.
At some point in time, Senator Lindsey Graham thinks everybody on his side, except maybe Rand Paul, could do better.
At some point in time, Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky has called for a less active U.S. role overseas.