At some point in time, the French prosecutor Brice Robin leads an investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Brice Robin was not aware of any video footage from on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, no videos were used in the crash investigation of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, a person who has a video of Germanwings Flight 9525 needs to immediately give it to the investigators.
At some point in time, two magazines, German daily Bild and French Paris Match, claimed there is a cell phone video showing the final seconds of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, all 150 individuals on board Germanwings Flight 9525 were killed.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild described the supposed video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild did not post the video on their websites.
At some point in time, Paris Match reported that they watched the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, a source close to the investigation found the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, one can hear cries of "My God" in several languages in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, metallic banging can be heard more than three times in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, the metallic banging in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525 is perhaps of the pilot trying to open the cockpit door with a heavy object.
At some point in time, towards the end of the video of Germanwings Flight 9525, after a heavy shake, the screaming intensifies.
At some point in time, then nothing happens in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt is the editor-in-chief of Bild online.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt said the scene in the video of Germanwings Flight 9525 is very disturbing.
At some point in time, an official with France's accident investigation agency, the BEA, said the agency is not aware of any video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini is a French Gendarmerie spokesman in charge of communications on rescue efforts around the Germanwings crash site.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that the reports of a video of Germanwings Flight 9525 were completely wrong.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that the reports of a video of Germanwings Flight 9525 were unwarranted.
At some point in time, cell phones have been collected at the Germanwings crash site.
At some point in time, the cell phones collected at the Germanwings crash site had not been exploited yet.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini believed the cell phones would need to be sent to the Criminal Research Institute in Rosny sous-Bois for analysis.
At some point in time, the Criminal Research Institute is located near Paris.
At some point in time, specialized technicians will work hand-in-hand with investigators to analyze the cell phones.
At some point in time, none of the cell phones found so far have been sent to the Criminal Research Institute.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini answered "no" when asked if staff involved in the search could have leaked a memory card to the media.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt told "Erin Burnett: Outfront" that he watched the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt stood by the report of the video of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Bild and Paris Match are very confident that the clip of Germanwings Flight 9525 is real.
At some point in time, investigators revealed they recovered cell phones from the crash site after Bild and Paris Match published their reports.
At some point in time, many things of the investigation were not revealed by the investigation at the beginning.
At some point in time, German airline Lufthansa confirmed that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz battled depression years before he took the controls of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz told his Lufthansa flight training school in 2009 that he had a previous episode of severe depression.
At some point in time, Lufthansa discovered email correspondence between Andreas Lubitz and the flight training school during an internal investigation.
At some point in time, the email correspondence included medical documents submitted by Andreas Lubitz in connection with resuming his flight training.
At some point in time, Lufthansa knew of Andreas Lubitz's battle with depression.
At some point in time, Lufthansa allowed Andreas Lubitz to continue training.
At some point in time, Lufthansa put Andreas Lubitz in the cockpit of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Lufthansa's CEO Carsten Spohr previously said Andreas Lubitz was 100% fit to fly.
At some point in time, Lufthansa described its statement about Andreas Lubitz as a swift and seamless clarification.
At some point in time, Lufthansa is sharing information and documents, including training and medical records, with public prosecutors.
At some point in time, Carsten Spohr traveled to the crash site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, recovery teams have been working for the past week to recover human remains and plane debris from the crash site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Carsten Spohr saw the crisis center set up in Seyne-les-Alpes.
At some point in time, Carsten Spohr laid a wreath in the village of Le Vernet.
At some point in time, grieving families have left flowers at a simple stone memorial in the village of Le Vernet.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that no visible human remains were left at the crash site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, recovery teams would keep searching the crash site of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, French President Francois Hollande said it should be possible to identify all the victims using DNA analysis by the end of the week.
At some point in time, the identification of victims using DNA analysis is later than authorities had previously suggested.
At some point in time, the recovery of the victims' personal belongings will start on Wednesday.
At some point in time, among the personal belongings could be more cell phones belonging to the 144 passengers and six crew on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, investigators are looking into what caused the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, investigators are looking into Andreas Lubitz's possible motive for downing Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, a Lufthansa spokesperson told CNN that Andreas Lubitz had a valid medical certificate.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz passed all his examinations.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz held all the licenses required to fly.
At some point in time, Christoph Kumpa is a spokesman for the prosecutor's office in Dusseldorf.
At some point in time, medical records reveal that Andreas Lubitz suffered from suicidal tendencies at some point before his aviation career.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz underwent psychotherapy before he got his pilot's license.
At some point in time, Christoph Kumpa emphasized there is no evidence suggesting Andreas Lubitz was suicidal before the crash.
At some point in time, authorities believe the primary motive for Andreas Lubitz to bring down Germanwings Flight 9525 was his fear of losing his pilot's license due to his medical problems.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz's girlfriend told investigators he had seen an eye doctor and a neuropsychologist.
At some point in time, the eye doctor and neuropsychologist deemed Andreas Lubitz unfit to work recently.
At some point in time, the eye doctor and neuropsychologist concluded that Andreas Lubitz had psychological issues.
At some point in time, Brian Russell is a forensic psychologist.
At some point in time, Brian Russell said psychology can explain why someone would turn rage inward on themselves.
At some point in time, Brian Russell said there is no mental illness that explains why someone feels entitled to take rage outward on others.
At some point in time, Brian Russell said the individuals on board Germanwings Flight 9525 had nothing to do with Andreas Lubitz's problems.