At some point in time, Charleston, South Carolina police officers accompanied the hearse carrying the body of Walter Scott to his South Carolina funeral service.
At some point in time, Walter Scott's funeral service was attended by hundreds of mourners.
At some point in time, the mourners celebrated Walter Scott's life and death as a catalyst for change in America.
At some point in time, a pair of police officers on motorcycles were part of the large procession.
At some point in time, Walter Scott was the father of four children.
Walter Scott was fatally shot in the back by a police officer.
At some point in time, the funeral service was open to the public.
At some point in time, an overflow crowd gathered at W.O.R.D. Ministries Christian Center in Summerville.
At some point in time, W.O.R.D. Ministries Christian Center has a capacity of about 300 people.
At some point in time, the flag-draped casket of Walter Scott was wheeled inside the church.
At some point in time, Walter Scott's relatives and friends followed the casket into the church.
At some point in time, some mourners dabbed tears.
At some point in time, some mourners embraced each other.
At some point in time, hundreds of people, including local officials, assembled inside the packed sanctuary.
At some point in time, some mourners stood in corridors.
At some point in time, some mourners stood under an awning at the entrance.
At some point in time, silence filled the vast space during the service.
At some point in time, Walter Scott's daughter Samantha read a poem of love dedicated to her father.
At some point in time, Anthony Scott said God had selected Walter Scott as a candidate for change in America.
At some point in time, Anthony Scott stated that "the change will come."
At some point in time, Anthony Scott brought the crowd to its feet.
At some point in time, George Hamilton spoke of how Walter Scott had brought members of his family to the church.
At some point in time, George Hamilton spoke of the agony of losing a family member and watching it happen on video.
At some point in time, the death of Walter Scott at the hands of a white police officer was motivated by racial prejudice, according to George Hamilton.
At some point in time, George Hamilton described Walter Scott's death as an act of overt racism.
At some point in time, George Hamilton stated that hate came because Walter Scott was an African-American.
At some point in time, George Hamilton said his remarks were not meant as an indictment of law enforcement.
At some point in time, George Hamilton singled out the officer who killed Walter Scott as a disgrace to the North Charleston Police Department.
At some point in time, George Hamilton stated that there is going to be change.
At some point in time, George Hamilton stated that Walter Scott's death will not be in vain.
At some point in time, after the service, pallbearers gently lifted Walter Scott's casket into the hearse.
At some point in time, crowds poured from the church after the service.
At some point in time, a slow-moving procession of black cars made its way to Live Oak Memorial Gardens in Charleston.
At some point in time, the burial of Walter Scott was private.
At some point in time, Chris Stewart, an attorney for the Scott family, said Walter Scott's death represented more than a race issue.
At some point in time, Chris Stewart stated that Walter Scott's death is a human issue.
At some point in time, Chris Stewart mentioned receiving emails from people in Arkansas supporting the Scott family.
At some point in time, Chris Stewart quoted a supporter as saying, "I'm a white male, and I'm supporting this family."
At some point in time, Walter Scott's son is going to be remembered for changing the way people look at each other, according to Chris Stewart.
At some point in time, Walter Scott's open casket was draped with an American flag during his private visitation in Charleston.
At some point in time, Walter Scott was dressed in a dark suit for his private visitation.
At some point in time, a Dallas Cowboys banner was placed outside Walter Scott's casket.
At some point in time, a figurine of a Cowboys player stood at Walter Scott's side during the visitation.
At some point in time, Walter Scott's family was missing during the visitation.
At some point in time, Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley stated that Walter Scott's family needed privacy.
Walter Scott was killed in North Charleston after getting pulled over for a broken taillight.
At some point in time, a passer-by caught the shooting of Walter Scott on cell phone video.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager was charged with murder after the shooting.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager was fired after the shooting.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager faces life in prison or the death penalty if convicted.
At some point in time, the video shows Walter Scott running from Officer Michael Slager.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager fired eight shots at Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Walter Scott was struck five times by gunfire.
At some point in time, Walter Scott fell to the ground after being shot.
At some point in time, National Urban League President Marc Morial stated that nothing in the video demonstrates that Officer Michael Slager's life or the life of another was threatened.
At some point in time, Marc Morial questioned whether the use of force was excessive.
At some point in time, one witness spoke of a struggle before the shooting.
At some point in time, at least one expert believes a murder charge against Officer Michael Slager may not hold up.
At some point in time, Gwen Nichols told CNN's Brian Todd that she saw Walter Scott and Officer Michael Slager scuffling at the entrance to a vacant lot.
At some point in time, Gwen Nichols described the scuffle as a tussle type of thing.
At some point in time, Gwen Nichols did not hear Officer Michael Slager saying "Stop!"
At some point in time, Gwen Nichols' account has similarities to Officer Michael Slager's account.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager told investigators that he tussled with Walter Scott over his Taser.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager claimed that he feared for his safety during the encounter.
At some point in time, criminal defense attorney Paul Callan believes Officer Michael Slager's defense will emphasize the reported scuffle.
At some point in time, Paul Callan stated that the defense will argue that the shooting was a heat of passion shooting.
At some point in time, Paul Callan stated that the shooting was something Officer Michael Slager did suddenly after an altercation.
At some point in time, Paul Callan stated that this would constitute manslaughter under law, as opposed to murder.
At some point in time, a murder conviction in South Carolina requires a measure of premeditation.
At some point in time, the account from the witness who recorded the cell phone video, Feidin Santana, paints a different picture.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana was walking to work when he saw Officer Michael Slager on top of Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana stated that he could hear the sound of a Taser in use.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana did not see Walter Scott go after the Taser.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana believes Walter Scott was trying to get away.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana stated that Walter Scott never tried to fight.
At some point in time, the struggle and the use of a Taser were not captured on video.
At some point in time, Feidin Santana started recording shortly after the struggle.
At some point in time, investigators from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division found troubling inconsistencies from the very start.
At some point in time, Mark Keel, the division Chief, stated that they believed early on that something was not right about the encounter.
At some point in time, the cell phone video shot by a bystander confirmed the initial suspicions of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager's lawyer, Andy Savage, complained that he has not received cooperation from law enforcement.
At some point in time, Andy Savage stated that he has not received the same cooperation from law enforcement that the media has received.
At some point in time, Andy Savage's office stated that it has yet to receive any investigative documents, audio, or video tapes.
At some point in time, Andy Savage's office received a copy of Officer Michael Slager's arrest warrant.
At some point in time, the police union that Officer Michael Slager belongs to is no longer involved in the case, according to a news release.
At some point in time, Charleston County Sheriff Al Cannon stated that Officer Michael Slager's wife, Jamie, who is eight months pregnant, visited him at the county detention center.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager was being held in isolation.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager was being monitored for his mental health.
At some point in time, one of Officer Michael Slager's lawyers stated that the visit with his wife and mother lasted about an hour.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager's wife and mother were tearful but strong during the visit.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager's family was very grateful for the chance to see him in person.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager's family was separated from him by a thick pane of glass during the visit.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager's family held up family photos during the visit.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager's family held up Jamie's ultrasound from earlier that day during the visit.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager was focused on Jamie and their baby during the visit.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager was relieved to know that Jamie is being shown love and support by their families.
At some point in time, a second video, taken from a police dash cam, emerged from the day Walter Scott died.
At some point in time, the second video shows moments before the shooting when things seemed to be going smoothly between Walter Scott and Officer Michael Slager.
At some point in time, Walter Scott apparently told Officer Michael Slager that he had no insurance on the vehicle.
At some point in time, Officer Michael Slager returned to his car to do paperwork after Walter Scott's statement.
At some point in time, Walter Scott got out of the car and ran out of the camera's frame.
At some point in time, Walter Scott was the subject of a bench warrant over $18,104.43 in unpaid child support at the time of the stop.
At some point in time, Walter Scott ran because he was the subject of a bench warrant, according to lawyers for the family.
At some point in time, U.S. Rep. James Clyburn, D-South Carolina, told reporters that Walter Scott lost a $35,000-a-year job the first time he was jailed for failing to pay child support.
At some point in time, U.S. Rep. James Clyburn stated that Walter Scott said it was the best job he ever had.
At some point in time, U.S. Rep. James Clyburn stated that if child support is to be collected, there must be income.
At some point in time, U.S. Rep. James Clyburn stated that one cannot make much income from jail.
At some point in time, U.S. Rep. James Clyburn stated that there needs to be a look at how to deal with the issue of child support without causing unemployment and loss of freedom.
At some point in time, on Friday afternoon, police met with a man who was in Walter Scott's car.
At some point in time, the passenger's name was not in a police report obtained by CNN.
At some point in time, the passenger was detained briefly after the shooting, according to one officer's report.
At some point in time, Walter Scott's family attorney Chris Stewart stated that the passenger was a co-worker and friend of Walter Scott.
At some point in time, Chris Stewart did not identify the passenger by name.
At some point in time, on Friday, a few mourners trickled into the Fielding Home for Funerals.
At some point in time, a white banner with a blue star near Walter Scott's casket displayed his favorite NFL team.
At some point in time, the banner stated: "Tradition, the Cowboys way."
At some point in time, Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley stated that the incident is a minor incident for the community.
At some point in time, Charleston Mayor Joseph Riley stated that the incident breaks everyone's hearts.