At some point in time, Jesus tells the rich man to sell all that the rich man owns.
At some point in time, Jesus tells the rich man to distribute the money to the poor.
At some point in time, Jesus tells the rich man that he will have treasure in heaven.
At some point in time, Jesus tells the rich man to come and follow him.
At some point in time, Jesus invoked the mantra that the poor were blessed.
At some point in time, Jesus stated that it was easier for a camel to pass through the eye of a needle than for the well-to-do to enter paradise.
At some point in time, Jesus told his Twelve Apostles to leave their day jobs.
At some point in time, Jesus told his Twelve Apostles to follow him on an itinerant mission.
At some point in time, Jesus' itinerant mission had few prospects of success.
At some point in time, Jesus' itinerant mission had no visible means of support.
At some point in time, money was a concern for Jesus and his disciples.
At some point in time, money was not just an impediment to salvation.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions money 37 times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "gold" 38 times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "silver" 20 times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "copper" four times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "coin" eight times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "purse" six times.
At some point in time, the New Testament mentions "denarii" six times.
At some point in time, the total number of currency referrals in the New Testament is 119.
At some point in time, Jesus was in Bethany six days before Passover.
At some point in time, Jesus was at the house of his friend Lazarus.
At some point in time, Jesus had raised Lazarus from the dead.
At some point in time, a woman named Mary took a jar of costly perfumed oil.
At some point in time, Mary anointed the feet of the reclining Jesus.
At some point in time, Mary dried Jesus' feet with her hair.
At some point in time, Judas Iscariot objected to Mary's act.
At some point in time, Judas Iscariot asked why the perfume was not sold for three hundred denarii.
At some point in time, Judas Iscariot asked why the money was not given to the poor.
At some point in time, three hundred denarii was the annual wage of a laborer.
At some point in time, Jesus told Judas Iscariot to leave Mary alone.
At some point in time, Jesus said the anointing would be useful for his burial.
At some point in time, Jesus stated that the poor would always be present.
At some point in time, Jesus stated that he would not always be present.
At some point in time, the Jesus community had a common purse.
At some point in time, the Jesus community needed money to survive.
At some point in time, Rabbi Joshua Garroway imagines that Jesus' ministry functioned at a subsistence level.
At some point in time, Jesus and his disciples walked.
At some point in time, Jesus and his disciples wore what they had.
At some point in time, Jesus and his disciples slept outside or stayed in friends' homes.
At some point in time, Jesus and his disciples ate what they caught or what others shared.
At some point in time, Rabbi Joshua Garroway ventured to guess that begging and hospitality sufficed to meet the basic needs of Jesus and his companions.
At some point in time, Rabbi Joshua Garroway said it was possible that Jesus and his followers received donations from supporters.
At some point in time, Rabbi Joshua Garroway said it was likely that Jesus and his followers received substantial donations from some rich people.
At some point in time, the Gospel of Luke describes how Jesus' ministry functioned on a practical level.
At some point in time, Jesus went on through cities and villages.
At some point in time, Jesus proclaimed the good news of the kingdom of God.
At some point in time, the twelve apostles were with Jesus.
At some point in time, some women who had been cured of evil spirits and infirmities were with Jesus.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene had seven demons cast out of her.
At some point in time, Joanna was the wife of Herod's steward Chuza.
At some point in time, Susanna was one of the women who provided for Jesus.
At some point in time, many others provided for Jesus out of their resources.
At some point in time, women whom Jesus had healed provided for him out of their resources.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was identified as a financial supporter of Jesus.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene likely came from the prosperous town of Magdala.
At some point in time, Magdala was home to a thriving fishing industry.
At some point in time, Magdala was home to dye and textile works.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene could have come from an affluent family.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene could have been a successful businesswoman.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was free to travel the country with Jesus and his disciples.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was unlikely to have a husband and children waiting for her at home.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was not one of Jesus' most devoted followers.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene may have been an independent woman with her own resources.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene found a compelling message and messenger.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was one of Jesus' most devoted followers.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene stuck with Jesus all the way from Galilee to Jerusalem.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene stuck with Jesus from the ministry to the cross and the tomb.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene provided for Jesus from her own means.
At some point in time, Mark Goodacre stated that when the Gospels speak of Mary Magdalene "ministering" to Jesus, they explain that she was one of the key figures in Jesus' everyday mission.
At some point in time, Mary Magdalene was one of those who made Jesus' mission viable.
At some point in time, other women like Joanna and Susanna helped make Jesus' mission viable.
At some point in time, men like Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus may have chipped in to help fund Jesus' ministry.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea was a man of stature and wealth.
At some point in time, Nicodemus was a man of stature and wealth.
At some point in time, the Gospels reveal that Joseph of Arimathea and Nicodemus were rich.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea supported Jesus.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea removed Jesus from the cross on Good Friday.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea anointed Jesus' body with the help of Nicodemus.
At some point in time, Joseph of Arimathea placed Jesus in the tomb that he had reserved for himself.
At some point in time, after the resurrection on the first Easter Sunday, the movement Jesus started grew exponentially.
At some point in time, the church's relationship to money grew more complicated after the resurrection.
At some point in time, the needs of the church became greater after the resurrection.
At some point in time, Michael McKinley is co-author of "Finding Jesus: Faith. Fact. Forgery.: Six Holy Objects That Tell the Remarkable Story of the Gospels."
At some point in time, David Gibson is co-author of "Finding Jesus: Faith. Fact. Forgery.: Six Holy Objects That Tell the Remarkable Story of the Gospels."