At some point in time, Sky watchers in western North America are in for a treat.
At some point in time, A nearly five-minute total lunar eclipse occurred this morning.
At some point in time, The total lunar eclipse started at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.
At some point in time, The moon began moving into Earth's shadow at 3:16 a.m. Pacific Daylight Time.
At some point in time, The shadow will move across the moon for the next hour and 45 minutes.
At some point in time, The shadow will engulf the moon at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time.
At some point in time, The total eclipse will last four minutes and 43 seconds.
At some point in time, NASA states that this makes it the shortest total lunar eclipse of the century.
At some point in time, People west of the Mississippi River will have the best view of the eclipse.
At some point in time, At least a partial eclipse will be visible across the nation.
At some point in time, Sunrise will interrupt the view of the eclipse on the East Coast.
At some point in time, Parts of South America will be able to see the eclipse.
At some point in time, Parts of India will be able to see the eclipse.
At some point in time, Parts of China will be able to see the eclipse.
At some point in time, Parts of Russia will be able to see the eclipse.
The eclipse will not be visible in Greenland.
The eclipse will not be visible in Iceland.
The eclipse will not be visible in Europe.
The eclipse will not be visible in Africa.
The eclipse will not be visible in the Middle East.
At some point in time, A lunar eclipse happens when the sun, Earth, and moon form a straight line in space.
At some point in time, The Earth is in the middle of the sun and moon.
At some point in time, The sun shines on the Earth and creates a shadow.
At some point in time, As the moon moves deeper into the shadow, the moon appears to turn dark.
At some point in time, The moon may even appear to be a reddish color.
At some point in time, Earth's atmosphere filters out most of the blue light.
At some point in time, Some people have nicknamed the reddish effect the "blood moon."
At some point in time, NASA states that lunar eclipses typically happen only once every five years.
At some point in time, This eclipse is the third in a series of four lunar eclipses in a row.
At some point in time, The first lunar eclipse in the series was on April 15, 2014.
At some point in time, The second lunar eclipse in the series was in September 2014.
At some point in time, The next lunar eclipse in the series is on Saturday.
At some point in time, There will be one more lunar eclipse in the series on September 28.
At some point in time, NASA astronomer Mitzi Adams will take questions on Twitter @NASA_Marshall.
At some point in time, People can share their photos of the total lunar eclipse with CNN iReport.