At some point in time, Memories Pizza is located in the New York town of Walkerton.
At some point in time, Memories Pizza is a family-run restaurant.
At some point in time, the owners of Memories Pizza stated that they would refuse to cater a same-sex couple's wedding.
At some point in time, Crystal O'Connor told CNN affiliate WBND-TV that if a gay couple wanted pizzas for their wedding, Memories Pizza would have to say no. Critics fear that the Religious Freedom Restoration Act would allow businesses to discriminate against gays and lesbians.
At some point in time, critics called for boycotts of Memories Pizza.
At some point in time, supporters of Memories Pizza donated more than $842,000 for the business by the end of the week.
At some point in time, the community of Walkerton has a population of 2,100 people.
At some point in time, RiskyLiberal tweeted that boycotting Memories Pizza for its religious beliefs is not a violation of freedom to practice religion.
At some point in time, Aღanda tweeted to mock Memories Pizza for its ignorance.
At some point in time, bad reviews flooded Memories Pizza's Facebook page.
At some point in time, many bad reviews were too vulgar to share.
At some point in time, Rob Katz of Indianapolis questioned the financial support of a company that treats some citizens like second-class citizens.
At some point in time, Rob Katz called for a boycott of Memories Pizza.
At some point in time, Rob Katz hoped that Memories Pizza would rethink its policy or that the free market would put them out of business.
At some point in time, Jessica Dooley of Goshen tweeted about burning down Memories Pizza.
At some point in time, the Walkerton Police Department received reports of Jessica Dooley's tweet.
At some point in time, the account of Jessica Dooley has been deleted since the tweet was posted.
At some point in time, detectives recommended charges of harassment, intimidation, and threats against Jessica Dooley.
At some point in time, Charles Kulp is the assistant police chief.
At some point in time, a man stood outside Memories Pizza holding a sign that reads "bigots." At some point in time, Jason Narducy bought $100 of pizza from another shop and handed it out.
At some point in time, Jason Narducy asked if people wanted non-discriminatory pizza.
At some point in time, supporters of Memories Pizza rallied to a GoFundMe page.
At some point in time, the GoFundMe campaign raised $842,387 by the time it ended late Friday.
At some point in time, the purpose of the GoFundMe campaign is to relieve the financial loss endured by the proprietors' stand for faith.
At some point in time, Lawrence Billy Jones II started the GoFundMe campaign.
At some point in time, Kevin O'Connor stated that being homosexual is a lifestyle choice.
At some point in time, Kevin O'Connor chooses to be heterosexual.
At some point in time, Kevin O'Connor believes that one cannot be forced to accept something that others choose to be.
At some point in time, the O'Connors are weighing the cost of facing threats against their business.