At some point in time, the FBI charged a Philadelphia woman named Keonna Thomas on Thursday with trying to travel overseas to fight for ISIS.
At some point in time, Keonna Thomas is one of three women arrested this week on terror charges.
At some point in time, two New York women named Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui were also taken into custody.
At some point in time, an FBI complaint cites numerous social media messages dating back to August 2013 that were sent by Keonna Thomas.
At some point in time, Keonna Thomas is 30 years old.
At some point in time, Keonna Thomas is also known as "Young Lioness" and "Fatayat Al Khilafah."
At some point in time, one Twitter message sent by Keonna Thomas said, "If we truly knew the realities ... we all would be rushing to join our brothers in the front lines pray ALLAH accept us as shuhada [martyrs]."
At some point in time, another Twitter message sent by Keonna Thomas said, "When you're a mujahid [violent jihadi fighter] your death becomes a wedding."
At some point in time, the FBI said Keonna Thomas purchased an electronic visa to Turkey on March 23.
At some point in time, Turkey is known as the easiest place from which to enter Syria and join ISIS.
At some point in time, an ISIS manual advises recruits to buy round-trip tickets to vacation spots such as Spain.
At some point in time, the ISIS manual advises recruits to purchase tickets for their real destination once they arrive overseas.
At some point in time, on March 26, Keonna Thomas purchased a ticket to Barcelona.
At some point in time, the ticket purchased by Keonna Thomas had a March 29 departure.
At some point in time, the ticket purchased by Keonna Thomas had an April 15 return to the United States.
At some point in time, it is not clear when or where Keonna Thomas was arrested.
At some point in time, Keonna Thomas was charged with knowingly attempting to provide material support and resources to a designated foreign terrorist organization.
At some point in time, Keonna Thomas could be sentenced to 15 years in prison.
The FBI did not charge a Philadelphia woman on Thursday.
At some point in time, Noelle Velentzas is 28 years old.
At some point in time, Asia Siddiqui is 31 years old.
At some point in time, Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui were arrested in New York.
At some point in time, Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui are accused of planning to build an explosive device for attacks in the United States.
At some point in time, in the past 18 months, the Justice Department's National Security Division has prosecuted or is prosecuting more than 30 cases of people attempting to travel abroad to join or provide support to terrorist groups.
At some point in time, of those cases, 18 allegedly involve support to ISIS.
At some point in time, the terrorist threat is more decentralized.
At some point in time, the terrorist threat is more diffuse.
At some point in time, the terrorist threat is more complicated.
At some point in time, the terrorist threat involves the potential lone wolf actor.
At some point in time, the terrorist threat involves the effective use of social media.
At some point in time, the terrorist threat involves the Internet.