At some point in time, the man accused of stabbing U.S. Ambassador Mark Lippert in Seoul last month is now charged with attempted murder.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong has been charged with assaulting a foreign envoy.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong has been charged with business obstruction.
At some point in time, Kim's trial must begin within 14 days of receiving today's indictment according to South Korean law.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert was stabbed on March 5 during an event organized by the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation.
At some point in time, the Korean Council for Reconciliation and Cooperation advocates peaceful reunification between North and South Korea.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong stabbed Mark Lippert with a 5-inch knife.
At some point in time, shortly before Mark Lippert was supposed to give a speech, Kim Ki-Jong slashed Mark Lippert in the face and jaw.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert suffered a gash from his right cheekbone to his lower jaw.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert's gash required 80 stitches.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert's wound measured 10 centimeters (4 inches) long.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert's wound measured 2.5 centimeters (1 inch) deep.
At some point in time, there was no serious facial nerve damage to Mark Lippert according to Dr. Jung Nam-shik of the Yonsei Severance Hospital.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert suffered five cuts in his left arm and hand.
At some point in time, Mark Lippert was not expected to have permanent damage to his arm function.
At some point in time, police said Kim Ki-Jong stabbed Mark Lippert with a 10-inch knife.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong opposed the joint South Korean-U.S. military drills.
At some point in time, joint South Korean-U.S. military drills happen every year.
At some point in time, joint South Korean-U.S. military drills frequently draw the ire of North Korea.
At some point in time, police official Yoon Myeong-seong told reporters that Kim Ki-Jong had visited North Korea seven times between 1999 and 2007.
At some point in time, authorities were investigating a possible connection between Kim Ki-Jong's visits to North Korea and the attack against Mark Lippert.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong is 55 years old.
At some point in time, Kim Ki-Jong has a history of unpredictable behavior.
At some point in time, in 2010, Kim Ki-Jong received a suspended two-year prison sentence for throwing a piece of concrete at a Japanese ambassador to South Korea.
At some point in time, South Korean President Park Geun-hye condemned the attack against Mark Lippert.
At some point in time, Park Geun-hye stated that the incident is not only a physical attack on the U.S. ambassador.
At some point in time, Park Geun-hye stated that the incident is an attack on the South Korea-U.S. alliance.
At some point in time, Park Geun-hye stated that the attack can never be tolerated.