At some point in time, Blue Bell ice cream has temporarily shut down one of its manufacturing plants.
At some point in time, the shutdown is due to the discovery of listeria contamination in a serving of ice cream.
At some point in time, the listeria contamination originated from the Broken Arrow, Oklahoma, plant.
At some point in time, public health officials warned consumers not to eat any Blue Bell-branded products made at the Broken Arrow plant.
At some point in time, the warning includes 3-ounce servings of Blue Bell ice cream from the Broken Arrow plant.
At some point in time, the 3-ounce servings went to institutions in containers marked with the letters O, P, Q, R, S, or T behind the coding date.
At some point in time, the warning by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention does not affect other Blue Bell ice cream.
At some point in time, the warning does not affect other 3-ounce servings not made at the Broken Arrow plant.
At some point in time, Blue Bell has recalled other products.
At some point in time, Blue Bell is shutting down the Broken Arrow facility out of an abundance of caution.
At some point in time, Blue Bell is searching for a possible cause of contamination.
At some point in time, this is the third time Blue Bell has taken action in light of a listeria outbreak at a Kansas hospital.
At some point in time, listeria monocytogenes was recently found in a cup of ice cream recovered from the Kansas hospital.
At some point in time, the cup contaminated with listeria was produced at the Broken Arrow plant in April 2014.
At some point in time, the CDC found listeria bacteria in additional samples of the same product recovered from the Broken Arrow plant.
At some point in time, the bacteria in the hospital sample and the factory sample appeared to match each other genetically.
At some point in time, the bacteria in the hospital sample did not appear identical to listeria samples taken from patients infected in the Kansas outbreak.
At some point in time, listeriosis is caused by exposure to listeria bacteria.
At some point in time, in a separate outbreak in Texas, the CDC found that listeria samples taken from patients who had listeriosis matched the listeria in recovered samples.
At some point in time, the patients in Texas had listeriosis between 2010 and 2014.
At some point in time, the patients in Texas were treated in a hospital that served 3-ounce Blue Bell cups.
At some point in time, none of this means that Blue Bell ice cream is the source of either spate of the infections.
At some point in time, the investigation to determine whether these illnesses are related to exposure to Blue Bell products is ongoing.
At some point in time, in early March, Blue Bell recalled a group of products made at a plant in Texas.
At some point in time, Blue Bell later added 3-ounce cup servings to the recall.
At some point in time, five people were infected with listeria in Kansas in the past year.
At some point in time, three people died from listeria that might be linked to Blue Bell Creameries products in Kansas.
At some point in time, all five infected individuals were hospitalized at the same hospital before developing listeriosis.
At some point in time, at least four of the infected individuals had consumed milkshakes made with Blue Bell ice cream before developing the infection.
At some point in time, Paul Kruse is the CEO and president of Blue Bell.
At some point in time, Paul Kruse stated that Blue Bell has to be and can be better than this.
At some point in time, quality and safety have always been top priorities for Blue Bell.
At some point in time, Blue Bell is deeply saddened and concerned for all those who have been affected.
At some point in time, the CDC advises individuals and institutions to check their freezers for the recalled products.
At some point in time, the CDC advises individuals and institutions to throw away the recalled products.
At some point in time, Blue Bell stated that the recall does not include Blue Bell ice cream half gallons, pints, quarts, 3 gallons, or other 3-ounce cups.
At some point in time, this is the first product recall in the 108-year history of Blue Bell Creameries.
At some point in time, listeriosis is a serious infection caused by eating food contaminated with listeria.
At some point in time, listeriosis primarily affects the elderly, pregnant women, newborns, and people with weakened immune systems.
At some point in time, symptoms of a listeria infection include fever and muscle aches.
At some point in time, symptoms of a listeria infection can be associated with diarrhea or other gastrointestinal symptoms.
At some point in time, in the United States, an estimated 1,600 people become seriously ill from listeriosis each year.
At some point in time, approximately 16% of listeriosis illnesses result in death.
At some point in time, cervical infections caused by listeriosis in pregnant women may result in stillbirth or spontaneous abortion during the second or third trimesters.