At some point in time, "Lost River" had its theatrical release a year after its Cannes debut.
At some point in time, "Lost River" was booed at its premiere.
At some point in time, reviewers mocked "Lost River."
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling directed "Lost River."
At some point in time, "Lost River" has been divisive.
At some point in time, Detroit is the setting of "Lost River."
At some point in time, Detroit is besmirched and decaying.
At some point in time, Detroit is on the brink of annihilation.
At some point in time, Detroit provides kindling for its own rebirth.
At some point in time, Detroit is captured in all its waning splendor.
At some point in time, Detroit is the perfect backdrop for "Lost River."
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling stated that Detroit was at the heart of "Lost River."
At some point in time, without Detroit's crumbling edifices, there would be no film "Lost River."
At some point in time, "Lost River" began as a collection of speculative shots of the Brewster-Douglass Projects.
At some point in time, the Brewster-Douglass Projects is the first black social housing development in America.
At some point in time, the Supremes once called the Brewster-Douglass Projects home.
At some point in time, boxer Joe Louis once called the Brewster-Douglass Projects home.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling heard that the authorities were going to tear down the Brewster-Douglass Projects.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling had to shoot the Brewster-Douglass Projects before the authorities tore them down.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling ventured into the Brewster-Douglass Projects.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling started shooting more and more footage.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling realized that he was making a film.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling started writing the script during the process of filming "Lost River."
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling has a longstanding affection for Detroit.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling grew up not too far away in Cornwall, Ontario.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling reminisces that everything cool came from Detroit.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling references 40 miles of dead neighborhoods in Detroit.
At some point in time, Detroit is thriving financially.
At some point in time, houses are burning in Detroit.
At some point in time, things are being torn down in Detroit.
At some point in time, families are trying to hold on to their homes in Detroit.
At some point in time, for families in Detroit, it has become a nightmare.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling wanted to make a film about families in Detroit.
At some point in time, the title "Lost River" alludes to a once thriving community now displaced.
At some point in time, homes of the displaced community are at the bottom of a reservoir.
At some point in time, the reservoir was built with little concern for the residents.
At some point in time, the reservoir caused man-made interference with untold social repercussions.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling argues that there are Lost Rivers everywhere.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling wanted to share the experience of people affected by Lost Rivers.
At some point in time, on screen, "Lost River" paints a nihilistic image of wanton destruction.
At some point in time, "Lost River" depicts torched properties.
At some point in time, "Lost River" depicts bulldozers jostling for attention.
At some point in time, "Lost River" depicts acts of extreme human violence.
At some point in time, some acts of extreme human violence in "Lost River" are self-inflicted.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling states that filming locations in Detroit were pretty dangerous.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling describes an energy in Detroit that was threatening.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling states that the filming experience was very charmed.
At some point in time, the filming experience worked its way into the fabric of "Lost River."
At some point in time, the tone of "Lost River" conveys impending threat.
At some point in time, there are signs of humanity and regeneration among the chaos in Detroit.
At some point in time, every raid on an unoccupied house offers copper piping waiting to be recast.
At some point in time, the Heidelberg Project is a community organization in Detroit's McDougall-Hunt neighborhood.
At some point in time, the Heidelberg Project reimagines derelict buildings as giant canvases for budding artists.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling recalls seeing one house covered with teddy bears.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling recalls seeing another house covered in clocks.
At some point in time, people are taking spaces and personalizing them in Detroit.
At some point in time, the city's scope for urban renewal was a draw for Ryan Gosling.
At some point in time, something interesting is happening in Detroit at the moment.
At some point in time, Detroit is experiencing a rebirth.
At some point in time, people are redefining what they are in Detroit.
At some point in time, there is resilience in Detroit.
At some point in time, there is energy in Detroit.
At some point in time, the situation in Detroit is exciting.
At some point in time, the visual content of "Lost River" revolves around a preoccupation with dereliction.
At some point in time, "Lost River" plays on the outside world's perception of Detroit.
At some point in time, aspects of the narrative of "Lost River" suggest hope for Detroit.
At some point in time, aspects of the narrative of "Lost River" suggest the possibility of reincarnation for Detroit.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling claims that a paradox should exist when discussing Detroit.
At some point in time, the paradox is precisely what "Lost River" is trying to convey.
At some point in time, Ryan Gosling wants people to know that dereliction is happening in Detroit.
At some point in time, dereliction is not the only thing happening in Detroit.
At some point in time, dereliction does not define Detroit.
At some point in time, dereliction is just part of what Detroit is dealing with right now.
At some point in time, "Lost River" receives a limited theatrical release in the U.S. and UK on April 10.