At some point in time, Easter is unique on the Christian calendar.
At some point in time, Easter is a major point in the cycle of the religious year.
Easter has always been able to resist commercialization and culture warring.
At some point in time, Easter is genuinely about how religious impulses and patterns can operate in ways that affect human lives.
At some point in time, many people, even those within the Christian tradition, know little about Holy Week.
At some point in time, Holy Week culminates on Easter Sunday.
At some point in time, Holy Week calls mostly to those who incline their minds and hearts in its direction with seriousness of intent.
At some point in time, the fuss surrounding Easter must puzzle those looking on.
At some point in time, Christians make much of the springtime week of Holy Week.
At some point in time, Christians make much of Easter weekend.
At some point in time, Easter Triduum refers to the three days of Easter.
At some point in time, the three days of Easter begin with Good Friday.
At some point in time, the three days of Easter proceed through Holy Saturday.
At some point in time, the three days of Easter conclude with Easter Sunday.
The three days of Easter occur multiple times a year on the calendar.
At some point in time, the word "triduum" can refer to any three days of prayer.
At some point in time, Easter Triduum has a major prologue in Maundy Thursday.
At some point in time, Maundy Thursday is the day when Jesus celebrated the Last Supper with his disciples.
At some point in time, Jesus celebrated the Last Supper in the upper room in Jerusalem.
At some point in time, Jesus celebrated the Last Supper on the night before he was crucified.
At some point in time, the idea of Holy Communion begins with the Last Supper.
At some point in time, the Last Supper was a Passover meal.
At some point in time, Jesus was Jewish.
At some point in time, all of Jesus' disciples were Jewish.
Jesus was never trying to erase Judaism.
At some point in time, Jesus found a new religion by modifying and extending Judaism.
At some point in time, on Maundy Thursday, Christians sometimes practice the washing of feet.
At some point in time, Jesus washed the dusty feet of his disciples at the Last Supper.
At some point in time, Jesus demonstrated profound humility by washing the feet of his disciples.
At some point in time, Jesus modeled a kind of ideal behavior by washing the feet of his disciples.
At some point in time, Good Friday is the day of the crucifixion.
At some point in time, Jesus was scourged and beaten on Good Friday.
At some point in time, Jesus was forced to carry his cross to Golgotha on Good Friday.
At some point in time, Jesus was nailed to the cross on Good Friday.
At some point in time, Jesus experienced an agonizing death on Good Friday.
At some point in time, the actual scene of the Crucifixion varies from gospel to gospel.
At some point in time, the last words of Jesus vary from gospel to gospel.
At some point in time, the "seven last words" of Jesus are assembled from different gospels.
At some point in time, some of the last words of Jesus are quotations.
At some point in time, Jesus asked God why God had abandoned him.
At some point in time, the quote "My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me?" is from the 22nd Psalm.
At some point in time, Good Friday is a day of death.
At some point in time, Good Friday is a day of sacrifice.
At some point in time, Good Friday is a day of displacement.
At some point in time, Good Friday is a day of fear.
At some point in time, Holy Saturday is probably the least understood day of the Easter Triduum.
At some point in time, Holy Saturday is a passageway between the darkness of the crucifixion and the bright hope of Easter.
At some point in time, Holy Saturday occupies an anxious space in human experience.
At some point in time, the certain knowledge of something dreadful cannot be erased simply by hope on Holy Saturday.
At some point in time, Holy Saturday is a day of depression.
At some point in time, Holy Saturday is a day of suspension.
At some point in time, Easter has the aura of the resurrection.
At some point in time, the body of Christ becomes a "glorified body" at Easter.
At some point in time, resurrection implies a total transformation.
At some point in time, resurrection is something beyond the physical realm.
At some point in time, almost nobody who encounters Jesus after the resurrection can recognize him as the same person.
At some point in time, Easter embraces the great mystery of resurrection.
At some point in time, Easter has a promise of transformation.
At some point in time, transformation is a shift from one form to another.
At some point in time, transformation moves beyond any literal understanding.
The three days of Easter, the Triduum, occur only once a year on the calendar.
At some point in time, people experience the pattern of the three days again and again.
At some point in time, people find themselves emptied out in small ways.
At some point in time, people feel nailed to their own trees in life.
At some point in time, people feel embarrassed or broken by life.
At some point in time, the Buddha observed that life is suffering.
At some point in time, Good Friday embodies the Christian version of the truth that life is suffering.
At some point in time, Jesus suffered in the way all humans must suffer.
All humans must die.
All humans experience illness, loss, sadness, and a loss of confidence.
All humans experience darkness.
At some point in time, experiencing illness, loss, sadness, a loss of confidence, and darkness is part of the human experience.
At some point in time, people dive into Holy Saturday repeatedly.
At some point in time, Holy Saturday is a period of transition.
At some point in time, the bleakness of suffering is slightly behind people during Holy Saturday.
At some point in time, nothing restorative seems in view during Holy Saturday.
At some point in time, people know well the in-between time of Holy Saturday.
At some point in time, the in-between time of Holy Saturday is an anxious passage.
At some point in time, there is only a glimmer on the horizon of potential hope during Holy Saturday.
At some point in time, people have all been resurrected again and again, perhaps in tiny ways.
At some point in time, the joy of Easter is not reserved for one day on the calendar.
At some point in time, the joy of Easter is present whenever people experience a "timeless moment."
At some point in time, a "timeless moment" can only occur in time itself.
At some point in time, a "timeless moment" is a mystical point where timelessness intersects with time.
At some point in time, people frequently experience the Triduum.
At some point in time, people sometimes experience the Triduum more than once in a single day.
At some point in time, the ritual enactment of the three days of the Easter season reminds all who practice Christianity to expect to move through darkness into light.
At some point in time, the pattern of moving through darkness into light describes a kind of spiritual progression.
At some point in time, the pattern of moving through darkness into light is good cause for celebration.
At some point in time, the pattern of moving through darkness into light won't easily be co-opted by secular culture.