At some point in time, Richard Dysart was an Emmy-winning actor.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed the cranky senior partner Leland McKenzie in the NBC drama "L.A. Law."
At some point in time, Richard Dysart died.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was 86 years old at the time of his death.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart died at home in Santa Monica.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart died after a long illness.
At some point in time, Kathryn Jacobi is Richard Dysart's wife.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart played Coach in the original 1972 Broadway production of "That Championship Season."
At some point in time, "That Championship Season" won the Pulitzer Prize.
At some point in time, "L.A. Law" aired for eight seasons.
At some point in time, "L.A. Law" aired from 1986 to 1994.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for four straight years.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart won the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series in 1992.
At some point in time, Steven Bochco created "L.A. Law."
At some point in time, David E. Kelley eventually took over "L.A. Law" from Steven Bochco.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's character was the founder of the firm McKenzie, Brackman, Chaney and Kuzak.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was found in bed with power-hungry competitor Rosalind Shays.
At some point in time, Diana Muldaur played Rosalind Shays.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was one of the few actors to appear in every episode of "L.A. Law."
At some point in time, Richard Dysart limned Harry Truman in the CBS telefilm "Day One."
At some point in time, "Day One" aired in 1989.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart limned Harry Truman in the ABC miniseries "War and Remembrance."
At some point in time, "War and Remembrance" aired in 1989.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed Henry L. Stimson in the HBO telefilm "Truman."
At some point in time, "Truman" starred Gary Sinise.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart played the Secretary of Defense in "Meteor."
At some point in time, "Meteor" was released in 1979.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart performed extensively in the medical field in movies.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart performed enough doctor roles to perhaps qualify to practice medicine.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's two most memorable doctor roles came in classic satires.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart appeared in Paddy Chayevsky's "The Hospital."
At some point in time, "The Hospital" was released in 1971.
At some point in time, George C. Scott starred in "The Hospital."
At some point in time, Richard Dysart appeared in "Being There."
At some point in time, "Being There" was released in 1979.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart played a doctor who died a gruesome death in John Carpenter's "The Thing."
At some point in time, "The Thing" was released in 1982.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed a physician in "The Terminal Man."
At some point in time, "The Terminal Man" was released in 1974.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed a physician in "The Falcon and the Snowman."
At some point in time, "The Falcon and the Snowman" was released in 1985.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed a physician in "Warning Sign."
At some point in time, "Warning Sign" was released in 1985.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed J. Edgar Hoover in the USA telefilm "Marilyn & Bobby: Her Final Affair."
At some point in time, "Marilyn & Bobby: Her Final Affair" was released in 1993.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed J. Edgar Hoover in Mario Van Peebles' "Panther."
At some point in time, "Panther" was released in 1995.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart excelled as cranky coots and shifty sorts.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed a motel receptionist in Richard Lester's "Petulia."
At some point in time, "Petulia" was released in 1968.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was the bad guy who battled Clint Eastwood in "Pale Rider."
At some point in time, "Pale Rider" was released in 1985.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart stood out as a power player in Oliver Stone's "Wall Street."
At some point in time, "Wall Street" was released in 1987.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart sold barbwire in "Back to the Future III."
At some point in time, "Back to the Future III" was released in 1990.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was born on March 30, 1929.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was born in Boston.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was raised in Maine.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart attended the Gould Academy in Bethel, Maine, for a year.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart served in the U.S. Air Force.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart attended Emerson College.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart graduated with a master's degree in speech communications.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was interested in a career in radio.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart became fascinated with radio in first grade.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was bedridden for a year because of rheumatic fever.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was tempted by acting.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart moved to New York on a whim.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart landed minor roles on TV.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart had a part in an off-Broadway production of "The Iceman Cometh."
At some point in time, Richard Dysart acted opposite Jason Robards in "The Iceman Cometh."
At some point in time, Richard Dysart joined the American Conservatory Theater in the mid-1960s.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart toured the country doing plays.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart landed roles on Broadway in "All in Good Time."
At some point in time, Richard Dysart landed roles on Broadway in "The Little Foxes."
At some point in time, Richard Dysart landed roles on Broadway in "A Place Without Doors."
At some point in time, Richard Dysart received a Drama Desk Award for his performance in "That Championship Season."
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's credits include an eclectic array of movies.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's credits include "The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder."
At some point in time, "The Crazy World of Julius Vrooder" was released in 1974.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's credits include "The Day of the Locust."
At some point in time, "The Day of the Locust" was released in 1975.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's credits include "The Hindenburg."
At some point in time, "The Hindenburg" was released in 1975.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's credits include "An Enemy of the People."
At some point in time, "An Enemy of the People" was released in 1978.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's credits include "Prophecy."
At some point in time, "Prophecy" was released in 1979.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's credits include "Mask."
At some point in time, "Mask" was released in 1985.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's credits include "Hard Rain."
At some point in time, "Hard Rain" was released in 1998.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was top-notch in the telefilm "The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman."
At some point in time, "The Autobiography of Miss Jane Pittman" was released in 1974.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was top-notch in the telefilm "The People vs. Jean Harris."
At some point in time, "The People vs. Jean Harris" was released in 1981.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed Dwight D. Eisenhower in "The Last Days of Patton."
At some point in time, "The Last Days of Patton" was released in 1986.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart portrayed studio chief Louis B. Mayer in "Malice in Wonderland."
At some point in time, "Malice in Wonderland" was released in 1985.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was nominated for the Emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series for two straight years.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's survivors include his stepson Arie.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's survivors include his daughter-in-law Jeannine Jacobi.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's survivors include his mother-in-law Lenore.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's survivors include his brother and sister-in-law Nadine and John Jacobi.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's survivors include his grandchildren Abby and Levi.
At some point in time, a private memorial for Richard Dysart is being planned.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's family requests donations be made to the Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum.
At some point in time, the Will Geer Theatricum Botanicum is an outdoor theater in Topanga Canyon in the Los Angeles area.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart and Kathryn Jacobi had a second home in the forests of British Columbia.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart was lured out of retirement for his last onscreen appearance.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart's last onscreen appearance was in the "L.A. Law" reunion telefilm of 2002.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart said "They remain timely, with cases about points of law that are still current" in a 2002 interview.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart said "[The show] was also one of the fathers of yuppiedom" in a 2002 interview.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart said "It was very much of the times, and very Los Angeles" in a 2002 interview.
At some point in time, Richard Dysart said "It holds up as well as any series I know" in a 2002 interview.