At some point in time, the University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a single student for sexual assault.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a student for sexual assault even when the student admitted to it.
At some point in time, the Virginia attorney general asked the law firm of O'Melveny & Myers to investigate how the University of Virginia historically handled allegations of sexual assault by its students.
At some point in time, the investigation includes how University of Virginia officials handled the allegations in the discredited Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, the Rolling Stone article featured a student the magazine called "Jackie."
At some point in time, the University of Virginia knew about the allegations for more than a year before the Rolling Stone article was published.
At some point in time, the alleged gang rape at a fraternity house occurred in 2012.
At some point in time, Jackie told the University of Virginia about the alleged gang rape in the spring of 2013.
At some point in time, Jackie started telling her story very publicly at a "take back the night" rally.
At some point in time, Charlottesville police did not hear about the alleged gang rape until after a separate incident in the spring of 2014.
At some point in time, in the spring of 2014, Jackie claimed someone threw a bottle that hit her in the face.
At some point in time, when a University of Virginia dean arranged for Jackie to talk to police about the alleged assault, Jackie also told the police about the alleged 2012 incident.
At some point in time, in both cases, police said Jackie refused to cooperate.
At some point in time, police could not pursue the case because Jackie refused to cooperate.
At some point in time, more women came forward to talk about their experiences.
At some point in time, the stories of the other women were not as dramatic or horrific as Jackie's story.
At some point in time, Rolling Stone's story opened up a conversation about sexual assault on campus.
At some point in time, women began coming forward to talk about a culture on campus that was not sensitive to victims.
At some point in time, many women told CNN about a euphemism for the word rape used by other students on campus.
At some point in time, students on campus called rape a "bad experience."
At some point in time, some students judged who could enter fraternities based on the sluttiness of a woman's outfit.
At some point in time, if a woman reported her rape, some women complained that the internal process did not seem worth it.
At some point in time, some women believed the internal process was not worth it if their abuser would not be kicked out of school.
Since 1998, 183 people have been expelled from the University of Virginia for honor-code violations such as cheating on exams.
Not a single student at the University of Virginia has ever been expelled for sexual assault.
At some point in time, after the Rolling Stone article was published, the University of Virginia admitted that no students had been expelled for sexual assault.
At some point in time, the University of Virginia instituted a zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault going forward.
At some point in time, the zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault was never defined.
At some point in time, it is unclear what the zero-tolerance policy on sexual assault means.
At some point in time, when the Rolling Stone article was deleted from the website, other people's voices were lost.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick is a survivor and University of Virginia student.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick said that a lot of good things could have come about if the article had not been deleted.
At some point in time, there is an open Title IX investigation into the University of Virginia by the U.S. Department of Education.
At some point in time, the Title IX investigation is a result of a civil suit.
At some point in time, James Marsh is the attorney who filed the civil suit.
At some point in time, James Marsh told CNN that University of Virginia medical staff lost or destroyed evidence from the alleged sexual assault victim he represents.
At some point in time, the loss or destruction of evidence made it impossible for the alleged sexual assault victim to move forward and get justice.
At some point in time, the Columbia Journalism School's critique is over 12,000 words long.
At some point in time, the critique from the Columbia Journalism School could have been avoided if Sabrina Rubin Erdely had made a few more phone calls.
At some point in time, Sabrina Rubin Erdely is the writer of the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, the friends of Jackie remembered a very different story than what was reported in the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, the accounts of Jackie's friends would have been a red flag for the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, all three of Jackie's friends said they would have talked if they had been called.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin is one of Jackie's friends.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin felt deceived by Jackie.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin pointed out that Erdely's mistake in fact-checking was about one single incident.
At some point in time, the fallout from Erdely's mistake caused a much bigger issue to be lost.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin said that if Erdely had contacted them, the article probably would not have been printed in that way.
At some point in time, a lot of the Rolling Stone article was still based in truth.
At some point in time, the focal point of the article would have been different if Erdely had contacted Jackie's friends.
At some point in time, the article might have been less dramatic.
At some point in time, the article would have probably focused on other University of Virginia students who shared more common stories of acquaintance rape on campus.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes the reporter wanted to sensationalize an experience that is not very common.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick wonders if the article would have been different if it dealt with someone with a less horrific story.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that something this physically horrific is not what everyone goes through.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that if someone was not assaulted by more than one man, their story is not as worthy of attention.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick finds it frustrating how rape is portrayed on college campuses.
At some point in time, Abraham Axler is the student body president.
At some point in time, Abraham Axler said that no good had come from the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, Abraham Axler said that the Rolling Stone article did not force the University of Virginia to institute new policies.
At some point in time, Abraham Axler said that the Rolling Stone article did not open up a conversation on a topic that needed to be discussed nationwide.
At some point in time, some survivors and advocates are afraid the Rolling Stone retraction set back their progress.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick feels there is a possibility people will be afraid to come forward after the retraction.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that if someone comes forward and shares their story, they might be accused of being a liar if they do not have every detail correct.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick thinks it is easier for some people to keep their story to themselves.
At some point in time, Steve Coll is the dean of the Columbia School of Journalism.
At some point in time, Steve Coll said there are very serious and unresolved questions about the University of Virginia's performance.
At some point in time, Steve Coll said that Rolling Stone raised the subject of the University of Virginia's performance.
At some point in time, Steve Coll would not say that everything about Rolling Stone's treatment of the subject was perfect.
At some point in time, Steve Coll said that Rolling Stone's treatment of the subject does not fall under the same category as their reporting about Jackie's narrative.