At some point in time, Mike Pence is a Koch favorite.
At some point in time, Mike Pence is considering a run for President in 2016.
At some point in time, Bloomberg published a story about Mike Pence a year ago.
At some point in time, the story highlighted Mike Pence's conservative agenda.
At some point in time, Mike Pence has close ties to the Koch brothers.
At some point in time, the Koch brothers are deep-pocketed.
At some point in time, the Koch brothers back the Americans for Prosperity group.
At some point in time, the Americans for Prosperity group supported Mike Pence's tax-slashing budget.
At some point in time, Mike Pence signed a religious freedom law last week.
At some point in time, the religious freedom law opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
At some point in time, Indiana's Chamber of Commerce pleaded with Mike Pence not to sign the bill.
At some point in time, the Republican mayor of Indiana's state capital pleaded with Mike Pence not to sign the bill.
At some point in time, a powerful wing of the Republican Party wants a conservative candidate for 2016.
At some point in time, the religious freedom bill was Mike Pence's way of shoring up his credibility.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush defended Mike Pence and the religious freedom law.
More than 70% of the country lives in states where same-sex marriage is legal.
More than 70% of the country is not happy about same-sex marriage being legal.
At some point in time, Mike Pence has scored points among ultraconservatives.
At some point in time, the public debate surrounding Mike Pence is dragging the Republican field farther to the right.
At some point in time, a Republican cannot get through the pending primary without denouncing LGBT rights.
At some point in time, denouncing LGBT rights will turn numerous Americans into single-issue voters.
At some point in time, the issue of LGBT rights was hoped to be a minor issue in the 2016 general election.
At some point in time, the 2016 general election is likely to resemble Pat Buchanan's "cultural war" speech.
At some point in time, Pat Buchanan spoke at the 1992 Republican National Convention.
At some point in time, Pat Buchanan stated that gay and lesbian couples should not have the same legal standing as married men and women.
At some point in time, Pat Buchanan claimed there is a religious war going on in America.
At some point in time, the cultural war is critical to the kind of nation America will be.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz has indicated that a federal ban on same-sex marriage is not off the GOP table.
At some point in time, Mike Huckabee described conservatives' discomfort with same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, Mike Huckabee compared serving bacon-wrapped shrimp to supporting same-sex marriage for Jewish people.
At some point in time, Bobby Jindal supports a constitutional amendment to allow states to define marriage.
At some point in time, Scott Walker has a long history of fighting against same-sex marriage and civil unions.
At some point in time, Ben Carson stated that jail turns people gay.
At some point in time, Mike Pence did not act alone in signing the bill.
At some point in time, the Indiana Religious Freedom Restoration Act is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year.
At some point in time, the Indiana Religious Freedom Restoration Act could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate.
At some point in time, numerous other bills specifically single out the LGBT community for unequal treatment.
At some point in time, Gallup Polls suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly.
At some point in time, the trend on the state level tells a different story regarding support for LGBT rights.
At some point in time, Barney Frank believes Republicans want the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, Barney Frank is the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same sex while in office.
At some point in time, Barney Frank stated, "We're winning" regarding LGBT rights.
At some point in time, the situation in Indiana shows that "winning" should not be mistaken for having "won."
At some point in time, it is doubtful that a candidate will avoid taking a position on "religious freedom" bills.
At some point in time, candidates will likely not sidestep the topic of a constitutional amendment during debates.
At some point in time, Republicans control both the House and the Senate.
At some point in time, Mike Pence and Jeb Bush may be politically toxic now.
At some point in time, America has a short attention span regarding political issues.
At some point in time, Barney Frank stated that when progressives get angry, they march in the streets.
At some point in time, Barney Frank stated that when conservatives get mad, they march to the polls.
At some point in time, if the trend holds true in 2016, "winning" will feel strange.