At some point in time, the University of Virginia is under continuing investigation over how it handles sexual assault on campus.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a single student for sexual assault.
The University of Virginia has never expelled a student for sexual assault even when the student admitted to it.
At some point in time, the Virginia attorney general asked the law firm of O'Melveny & Myers to investigate how the University of Virginia historically handled allegations of sexual assault.
At some point in time, the investigation includes how University of Virginia officials handled the allegations in the discredited Rolling Stone article by a student named Jackie.
At some point in time, the University of Virginia knew about the allegations for more than a year before the Rolling Stone article was published.
At some point in time, the alleged gang rape at a fraternity house occurred in 2012.
At some point in time, Jackie told the University of Virginia about the alleged gang rape in the spring of 2013.
At some point in time, Jackie started telling her story very publicly, including at a "take back the night" rally.
At some point in time, Charlottesville police did not hear about the alleged gang rape until after a separate incident in the spring of 2014.
At some point in time, in the spring of 2014, Jackie claimed someone threw a bottle that hit her in the face.
At some point in time, when a University of Virginia dean arranged for Jackie to talk to police about the alleged assault in 2014, Jackie also told the police about the alleged 2012 incident.
At some point in time, in both cases, police said Jackie refused to cooperate.
At some point in time, because Jackie refused to cooperate, police could not pursue the case.
At some point in time, more women came forward to talk about their experiences after the Rolling Stone article was published.
At some point in time, the stories of the women who came forward were not as dramatic or horrific as Jackie's story.
At some point in time, Rolling Stone's story opened up a conversation about sexual assault on campus.
At some point in time, women began coming forward to discuss a culture on campus that was not sensitive to victims.
At some point in time, many women told CNN about a euphemism for the word rape used by other students on campus.
At some point in time, students on campus called rape a "bad experience."
At some point in time, some students judged who could enter fraternities based on the sluttiness of a woman's outfit.
At some point in time, if a woman reported her rape, some women complained that the internal process did not seem worth it if their abuser would not be expelled from the University of Virginia.
At some point in time, since 1998, 183 people have been expelled from the University of Virginia for honor-code violations such as cheating on exams.
Not a single student at the University of Virginia has ever been expelled for sexual assault.
At some point in time, after the Rolling Stone article was published, the University of Virginia admitted that no students had been expelled for sexual assault.
At some point in time, the University of Virginia did not change its policy on sexual assault after the Rolling Stone article was published.
At some point in time, the University of Virginia's policy on sexual assault was never defined.
At some point in time, it is unclear what the University of Virginia's policy on sexual assault means.
At some point in time, when the Rolling Stone article was deleted from the website, many voices were lost.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick is a survivor and University of Virginia student.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that good things could have come about from the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, there is an open Title IX investigation into the University of Virginia by the U.S. Department of Education.
At some point in time, the Title IX investigation is a result of a civil suit.
At some point in time, James Marsh is the attorney who filed the civil suit.
At some point in time, James Marsh told CNN that University of Virginia medical staff lost or destroyed evidence from the alleged sexual assault victim he represents.
At some point in time, the loss or destruction of evidence made it impossible for the alleged sexual assault victim to move forward and get justice.
At some point in time, the Columbia Journalism School's critique of the Rolling Stone article is over 12,000 words long.
At some point in time, the critique of the Rolling Stone article could have been avoided if the writer, Sabrina Rubin Erdely, had made more phone calls to Jackie's friends.
At some point in time, Jackie's friends remembered a very different story than what was presented in the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, Rolling Stone states that the friends' account would have been a red flag.
At some point in time, all three of Jackie's friends say they would have talked if they had been called.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin is one of Jackie's friends.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin felt deceived by Jackie.
At some point in time, Ryan Duffin pointed out that Sabrina Rubin Erdely's mistake in fact-checking was about one single incident.
At some point in time, the fallout from the mistake in fact-checking caused a much bigger issue to be lost.
At some point in time, had Sabrina Rubin Erdely contacted Ryan Duffin and his friends, the Rolling Stone article probably would not have been printed in the same way.
At some point in time, a lot of the Rolling Stone article was still based in truth.
At some point in time, the focal point of the Rolling Stone article would have been different if Sabrina Rubin Erdely had contacted Ryan Duffin and his friends.
At some point in time, the Rolling Stone article might have been less dramatic.
At some point in time, the Rolling Stone article would have probably focused on other University of Virginia students who shared more common stories of acquaintance rape on campus.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that the reporter wanted to sensationalize an experience that is not very common.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick wonders if the article would have been different if it dealt with someone with a less horrific story.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that sensationalizing a horrific story discredits what many survivors go through.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that something physically horrific is not what everyone goes through.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that if a woman was not assaulted by more than one man, then her story is not as worthy of attention.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick finds it frustrating that this is how rape is portrayed on college campuses.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that this portrayal is not the norm.
At some point in time, Abraham Axler is the student body president.
At some point in time, Abraham Axler said that some good had come from the Rolling Stone article.
At some point in time, the Rolling Stone article forced the University of Virginia to institute new policies.
At some point in time, the Rolling Stone article opened up a conversation on a topic that needed to be discussed nationwide.
At some point in time, some survivors and advocates are afraid that the retraction of the Rolling Stone article set back their progress.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick feels that there is a possibility people will be afraid to come forward after the retraction.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes that if someone comes forward and shares their story without having every detail correct, they will think they will be accused of being a liar.
At some point in time, Sarah Roderick believes it is easier for someone to keep their story to themselves than to come forward.
At some point in time, Steve Coll is the dean of the Columbia School of Journalism.
At some point in time, Steve Coll stated that there are very serious and unresolved questions about the University of Virginia's performance.
At some point in time, Steve Coll said that Rolling Stone raised the subject of the University of Virginia's performance.
At some point in time, Steve Coll would not say that everything about Rolling Stone's treatment of the subject was perfect.
At some point in time, Steve Coll stated that Rolling Stone's treatment of the subject does not fall under the same category as their reporting about Jackie's narrative.