At some point in time, the classic video game "Space Invaders" was developed in Japan in the late 1970s.
At some point in time, the real-life counterparts of "Space Invaders" are the topic of a political discussion in Japan's corridors of power.
Japanese people can sleep soundly in their beds tonight.
The government's top military official revealed that the country's Air Self Defense Force (ASDF) had never encountered an extraterrestrial unidentified flying object.
Defense Minister Gen Nakatani told the Diet that his jets had never come across any UFOs from outer space to date.
At some point in time, the Air Self Defense Force scrambles fighter jets if necessary when it detects indications of an unidentified flying object that could violate Japan's airspace.
At some point in time, the Air Self Defense Force makes visual observations of unidentified flying objects.
At some point in time, the Air Self Defense Force sometimes finds birds or flying objects other than aircraft.
At some point in time, Gen Nakatani does not know of a case of finding an unidentified flying object believed to have come from anywhere other than Earth.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki is a flamboyant former wrestler-turned-lawmaker.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki has appeared in the U.S.-based WWE.
At some point in time, the WWE describes Antonio Inoki as among the most respected men in sports-entertainment.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki is the founder of the New Japan Pro Wrestling organization.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki entered Japan's Upper House for a second stint in politics in 2013.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki famously fought Muhammad Ali in 1976.
At some point in time, the fight between Antonio Inoki and Muhammad Ali was one of the first-ever mixed-discipline matches.
At some point in time, the fight between Antonio Inoki and Muhammad Ali paved the way for today's wildly popular Mixed Martial Arts contests.
At some point in time, before his return to politics, Antonio Inoki was a regular fixture on Japanese TV variety shows.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki has promoted a slew of products, including hot sauce and banks.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki traveled to Iraq in 1990 to try to secure the release of Japanese hostages.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki attempted to replicate Dennis Rodman's "basketball diplomacy" by staging a wrestling tournament in North Korea.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki reportedly converted to Islam in the 1990s.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki says he practices both Islam and Buddhism.
Antonio Inoki is universally known in Japan for his colossal chin.
Antonio Inoki is universally known in Japan for his once-ever-present red scarf.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki's red scarf is often replaced with a red necktie these days.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki asked an Upper House Budget Committee meeting if aircraft were ever scrambled to meet extraterrestrial threats.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki asked if research was being done into alien visitors.
At some point in time, Gen Nakatani responded to Antonio Inoki's questions.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki claims to have seen a UFO with his own eyes.
At some point in time, Antonio Inoki admitted that he didn't know personally if aliens existed.
At some point in time, in 2007, then-Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba dismissed the legal ramifications of extraterrestrial encounters.
At some point in time, the exchange between Antonio Inoki and Gen Nakatani was not the first time Japanese politicians discussed the implications of visitors from another planet.
At some point in time, in 2007, then-Defense Minister Shigeru Ishiba pondered the legal ramifications of a defense against an invasion from outer space under Japan's pacifist constitution.
At some point in time, Japan unveiled Izumo, its largest warship since World War II.