At some point in time, Tokyo has prominent districts.
At some point in time, Shibuya ward is one of Tokyo's most prominent districts.
At some point in time, Shibuya ward passed an ordinance on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the ordinance paves the way for "partnership certificates" for same-sex couples.
At some point in time, same-sex couples will be allowed some of the rights of married heterosexual couples.
At some point in time, same-sex partners who are registered with Shibuya's ward office will be able to hold visitation rights in hospitals.
At some point in time, same-sex partners who are registered with Shibuya's ward office will be able to co-sign tenancy agreements.
At some point in time, joint filing of taxes is controlled by the federal government.
At some point in time, joint filing of taxes is outside the remit of individual municipalities.
At some point in time, the measure was proposed in February by Shibuya's mayor, Toshitake Kuwahara.
At some point in time, the certificates will not be issued until later in the summer.
At some point in time, the certificates are not legally binding.
At some point in time, proponents of marriage equality in Japan believe that the ward's decision is a step in the right direction.
At some point in time, Gon Matsunaka is a gay rights activist.
At some point in time, Gon Matsunaka stated that the certificates are not a marriage license.
At some point in time, Gon Matsunaka stated that advantages will be limited.
At some point in time, Gon Matsunaka stated that the certificates are still better than nothing.
At some point in time, Shibuya's decision does not equate to heterosexual marriage.
At some point in time, the hope is that the move will promote marriage equality for gay communities.
At some point in time, Matsunaka stated that the ruling will make the LGBT community visible in society.
At some point in time, Matsunaka stated that the ruling could be a strong driver for Shibuya citizens to learn about LGBT issues.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa is a Tokyo councillor.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa is the first male gay local assembly member in Japan.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa stated that the ordinance is a big first step for the protection of human rights.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa called the decision disappointing.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa stated that the decision must go alongside education about alternative lifestyles.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa stated that the most important part of the announcement is that it should be put into practice.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa stated that education for understanding LGBT individuals is especially important.
At some point in time, Taiga Ishikawa stated that LGBT individuals suffer as they find out their sexuality when they are young.
At some point in time, Setagaya ward has indicated that it would look into following Shibuya's lead.
At some point in time, former councilor Ishikawa cautioned against taking the movement's momentum for granted.
At some point in time, Ishikawa stated that a national law has to be made to realize equal rights for gay couples.
At some point in time, outright discrimination against the LGBT community is rare in Japan.
At some point in time, the effects of discrimination against the LGBT community can be hidden.
At some point in time, gay people often find themselves at a disadvantage.
At some point in time, many gay people hide their sexuality from their employers.
At some point in time, many gay people hide their sexuality from their co-workers.
At some point in time, many gay people hide their sexuality from their families.
At some point in time, many gay people hide their sexuality from their friends.
At some point in time, a recent poll found that a slight majority at 52.4% oppose gay marriage.
At some point in time, support for gay marriage among young adults in their 20s and 30s is as high as 70%.
At some point in time, an editorial in the Asahi Shimbun newspaper welcomed the Shibuya decision.
At some point in time, the Asahi Shimbun newspaper called the Shibuya decision a bold and important step forward.
At some point in time, only traditional marriages are recognized under Japan's constitution.
At some point in time, the wording of Japan's constitution is vague enough to open it to interpretation.
At some point in time, Mari Miura is a professor of gender and politics at Sophia University in Tokyo.
At some point in time, Mari Miura stated that the constitution does not rule out same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, Mari Miura stated that an interpretation can be made that same-sex marriage is constitutional.
At some point in time, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and the ruling Liberal Democratic Party do not like the idea of same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, the issue of same-sex marriage is gaining momentum.
At some point in time, conservative groups were vocal in their opposition to same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, one conservative group is known as the Network Pushing for Normalization of Education.
At some point in time, the Network Pushing for Normalization of Education stated that granting same-sex couples the same rights as all other Japanese citizens would degrade the familial system.
At some point in time, the familial system has long preserved heterosexual unions in human history.
At some point in time, Shibuya's registration system will be a first for Japan.
At some point in time, Yodogawa ward in Osaka was the first ward in Japan to recognize and support the LGBT community.
At some point in time, in 2013, Yodogawa ward pledged to give consideration to the issues that the LGBT community faced.
At some point in time, Yodogawa ward pledged to train staff to accommodate needs specific to LGBT individuals.
At some point in time, Chie Kobayashi is a journalist.
At some point in time, Chie Kobayashi contributed reporting from Tokyo.