At some point in time, the French prosecutor Brice Robin is leading an investigation into the crash of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Brice Robin insisted that he was not aware of any video footage from on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Brice Robin stated that no videos were used in the crash investigation so far.
At some point in time, Brice Robin added that a person who has a video needs to immediately give it to the investigators.
At some point in time, two magazines, German daily Bild and French Paris Match, claimed there is a cell phone video showing the final seconds from on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Germanwings Flight 9525 crashed into the French Alps.
At some point in time, all 150 individuals on board Germanwings Flight 9525 were killed.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild reported that the video was recovered from a phone at the wreckage site.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild described the supposed video.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild did not post the video on their websites.
At some point in time, Paris Match and Bild stated that they watched the video.
At some point in time, the video was found by a source close to the investigation.
At some point in time, one can hear cries of "My God" in several languages in the video.
At some point in time, metallic banging can be heard more than three times in the video.
At some point in time, the metallic banging is perhaps of the pilot trying to open the cockpit door with a heavy object.
At some point in time, towards the end of the video, after a heavy shake, stronger than the others, the screaming intensifies.
At some point in time, then nothing occurs after the screaming intensifies.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt, editor-in-chief of Bild online, said it is a very disturbing scene.
At some point in time, an official with France's accident investigation agency, the BEA, said the agency is not aware of any such video.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini is a French Gendarmerie spokesman in charge of communications on rescue efforts around the Germanwings crash site.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that the reports of the video were completely wrong.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini stated that the reports of the video were unwarranted.
At some point in time, cell phones have been collected at the crash site.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini said that the cell phones had not been exploited yet.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini believed the cell phones would need to be sent to the Criminal Research Institute in Rosny sous-Bois for analysis.
At some point in time, the Criminal Research Institute is located near Paris.
At some point in time, specialized technicians will work hand-in-hand with investigators to analyze the cell phones.
At some point in time, none of the cell phones found so far have been sent to the Criminal Research Institute.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini answered with a categorical "no" when asked if staff involved in the search could have leaked a memory card to the media.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt told "Erin Burnett: Outfront" that he had watched the video.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt stood by the report that Bild and Paris Match are very confident that the clip is real.
At some point in time, investigators only revealed they had recovered cell phones from the crash site after Bild and Paris Match published their reports.
At some point in time, Julian Reichelt noted that this was something they did not know before.
At some point in time, many things of the investigation weren't revealed by the investigation at the beginning, according to Julian Reichelt.
At some point in time, German airline Lufthansa confirmed that co-pilot Andreas Lubitz had battled depression years before he took the controls of Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz is accused of deliberately crashing Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz told his Lufthansa flight training school in 2009 that he had a previous episode of severe depression.
At some point in time, Lufthansa stated that email correspondence between Andreas Lubitz and the flight school included medical documents he submitted in connection with resuming his flight training.
At some point in time, Lufthansa knew of Andreas Lubitz's battle with depression.
At some point in time, Lufthansa allowed Andreas Lubitz to continue training.
At some point in time, Lufthansa ultimately put Andreas Lubitz in the cockpit.
At some point in time, Lufthansa's CEO Carsten Spohr previously said Andreas Lubitz was not fit to fly.
At some point in time, Lufthansa described its statement as a swift and seamless clarification.
At some point in time, Lufthansa is sharing information and documents, including training and medical records, with public prosecutors.
At some point in time, Carsten Spohr traveled to the crash site on Wednesday.
At some point in time, recovery teams have been working for the past week to recover human remains and plane debris scattered across a steep mountainside.
At some point in time, Carsten Spohr saw the crisis center set up in Seyne-les-Alpes.
At some point in time, Carsten Spohr laid a wreath in the village of Le Vernet.
At some point in time, grieving families have left flowers at a simple stone memorial in Le Vernet.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Jean-Marc Menichini told CNN that no visible human remains were left at the crash site.
At some point in time, recovery teams would keep searching for human remains at the crash site.
At some point in time, French President Francois Hollande said that it should be possible to identify all the victims using DNA analysis by the end of the week.
At some point in time, French President Francois Hollande's statement was sooner than authorities had previously suggested.
At some point in time, the recovery of the victims' personal belongings will start on Wednesday.
At some point in time, among the personal belongings could be more cell phones belonging to the 144 passengers and six crew on board Germanwings Flight 9525.
At some point in time, details about Andreas Lubitz's correspondence with the flight school during his training were among several developments as investigators continued to delve into what caused the crash.
At some point in time, investigators are looking into whether Andreas Lubitz feared his medical condition would cause him to lose his pilot's license.
At some point in time, a European government official briefed on the investigation told CNN that flying was a big part of Andreas Lubitz's life.
At some point in time, the source said that fearing he would lose his pilot's license is only one theory being considered.
At some point in time, another source, a law enforcement official briefed on the investigation, told CNN that authorities believe the primary motive for Andreas Lubitz to bring down the plane was that he feared he would not be allowed to fly because of his medical problems.
At some point in time, Andreas Lubitz's girlfriend told investigators that he had seen an eye doctor and a neuropsychologist.
At some point in time, both the eye doctor and the neuropsychologist deemed Andreas Lubitz unfit to work recently.
At some point in time, the eye doctor and the neuropsychologist concluded that Andreas Lubitz had psychological issues.
At some point in time, Brian Russell, a forensic psychologist, stated that psychology can explain why someone would turn rage inward on themselves.
At some point in time, Brian Russell said that someone could be upset about not being able to keep doing their job and feel suicidal.
At some point in time, Brian Russell stated that there is no mental illness that explains why someone feels entitled to take that rage and turn it outward on 149 other people.