At some point in time, Police in the Indian city of Malegaon require identity cards for cattle.
At some point in time, Cattle are an unusual group of residents in Malegaon.
At some point in time, Authorities in Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle.
At some point in time, Residents have to submit the 'mugshot' of their cattle to the police.
At some point in time, Residents have to provide information about their cattle's unique features.
At some point in time, The unique features of cattle include coloring and age.
At some point in time, The unique features of cattle include the length of the tail.
At some point in time, The unique features of cattle include other distinctive characteristics.
At some point in time, Police officials believe that requiring identity cards is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases.
At some point in time, Police officials believe that requiring identity cards is the only way to enforce the law.
Cows are considered holy by the majority Hindu population in Maharashtra.
Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population in Maharashtra.
At some point in time, Mahesh Sawai is the Deputy Superintendent of Malegaon Police.
At some point in time, Mahesh Sawai told CNN that a database is being created.
At some point in time, If police receive information about a cow slaughter, they can quickly go to the resident's place.
At some point in time, Police can check whether the cow is at the resident's place or not.
At some point in time, Mahesh Sawai believes that the identity card system will be very effective.
At some point in time, Over 100 cattle owners have complied with the police order.
At some point in time, More cattle owners are lining up outside police stations in Malegaon.
At some point in time, Cattle owners are getting their livestock photographed.
At some point in time, The ruling on identity cards came after a recent case of cow slaughter in Malegaon.
At some point in time, Two men have been charged with killing a cow in Malegaon.
At some point in time, Two men have been charged with selling the meat of the killed cow.
At some point in time, The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill includes bans on the killing of bulls.
At some point in time, The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill includes bans on the killing of bullocks.
The killing of bulls and bullocks is a non-bailable offense in Maharashtra.
At some point in time, Haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 5 years in prison for cow slaughter.
At some point in time, The consumption of beef could land a person in prison for five years.
At some point in time, The sale of beef could land a person in prison for five years.
At some point in time, The slaughter of buffaloes is still permissible in India.
At some point in time, Beef traders in India strongly reacted to the decision regarding cow slaughter.
At some point in time, Beef traders in India called a month-long strike.
At some point in time, The month-long strike by beef traders ended on Wednesday.
At some point in time, Beef traders refused to slaughter buffaloes during the strike.
At some point in time, Beef traders vowed to file a case in the state's high court.
At some point in time, Red meat lovers argue that the government does not have a right to interfere in personal preferences.
At some point in time, Maharashtra is not the only Indian state to tighten laws on cow slaughter.
At some point in time, Haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 10 years in prison for cow slaughter.
At some point in time, The maximum punishment of 10 years in prison is the toughest penalty in India.
At some point in time, Rajnath Singh is India's Home Minister.
At some point in time, Rajnath Singh has promised to devise a country-wide law against cow slaughter.