At some point in time, Mike Pence is a Koch favorite.
At some point in time, Mike Pence is considering a run for President in 2016.
At some point in time, Bloomberg published a story about Mike Pence a year ago.
At some point in time, The story included items on Mike Pence's conservative things-to-do list.
At some point in time, The story noted Mike Pence's close ties to the Koch brothers.
The Koch brothers are deep-pocketed.
The Koch brothers are part of right-wing lobbying groups.
At some point in time, Mike Pence attended an Americans for Prosperity event in Dallas last August.
Americans for Prosperity is backed by the Koch brothers.
At some point in time, Americans for Prosperity supported Mike Pence's tax-slashing budget.
At some point in time, Mike Pence signed a controversial religious freedom law last week.
At some point in time, The religious freedom law opens the door to discrimination against gays and lesbians.
At some point in time, Indiana's Chamber of Commerce pleaded with Mike Pence not to sign the bill.
At some point in time, The Republican mayor of Indiana's state capital pleaded with Mike Pence not to sign the bill.
At some point in time, A powerful wing of the Republican Party wants a conservative candidate for 2016.
At some point in time, The religious freedom bill was Mike Pence's way of distancing himself from the conservative wing of the Republican Party.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush defended Mike Pence and the religious freedom law.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush is a fellow White House hopeful.
More than 70% of the country lives in states where same-sex marriage is legal.
At some point in time, Seventy percent of the country is not happy about same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, Mike Pence scored points among ultraconservatives this week.
At some point in time, The public debate surrounding Mike Pence and Arkansas Governor Asa Hutchinson involves 14 other states considering similar proposals this year.
At some point in time, A Republican cannot get through the pending primary without denouncing LGBT rights.
At some point in time, Denouncing LGBT rights will turn numerous Americans into single-issue voters.
At some point in time, The issue of LGBT rights was hoped to be a minor issue in the 2016 general election.
At some point in time, The 2016 general election is overshadowed by foreign policy and the economy.
At some point in time, The 2016 general election is likely to resemble Pat Buchanan's "cultural war" speech.
At some point in time, Pat Buchanan spoke at the 1992 Republican National Convention.
At some point in time, Pat Buchanan stated that gay and lesbian couples should not have the same standing in law as married men and women.
At some point in time, Pat Buchanan claimed there is a religious war going on in the country.
At some point in time, The cultural war is critical to the kind of nation America will be.
At some point in time, The cultural war is as critical as the Cold War.
At some point in time, Progressives may enjoy watching Mike Pence's temporary fall from grace.
At some point in time, Mike Pence's policy rhetoric has echoed that of Ted Cruz.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz has indicated that a federal ban on same-sex marriage is not off the GOP table.
At some point in time, Someone has to win the Republican nomination.
At some point in time, Mike Huckabee described conservatives' discomfort with same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, Mike Huckabee compared serving bacon-wrapped shrimp to supporting same-sex marriage for Jewish people.
At some point in time, Bobby Jindal will support Ted Cruz and others discussing a constitutional amendment regarding marriage.
At some point in time, Scott Walker has a long history of fighting against same-sex marriage and civil unions.
At some point in time, Ben Carson claimed that jail turns people gay.
At some point in time, Mike Pence did not act alone in signing the bill.
At some point in time, Mike Pence signed a bill that passed muster with other elected officials.
At some point in time, The American Civil Liberties Union stated that the Indiana RFRA is one of 24 introduced in 15 states this year.
At some point in time, The Indiana RFRA could allow someone to use their religious beliefs to discriminate.
At some point in time, Numerous other bills specifically single out the LGBT community for unequal treatment.
At some point in time, Gallup Polls suggest voters nationwide are more gay-friendly.
At some point in time, The trend on the state level tells a different story regarding attitudes toward same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, Barney Frank believes Republicans want the Supreme Court to rule in favor of same-sex marriage.
At some point in time, Barney Frank is the first member of Congress to marry someone of the same sex while in office.
At some point in time, Barney Frank stated that Republicans want political cover in the GOP primary.
At some point in time, Barney Frank claimed that the country has made progress on LGBT issues over the past 10 years.
Not everyone believes LGBT people should have the same rights as heterosexual/cisgender counterparts.
At some point in time, "Winning" should not be mistaken for having "won."
At some point in time, It is doubtful that a candidate will avoid taking a position on "religious freedom" bills.
At some point in time, Candidates will likely address the topic of a constitutional amendment during debates or campaign stops.
Republicans control both the House and the Senate.
At some point in time, Mike Pence and Jeb Bush may be toxic now.
At some point in time, America has a short attention span.
At some point in time, Barney Frank stated that when progressives get angry, they march in the streets.
At some point in time, Barney Frank stated that when conservatives get mad, they march to the polls.
At some point in time, If the trend holds true in 2016, "winning" will feel strange.