At some point in time, Hong Kong police answered a call in the early hours of a Saturday morning last November.
At some point in time, the Hong Kong police encountered a grisly scene.
At some point in time, the Hong Kong police encountered an alleged crime that shocked the city.
At some point in time, one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her neck.
At some point in time, one woman was lying on the floor with cuts to her buttocks.
At some point in time, another woman was stuffed inside a suitcase on the balcony.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting is a former banker.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting is 29 years old.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting is a Briton.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting was charged with two counts of murder.
At some point in time, a court hearing was scheduled to determine whether there was enough evidence to proceed to trial.
At some point in time, the court hearing was adjourned until May.
At some point in time, Jutting allegedly lived at the murder scene.
At some point in time, the murder scene is an upmarket apartment in the middle of Wan Chai.
At some point in time, Wan Chai is an inner-city suburb.
At some point in time, Wan Chai is home to an eclectic mix of late-night bars.
At some point in time, Wan Chai is home to residential tower blocks.
At some point in time, Wan Chai is home to local markets selling groceries and assorted cheap goods.
At some point in time, in the early hours of Saturday morning, November 1, police say Jutting called them to the apartment.
At some point in time, police found a woman lying on the blood-splattered floor.
At some point in time, the woman found on the blood-splattered floor was later identified as 29-year-old Seneng Mujiasih.
At some point in time, officers uncovered another body hidden in a suitcase on the balcony.
At some point in time, the body hidden in a suitcase on the balcony belonged to 25-year-old Sumarti Ningsih.
Sumarti Ningsih was killed on October 27.
Sumarti Ningsih was killed five days before her body was found.
At some point in time, Sumarti Ningsih was from Cilacap.
At some point in time, Cilacap is in Central Java.
At some point in time, Sumarti Ningsih was the mother of a five-year-old girl.
At some point in time, Jumiati is Sumarti Ningsih's cousin.
At some point in time, Jumiati described Sumarti Ningsih as "just an ordinary woman from Indonesia."
At some point in time, Jumiati stated that Sumarti Ningsih was "forced to work abroad to feed her poor family and make her dream comes true."
At some point in time, Jumiati stated that Sumarti Ningsih wanted to work as a professional.
At some point in time, Sumarti Ningsih wanted to work as a professional so she can earn money and dignity for her family.
At some point in time, Jumiati described Sumarti Ningsih as a good girl.
At some point in time, Jumiati stated that Sumarti Ningsih did not deserve this treatment.
At some point in time, according to the Asian Migrant Coordinating Body, Sumarti Ningsih was visiting Hong Kong as a tourist.
At some point in time, Sumarti Ningsih had been due to fly back to Jakarta the day after her body was found.
At some point in time, Ahmad Khaliman is Sumarti Ningsih's father.
At some point in time, Ahmad Khaliman told Agence France-Presse that Sumarti Ningsih had worked in Hong Kong as a domestic helper between 2011 and 2013.
At some point in time, Ahmad Khaliman stated that Sumarti Ningsih had since returned to Hong Kong on two occasions.
At some point in time, Ahmad Khaliman said the family had been unaffected by Sumarti Ningsih's murder.
At some point in time, Ahmad Khaliman called for the perpetrator to be executed.
At some point in time, Ahmad Khaliman stated, "If not, I cannot accept it."
At some point in time, Ahmad Khaliman stated, "He has already taken my daughter's life, so he has to pay with his life."
At some point in time, Ahmad Khaliman told CNN affiliate Trans7.
At some point in time, Seneng Mujiasih had more recently worked as a domestic worker in Hong Kong.
At some point in time, Seneng Mujiasih had overstayed her visa.
At some point in time, the Asian Migrant Coordinating Body stated that Seneng Mujiasih was from the city of Muna.
At some point in time, Muna is in Sulawesi province.
At some point in time, Muna is in southeast Indonesia.
At some point in time, few details are known about Seneng Mujiasih's life.
At some point in time, few details are known about why Seneng Mujiasih stayed on in Hong Kong.
At some point in time, fellow domestic workers held a vigil in Hong Kong's Victoria Park after news of the deaths spread.
At some point in time, around 200 people gathered to sing and pray.
At some point in time, around 200 people laid flowers beside photos of the two women.
At some point in time, the victims' bodies were buried after being repatriated to Indonesia in November.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting lived in the upmarket J Residence in Wan Chai before being taken into custody.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting was detained at the scene.
At some point in time, police found the bodies of two women at the scene.
At some point in time, police seized a knife during a search of the premises.
At some point in time, it is unclear when Rurik Jutting left his job as a trader at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
At some point in time, a Bank of America spokesman confirmed that a man of the same name had worked there in the past.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting's profile on LinkedIn stated that he had been employed at the bank's structured equity finance and trading division in Hong Kong since July 2013.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting worked in the same unit in London for three years before working in Hong Kong.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting previously worked in capital markets for the British bank Barclays.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting studied history and law at the prestigious University of Cambridge between 2004 and 2008.
At some point in time, tests were conducted to determine if Rurik Jutting was psychologically fit to enter a plea.
At some point in time, Rurik Jutting was found to be psychologically fit to enter a plea.
At some point in time, the case was adjourned to allow for more than 200 pieces of forensic and DNA evidence to be analyzed.