At some point in time, President Obama's nomination of Loretta Lynch to become the country's first African-American woman attorney general is a historic pick.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch's confirmation wait for a confirmation vote by the full Senate has lasted into its sixth month.
At some point in time, the period between the Senate Judiciary Committee's vote to confirm and the full Senate vote for Loretta Lynch has not been scheduled.
At some point in time, the wait for Loretta Lynch's confirmation has lasted longer than for any attorney general nominee in recent history.
At some point in time, by the time the Senate returns from Easter recess on Monday, the wait for Loretta Lynch's confirmation will have been longer than the combined wait of the eight previous nominees for the job.
At some point in time, Loretta Lynch is currently the U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of New York.
At some point in time, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to confirm Loretta Lynch on February 26 by a vote of 12-8.
At some point in time, Republican Senators Orrin Hatch, Lindsey Graham, and Jeff Flake joined Democrats in sending Loretta Lynch's nomination to the full Senate.
At some point in time, President Obama nominated Loretta Lynch to replace Attorney General Eric Holder on November 8.
At some point in time, Eric Holder announced plans to leave the post weeks before Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, Lynch's family moved to Durham, North Carolina when Loretta Lynch was a child.
At some point in time, Lynch's parents have been married for 60 years.
At some point in time, Lynch's parents still live in Durham, North Carolina.
At some point in time, Lynch's father, the Rev. Lorenzo Lynch, watched the announcement of her nomination on television.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch believes that the nomination process will be a fight.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch has been in politics for most of his life.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch believes that nothing is certain and nothing is easy in politics.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch is 82 years old.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch is a retired Baptist preacher.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch was active in the civil rights movement of the 1960s.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch ran unsuccessfully for mayor of Durham in 1973.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch traveled to Washington in late January to attend his daughter's confirmation hearing before the Judiciary Committee.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch has heard a lot at the confirmation hearing that he has heard since childhood.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch referred to the "dual system or the dual treatment" in his comments.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch deferred to the state branch of the NAACP for specific examples regarding the nomination process.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison is a Durham activist who has known Loretta Lynch since the family moved to Durham.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison suggested that Loretta Lynch's confirmation vote has been delayed because Loretta Lynch is African-American.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison believes that the delay in Loretta Lynch's confirmation is different from any other person who has been nominated.
At some point in time, Rep. G.K. Butterfield, D-North Carolina, believes that race can be considered a major factor in the delay of Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, Rep. G.K. Butterfield believes that the delay is also due to the irrationality of the new Republicans.
At some point in time, Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Illinois, criticized Republicans regarding Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, Sen. Dick Durbin evoked imagery of the segregated South in his criticism of Republicans.
At some point in time, Sen. Dick Durbin stated that Loretta Lynch had been "asked to sit in the back of the bus when it comes to the Senate calendar."
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain criticized Sen. Dick Durbin for questioning the integrity and motivation of Republicans.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain stated that Sen. Dick Durbin's comments were offensive and unnecessary.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain believes that Sen. Dick Durbin owes an apology to the Senate, Loretta Lynch, and all Americans.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch believes that Sen. Dick Durbin should be commended for his comments.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch thinks that poetry can carry a point.
At some point in time, Senate Republicans deny that the delay in scheduling a vote on Loretta Lynch's nomination is because she is African-American.
At some point in time, many Senate Republicans point out that if confirmed, Loretta Lynch will be replacing the country's first African-American attorney general.
At some point in time, the first African-American attorney general was confirmed by an overwhelming margin.
At some point in time, Senate Republicans and Democrats say that the delay in Loretta Lynch's confirmation is part of an ongoing partisan battle.
At some point in time, some believe that the delay is part of a fight over a human trafficking bill that has stalled in the Senate.
At some point in time, others believe that the delay is retaliation for President Obama's 2014 executive actions on immigration.
At some point in time, FiveThirtyEight.com predicted that whoever President Obama nominated would likely face at least a moderately tough confirmation hearing in the Senate.
At some point in time, some of Loretta Lynch's supporters across North Carolina have organized to convince the state's two Republican senators to support her confirmation.
At some point in time, in March, several dozen North Carolina women, led by the NAACP, traveled to Washington to meet with Senators Richard Burr and Thom Tillis.
At some point in time, the meeting between the North Carolina women and Senators Burr and Tillis reportedly lasted nearly an hour.
At some point in time, the meeting between the North Carolina women and Senators Burr and Tillis was very cordial.
At some point in time, at a news conference at the Washington Press Club, the group criticized Senators Burr and Tillis for opposing Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison stated that it is time for Senators Burr and Tillis to act sensibly regarding Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison stated that it is past time for Senators Burr and Tillis to support Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, E. Lavonia Allison stated that Senators Burr and Tillis have embarrassed the state of North Carolina.
At some point in time, Senators Burr and Tillis released a statement after the meeting with the North Carolina women.
At some point in time, Senators Burr and Tillis expressed concern with Loretta Lynch's stated desire to lead the Department of Justice in the same manner as Eric Holder.
At some point in time, Senators Burr and Tillis stated that they will not be supporting Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, Senators Burr and Tillis expressed gratitude that the group came to Washington to discuss the issue and exchange ideas.
At some point in time, weeks later, the NAACP organized protests outside the offices of Senators Burr and Tillis in Raleigh, Charlotte, and Wilmington.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II, North Carolina NAACP Branch President, believes there is a much deeper analysis regarding Loretta Lynch's confirmation.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II believes that if Loretta Lynch had been Clarence Thomas, she would have been confirmed.
At some point in time, Rev. William Barber II believes that Loretta Lynch's courage, character, and commitment to the law are what some people fear.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch carried his daughter to several civil rights marches on his shoulders.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch admits that he did not think that much of the recent progress of African-Americans was possible when he was fighting for equal rights.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch's living room is filled with stacks of loosely organized newspaper stories about Loretta Lynch's nomination.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch's living room contains photos of his visit to the White House.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch admits that he has never told Loretta Lynch that he is proud of her.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch believes that Loretta Lynch knows he is proud of her.
At some point in time, Lorenzo Lynch plans to tell Loretta Lynch that he is proud of her soon, regardless of the outcome of her pending nomination.