At some point in time, Cathy Olson has lived in Rochelle, Illinois for 40 years.
Cathy Olson has never seen a tornado that big.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson saw the top of the funnel cloud.
At some point in time, the funnel cloud was absolutely massive.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson watched a hulking gray twister grind past her town on Thursday.
At some point in time, the twister tore up the fringes of Rochelle.
At some point in time, one person died in the rural Illinois hamlet of Fairdale due to a twister.
At some point in time, the twister shredded homes in Fairdale.
At some point in time, the twister ripped trees bare of leaves and most limbs in Fairdale.
At some point in time, only the thickest branches remained standing in Fairdale.
At some point in time, the death in Fairdale was the only death reported so far in two days of tornado touchdowns.
At some point in time, Rochelle was fortunate.
At some point in time, debris was thick on the roads in nearby Kirkland.
At some point in time, responders searching for trapped residents could not assess the damage or injuries in Kirkland.
At some point in time, a video of a massive twister surfaced on YouTube on Thursday.
At some point in time, the massive twister was barreling across an open field.
At some point in time, the massive twister barely missed farmhouses and barns.
At some point in time, images of the funnel turned up on social media.
At some point in time, multiple tornadoes ripped through the rural Midwest on Thursday.
At some point in time, a large and dangerous twister tore across fields in Iowa.
At some point in time, a twister touched down 70 miles outside of St. Louis.
At some point in time, eight tornadoes were reported on Wednesday in Oklahoma, Kansas, and Missouri.
At some point in time, the Storm Prediction Center reported eight tornadoes.
At some point in time, residents have been fortunate enough to come away from the weather spectacle alive.
At some point in time, hail stones the size of tennis balls plummeted down on Ashton, Illinois.
At some point in time, severe tornado damage dotted a path not far from the dense populations of Chicago and Rockford.
At some point in time, the tornado cut a 22-mile path through Ogle County.
At some point in time, Tom Richter is the disaster management coordinator.
At some point in time, a tornado took away Grubsteakers, a local favorite restaurant.
At some point in time, people had been eating at Grubsteakers for some 10 years.
At some point in time, Eric Widick drove up in his truck to help out.
At some point in time, Eric Widick described Grubsteakers as one of the little greasy spoon restaurants.
At some point in time, the community will help if one person is in need.
At some point in time, people were inside Grubsteakers when the storm quashed it.
At some point in time, the storm turned over a semitruck parked outside Grubsteakers.
At some point in time, no one was killed or seriously injured when Grubsteakers was quashed.
At some point in time, a patron who found shelter in a restroom was trapped inside Grubsteakers for about half an hour.
At some point in time, people had been eating at Grubsteakers for some 25 years.
At some point in time, people will miss Grubsteakers.
At some point in time, the tornado flattened some of Cathy Olson's friends' homes.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson was at her mother's house during the tornado.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson had to think about her husband, Chet.
At some point in time, Chet was reelected mayor of Rochelle the day before the tornado.
At some point in time, Chet has a job ahead of him.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson has not been able to get a hold of Chet.
At some point in time, Cathy Olson knows Chet is in touch with the sheriff.
At some point in time, Chet is safe.
At some point in time, Sheriff Brian VanVickle told journalists late Thursday that the tornado spared life and limb in Ogle County.
At some point in time, some people in Ogle County had injuries that were easily treatable.
At some point in time, Ogle County lost 20 homes due to the tornado.
At some point in time, one of the lost homes belonged to Sheriff Brian VanVickle.
At some point in time, fifty to 100 houses had significant damage in Ogle County.
At some point in time, only foundations remained of some homes in Ogle County.
At some point in time, storm chaser Dan Gottschalk said people could hear hissing everywhere from where the structures used to be.
At some point in time, Lindsey Clark is a reporter from CNN affiliate WREX.
At some point in time, rescuers were pulling trapped people from a home in the Rochelle area.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle was newly elected sheriff of Rochelle on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the storm took Brian VanVickle's house.
At some point in time, the storm took Brian VanVickle's sister-in-law's house.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle had the clothes on his back after the storm.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle's family was not at home when the storm hit.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle's family was on the way to Louisville when the storm hit.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle's dog was in the basement during the storm.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle's dog survived the storm.
At some point in time, the tornado was the first tornado Brian VanVickle had ever seen in his county.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle has lived in Ogle County all his life.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle is the fifth generation in Ogle County.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle's mom said this is the first time she has ever seen a tornado.
At some point in time, Brian VanVickle is thankful that the National Weather Service warned that a tornado could come.
At some point in time, the warning from the National Weather Service saved lives, according to Brian VanVickle.
At some point in time, the National Weather Service warned of a "particularly dangerous situation." People across the Midwest should be on alert for severe weather.
At some point in time, tornado watches were set to run out early Friday.