At some point in time, the California Public Utilities Commission ordered Pacific Gas & Electric Co. to pay a record $1.6 billion penalty for unsafe operation of its gas transmission system.
At some point in time, the penalty includes the pipeline rupture that killed eight people in San Bruno in September 2010.
At some point in time, most of the penalty amounts to forced spending on improving pipeline safety.
At some point in time, of the $1.6 billion, $850 million will go to gas transmission pipeline safety infrastructure improvements.
At some point in time, another $50 million will go toward other remedies to enhance pipeline safety.
At some point in time, Michael Picker is the commission President.
At some point in time, Michael Picker said PG&E failed to uphold the public's trust.
At some point in time, Michael Picker said the CPUC failed to keep vigilant.
At some point in time, Michael Picker said lives were lost.
At some point in time, Michael Picker said numerous people were injured.
At some point in time, Michael Picker said homes were destroyed.
At some point in time, Michael Picker said we must do everything we can to ensure that nothing like this happens again.
At some point in time, Tony Earley is the chief executive officer of PG&E.
At some point in time, Tony Earley said PG&E is working to become the safest energy company in the United States.
At some point in time, Tony Earley said since the 2010 explosion of the natural gas transmission pipeline in San Bruno, PG&E has worked hard to do the right thing for the victims, their families, and the community of San Bruno.
At some point in time, Tony Earley said PG&E is deeply sorry for this tragic event.
At some point in time, Tony Earley said PG&E has dedicated itself to re-earning the trust of its customers and the communities it serves.
At some point in time, Tony Earley said the lessons of this tragic event will not be forgotten.
At some point in time, on September 9, 2010, a section of PG&E pipeline exploded in Los Angeles.
At some point in time, the explosion killed eight people.
At some point in time, the explosion injured more than 50 others.
At some point in time, the blast destroyed 37 homes.
At some point in time, PG&E has paid more than $500 million in claims to the victims and victims' families in San Bruno.
At some point in time, San Bruno is just south of San Francisco.
At some point in time, PG&E has replaced more than 800 miles of pipe.
At some point in time, PG&E has installed new gas leak technology.
At some point in time, PG&E has implemented nine of 12 recommendations from the National Transportation Safety Board.
At some point in time, PG&E has 5.4 million electric customers.
At some point in time, PG&E has 4.3 million natural gas customers.
At some point in time, the previous record penalty was a $146 million penalty against Southern California Edison Company in 2008.
At some point in time, the previous record penalty was for falsifying customer and worker safety data.
At some point in time, Jason Hanna contributed to this report.