At some point in time, Tim Cook is the CEO of Apple.
At some point in time, the head of the NCAA supported religious freedom laws being considered in several states this week.
At some point in time, the religious freedom laws being considered in several states would open the door to discrimination against gay and lesbian customers.
At some point in time, Walmart opposed a religious freedom law in its home state of Arkansas.
At some point in time, Walmart's criticism of the religious freedom law came after the company announced it would boost pay for about 500,000 workers well above the federal minimum wage.
At some point in time, Walmart is emerging as a bellwether for shifting public opinion on political issues that divide conservatives and liberals.
At some point in time, some prominent Republicans are urging the Republican Party to take notice of Walmart's actions.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty is the former Governor of Minnesota.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty called on the GOP to "be the party of Sam's Club, not just the country club."
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty told CNN that Walmart's actions foreshadow where the Republican Party will need to move.
At some point in time, the Republican Party will have to better stand for ideas on helping the middle class.
At some point in time, Tim Pawlenty is the head of the Financial Services Roundtable.
At some point in time, the Financial Services Roundtable is a Washington lobbying group for the finance industry.
At some point in time, the Republican Party's leaders must be willing to put forward ideas that will help modest income workers.
At some point in time, the ideas that will help modest income workers include a reasonable increase in the minimum wage.
At some point in time, the ideas that will help modest income workers include prohibiting discrimination against gays and lesbians in jobs, housing, and public accommodation.
At some point in time, Walmart employs more than 50,000 people in Arkansas.
At some point in time, Walmart emerged victorious on Wednesday.
At some point in time, Doug McMillon is the CEO of Walmart.
At some point in time, Doug McMillon called on Republican Governor Asa Hutchinson to veto the bill.
At some point in time, Asa Hutchinson held a news conference and announced he would not sign the legislation unless its language was fixed.
At some point in time, Walmart's opposition to the religious freedom law puts the company at odds with many in the Republican Party.
At some point in time, Walmart's political action committee has tended to support the Republican Party.
At some point in time, in 2004, the Walmart PAC gave around $2 million to Republicans.
At some point in time, in 2004, the Walmart PAC gave less than $500,000 to Democrats.
At some point in time, the gap between the amounts given to Republicans and Democrats has grown less pronounced in recent years.
At some point in time, in 2014, the Walmart PAC spent about $1.3 million to support Republicans.
At some point in time, in 2014, the Walmart PAC spent around $970,000 to support Democrats.
At some point in time, Walmart bulked up its nondiscrimination policies in 2011 by adding protections for gender identity.
At some point in time, Walmart announced it would start offering health insurance benefits to same-sex partners of employees starting in 2014.
At some point in time, Walmart's evolution on these issues is partly a reflection of its diverse consumer base.
At some point in time, Walmart's evolution on these issues is partly a recognition of the country's increasingly progressive views of gay equality.
At some point in time, support for same-sex marriage is at a new high of 59%, according to a recent Wall Street Journal/NBC News poll.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill is a partner at the retail consulting firm McMillanDoolittle.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill said it is easy for someone like Chick-fil-A to take a polarizing position.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill said that in the world of the largest retailer, taking a polarizing position is very different.
At some point in time, Dwight Hill said that same-sex marriage is becoming more commonplace in the U.S.
At some point in time, businesses have to follow the trend of their customers.
At some point in time, the backlash over the religious freedom measures in Indiana and Arkansas is shining a light on the business community's support for workplace policies that promote gay equality.
At some point in time, Indiana Governor Mike Pence signed his state's religious freedom bill into law.
At some point in time, CEOs of companies across the country threatened to pull out of Indiana after the passage of the religious freedom bill.
At some point in time, the resistance to the religious freedom bill came from business leaders of all political persuasions.
At some point in time, Bill Oesterle is the CEO of the business-rating website Angie's List.
At some point in time, Bill Oesterle announced that his company would put plans on hold to expand its footprint in Indianapolis.
At some point in time, NASCAR spoke out against the Indiana law.
At some point in time, Jason Rahlan is a spokesman for the Human Rights Campaign.
At some point in time, Jason Rahlan said that the business community is sending the message that equality is good for business and discrimination is bad for business.
At some point in time, the debate over religious freedom laws has reached presidential politics.
At some point in time, national Republicans are being forced to protect religious liberties while supporting nondiscrimination.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush is a likely GOP presidential candidate.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush initially backed Indiana's religious freedom law and Mike Pence.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush moderated his tone a few days after initially backing the law.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush said that Indiana could have taken a better and more consensus-oriented approach.
At some point in time, Jeb Bush referenced Pence's promise to fix Indiana's law in light of the backlash.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz is the only officially declared Republican presidential candidate.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz said he had no interest in second-guessing Mike Pence.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz lashed out at the business community for opposing the law.
At some point in time, Ted Cruz said it is unfortunate that large companies are listening to the extreme left-wing agenda.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton previously served on Walmart's board of directors.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton called on Asa Hutchinson to veto the Arkansas bill.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton said the Arkansas bill would permit unfair discrimination against the LGBT community.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir is the CEO of the Little Rock Regional Chamber of Commerce in Arkansas.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir welcomed Asa Hutchinson's pledge to seek changes to the Arkansas bill.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir said businesses are not afraid to engage in politically controversial debates.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir said that businesses engage in debate to ensure inclusive workplace policies.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir said that culture and quality of life are important to businesses.
At some point in time, Jay Chesshir said that issues that have negative or positive impacts on culture and quality of life will prompt the business community to speak loudly.