At some point in time, an Iranian military observation aircraft maintained a safe distance from an armed U.S. Navy helicopter over the Persian Gulf this month.
At some point in time, the incident sparked concern that top Iranian commanders might not be in full control of local forces.
At some point in time, CNN has learned about the incident.
At some point in time, the incident has not been publicly disclosed.
At some point in time, the incident troubled U.S. military officials.
At some point in time, the unsafe maneuver could have triggered a serious incident.
At some point in time, the incident surprised U.S. commanders.
At some point in time, in recent months, Iranian forces have conducted exercises and operations in the region in a professional manner.
At some point in time, one U.S. military official told CNN that they think this incident might have been locally ordered.
At some point in time, the incident took place as the U.S. and other world powers meet with Iran in Switzerland to negotiate a deal limiting Tehran's nuclear program.
At some point in time, Iran has been active in supporting proxies in several hotspots in the Persian Gulf and neighboring regions.
At some point in time, the Navy MH-60R armed helicopter was flying from the deck of the USS Carl Vinson on a routine patrol in international airspace.
At some point in time, an unarmed Iranian observation Y-12 aircraft approached the Navy helicopter.
At some point in time, the Iranian aircraft made two passes at the Navy helicopter.
At some point in time, the Iranian aircraft came within 50 yards of the Navy helicopter.
At some point in time, the Navy helicopter moved off after the Iranian aircraft made two passes.
At some point in time, the official said the Navy helicopter deliberately broke off and flew away in a 'predictable' manner.
At some point in time, the Navy helicopter flew away so the Iranians could not misinterpret any U.S. intentions.
At some point in time, the Navy helicopter was in radio contact with the USS Carl Vinson during the encounter.
At some point in time, there was no contact between the two aircraft.
At some point in time, no shots were fired during the encounter.
At some point in time, the Navy crew took photos of the incident.
At some point in time, the military is not releasing the photos of the incident.
At some point in time, the U.S. administration is considering a potential demarche protest against Iran.
At some point in time, CNN has reached out to Iranian officials.
At some point in time, CNN has not received a response from Iranian officials.
At some point in time, this type of Iranian observation aircraft generally operates over the Gulf several times a month.
At some point in time, after the recent incident, U.S. naval intelligence did not see the Iranian observation aircraft again for two weeks.
At some point in time, the lack of sightings led to the conclusion that the incident may have been ordered by a local commander.
At some point in time, the local commander may have been reprimanded by higher-ups.
At some point in time, the Pentagon has noted for the last several years that most encounters with the Iranian military at sea or in air are conducted professionally.
At some point in time, some missions run by Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps forces have been too aggressive against U.S. forces in the area.
At some point in time, the U.S. military's concern has been that one of these incidents could escalate into a military encounter.
At some point in time, the official said this incident might have been buffoonery.
At some point in time, there is always a risk from such actions.
At some point in time, the incident comes as the Navy patrols the Gulf of Aden.
At some point in time, the Navy patrols the Gulf of Aden to watch for Iranian ships.
At some point in time, the U.S. believes Iranian ships are trying to bring weapons to resupply the Houthi rebels in Yemen.
At some point in time, the Navy would share such intelligence with Saudi Arabia.
At some point in time, a second U.S. official told CNN that the Navy would share such intelligence with Saudi Arabia.