At some point in time, the graffiti was written in a French chalk quarry.
At some point in time, the graffiti dates back almost 100 years.
At some point in time, the graffiti is plain and stark.
At some point in time, one inscription reads "HJ Leach. Merely a private. 13/7/16. SA Australia."
At some point in time, another inscription reads "HA Deanate, 148th Aero Squadron, USA. 150 Vermilyea Ave, New York City."
At some point in time, a third inscription reads "9th Batt Australians, G. Fitzhenry, Paddington, Sydney, N.S.W., 1916 July; Alistair Ross, Lismore, July."
At some point in time, the soldiers were World War I soldiers.
At some point in time, there were four World War I soldiers whose writings have recently been found.
At some point in time, almost 2,000 World War I soldiers' writings have recently been found.
At some point in time, the writings were found underneath battlefields near Naours, France.
At some point in time, Naours, France is about 120 miles north of Paris.
At some point in time, photographer Jeff Gusky has been chronicling details of the site.
At some point in time, Jeff Gusky describes the inscriptions as "breathtaking."
At some point in time, Jeff Gusky describes the underground city in which the inscriptions were found as "breathtaking."
At some point in time, Jeff Gusky works as an ER doctor.
At some point in time, Jeff Gusky lives in East Texas.
At some point in time, Jeff Gusky is a National Geographic photographer.
At some point in time, Jeff Gusky has chronicled the area in a portfolio he calls "The Hidden World of WWI."
At some point in time, the underground city extends for miles in some directions.
At some point in time, the underground city dates back centuries.
At some point in time, the underground city was sealed up in the 18th century.
At some point in time, the underground city was rediscovered in the late 19th century.
At some point in time, during World War I, soldiers would take refuge in the carved-out rooms and pathways of the underground city.
At some point in time, the front was sometimes mere miles away from the underground city.
At some point in time, the Battle of the Somme was fought nearby in 1916.
At some point in time, the Battle of the Somme is one of the bloodiest battles in world history.
At some point in time, the land was privately owned for many years.
At some point in time, the land was generally off-limits to outsiders.
At some point in time, the land changed hands in 2013.
At some point in time, a consortium of villages purchased the rights to operate the land.
At some point in time, the consortium of villages wanted to promote awareness of the area's history.
At some point in time, researching the underground city is a painstaking task.
At some point in time, the underground city is well-lit.
At some point in time, observers can easily see what is in the underground city without exploring.
At some point in time, the maze-like extensiveness of the underground city has made discovery a slow process.
At some point in time, the underground city goes on and on and on.
At some point in time, the underground city is elaborate in some places.
At some point in time, there are maps carved into stone in the underground city.
At some point in time, the maps were carved into stone so the soldiers wouldn't get lost.
At some point in time, the graffiti looks like it was written yesterday.
At some point in time, Jeff Gusky has noted 1,821 names in the graffiti.
At some point in time, about 40% of the names in the graffiti are Australian.
At some point in time, most of the other names in the graffiti are identified as British.
At some point in time, fifty-five names in the graffiti are Americans.
At some point in time, 662 names in the graffiti have yet to be traced.
At some point in time, the graffiti provides a human connection with men who lived a century ago.
At some point in time, in many cases, the men just wanted to be remembered.
At some point in time, someone could be in the underground city one day and the next fighting at the front.
At some point in time, Leach was "merely a private."
At some point in time, Leach was killed a month later in battle.
At some point in time, Jeff Gusky observed that it could very well have been the last time Leach recorded his name as a living, breathing human being.