At some point in time, Police in the Indian city of Malegaon are requiring identity cards for cattle.
At some point in time, Cattle are an unusual group of residents in Malegaon.
At some point in time, Authorities in Malegaon have asked residents to take a 'mugshot' of their cattle.
At some point in time, Residents have to submit the 'mugshot' of their cattle to the police.
At some point in time, Residents have to provide information about their cattle's unique features.
At some point in time, The unique features include the coloring of the cow.
At some point in time, The unique features include the age of the cow.
At some point in time, The unique features include the length of the cow's tail.
At some point in time, The unique features include other distinctive characteristics of the cow.
At some point in time, Police officials believe this is the only way to solve cow slaughter cases.
At some point in time, Police officials believe this is the only way to enforce the law.
Cows are considered holy by the majority Hindu population in Maharashtra.
Cows are revered by the majority Hindu population in Maharashtra.
At some point in time, Mahesh Sawai is the Deputy Superintendent of Malegaon Police.
At some point in time, Mahesh Sawai told CNN that a database is being created.
At some point in time, Mahesh Sawai stated that if information about a cow slaughter is received, the police can quickly check the resident's place.
At some point in time, Mahesh Sawai believes this will be very effective.
At some point in time, Over 100 cattle owners have complied with the police order.
At some point in time, More cattle owners are lining up outside police stations in Malegaon.
At some point in time, The ruling came after a recent case of cow slaughter in Malegaon.
At some point in time, Two men have been charged for killing a cow in Malegaon.
At some point in time, Two men have been charged for selling the meat of a cow in Malegaon.
The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill includes bans on the killing of bulls.
The Maharashtra Animal Preservation Bill includes bans on the killing of bullocks.
Killing bulls and bullocks is a non-bailable offense in Maharashtra.
The consumption of beef could land an individual in prison for five years.
The sale of beef could land an individual in prison for five years.
At some point in time, The slaughter of buffaloes is still permissible in Maharashtra.
At some point in time, Beef traders in the country strongly reacted to the decision.
At some point in time, Beef traders called a month-long strike.
At some point in time, The month-long strike ended on Wednesday.
At some point in time, Beef traders refused to slaughter buffaloes during the strike.
At some point in time, Beef traders vowed to file a case in the state's high court.
At some point in time, Red meat lovers were very delighted about the strike.
At some point in time, Red meat lovers argued that the government doesn't have a right to interfere in an individual's personal preference.
At some point in time, Maharashtra is not the only Indian state to tighten its laws on cow slaughter.
At some point in time, Haryana state has implemented a maximum punishment of 10 years in prison for cow slaughter.
At some point in time, Haryana state has the toughest penalty for cow slaughter in the country.
At some point in time, Rajnath Singh is India's Home Minister.
At some point in time, Rajnath Singh has promised to devise a country-wide law against cow slaughter.