At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton is thankful to be free after nearly 30 years on Alabama's death row for murders Anthony Ray Hinton says he didn't commit.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton is incredulous that it took so long for him to be released.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton is 58 years old.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton looked up and took in the sunshine.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton thanked God and his lawyers on Friday morning outside the county jail in Birmingham.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton took his first steps as a free man since 1985.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton spoke of unjustly losing three decades of his life under fear of execution for something Anthony Ray Hinton didn't do.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton stated that all the authorities had to do was test the gun.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton believes that when authorities think they are high and mighty and above the law, they do not have to answer to anybody.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton has news for everyone that played a part in sending him to death row; they will answer to God.
At some point in time, Jefferson County Circuit Court Judge Laura Petro ordered Anthony Ray Hinton released.
At some point in time, Jefferson County Circuit Court Judge Laura Petro granted the state's motion to dismiss charges against Anthony Ray Hinton.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton was convicted of murder in the 1985 deaths of two Birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers.
At some point in time, the names of the two Birmingham-area fast-food restaurant managers are John Davidson and Thomas Wayne Vason.
At some point in time, a new trial was ordered for Anthony Ray Hinton in 2014.
At some point in time, firearms experts testified 12 years earlier that the revolver Anthony Ray Hinton was said to have used in the crimes could not be matched to evidence in either case.
At some point in time, the two killings could not be linked to each other.
At some point in time, the state declined to re-prosecute the case against Anthony Ray Hinton.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton was 29 years old at the time of the killings.
Anthony Ray Hinton has always maintained his innocence.
At some point in time, the Equal Justice Initiative is a group that helped win Anthony Ray Hinton's release.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson is the executive director of the Equal Justice Initiative.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson is Anthony Ray Hinton's lead attorney.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson stated that race, poverty, inadequate legal assistance, and prosecutorial indifference to innocence conspired to create a textbook example of injustice.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson cannot think of a case that more urgently dramatizes the need for reform than what has happened to Anthony Ray Hinton.
At some point in time, Bryan Stevenson stated that the refusal of state prosecutors to re-examine Anthony Ray Hinton's case despite persuasive and reliable evidence of innocence is disappointing and troubling.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton was dressed in a dark suit and blue shirt.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton praised God for his release.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton stated that he was sent not just a lawyer, but the best lawyers.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton will continue to pray for the families of the murder victims.
At some point in time, both Anthony Ray Hinton and the families of the murder victims have suffered a miscarriage of justice.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton stated that for all people who say they believe in justice, this is the case to start showing.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton stated that he should not have sat on death row for 30 years.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton was accompanied on Friday by his parents.
At some point in time, one of Anthony Ray Hinton's parents still lives in the Birmingham area.
At some point in time, other siblings of Anthony Ray Hinton will fly to the Birmingham area to see him soon.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton's mother, with whom Anthony Ray Hinton lived at the time of his arrest, is no longer living.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton planned to spend at least this weekend at the home of a close friend.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton will meet with his attorneys on Monday to start planning for his immediate needs.
At some point in time, Anthony Ray Hinton's immediate needs include obtaining identification and getting a health checkup.
At some point in time, the plan for Anthony Ray Hinton is to spend a few weeks getting oriented with freedom.
At some point in time, the plan for Anthony Ray Hinton is to sort out what he wants to do.