At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was a special forces unit of the Croatian National Guard.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was later a unit of the Croatian Army.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was established in Kumrovec on 18 May 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was established during the Croatian War of Independence.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion drew personnel from the special police forces.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion drew personnel from former French Foreign Legion troops.
At some point in time, Ante Roso was the initial commander of the Zrinski Battalion.
At some point in time, Major Miljenko Filipović took over as the commanding officer of the Zrinski Battalion in August 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion trained volunteer troops in Vukovar in June 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion saw action in Hrvatska Kostajnica in 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion saw action in the Battle of Gospić in 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion saw action near Slano in 1991.
At some point in time, by the end of 1991, the personnel of the Zrinski Battalion were tasked with setting up an additional special forces unit of the Croatian Army.
At some point in time, in 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in the Battle of Kupres.
At some point in time, in 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Tiger.
At some point in time, Operation Tiger aimed at lifting the Siege of Dubrovnik.
At some point in time, in 1993, the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Maslenica.
At some point in time, in February 1994, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with several other special forces units.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated into the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade on 25 February 1994.
At some point in time, the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade is a component of the 1st Croatian Guards Corps.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was based in the village of Kumrovec.
At some point in time, the site of the Zrinski Battalion was adjacent to the border of Slovenia.
At some point in time, the site of the Zrinski Battalion was selected to be inaccessible to Yugoslav Air Force raids.
At some point in time, the core of the Zrinski Battalion consisted of 27 volunteers.
At some point in time, the 27 volunteers were drawn from the Kumrovec Special Police Unit.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed for the first time on 15 June 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was stationed in Vukovar.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was tasked with preparation of city defences in Vukovar.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was tasked with organisation of volunteer troops in Vukovar.
At some point in time, in August 1991, Major Miljenko Filipović took over command of the Zrinski Battalion from Ante Roso.
At some point in time, in August 1991, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to the Banovina.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion pushed the Croatian Serb forces out of the town of Hrvatska Kostajnica.
At some point in time, in September 1991, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Gospić.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion took part in the battle to control Gospić against the Yugoslav People's Army.
At some point in time, troops assigned to the Zrinski Battalion captured Kaniža barracks in Gospić.
At some point in time, during combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured JNA Major General Trajče Krstevski.
At some point in time, during combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured three armoured personnel carriers.
At some point in time, during combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured 32 soldiers.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Metković on 28 October 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was tasked with recapturing Slano from the Yugoslav People's Army.
At some point in time, a part of the Zrinski Battalion personnel left to Bosnia and Herzegovina anticipating further conflict.
At some point in time, the remainder of the Zrinski Battalion returned to Kumrovec.
At some point in time, the ZNG was renamed the Croatian Army on 3 November 1991.
At some point in time, in late 1991, personnel of the Zrinski Battalion set up another special forces unit of the Croatian Army.
At some point in time, the new special forces unit set up by personnel of the Zrinski Battalion was the Matija Vlačić Battalion.
At some point in time, the Matija Vlačić Battalion was based in Opatija.
At some point in time, in 1992, elements of the Zrinski Battalion set up a training camp in the town of Tomislavgrad.
At some point in time, the personnel of the Zrinski Battalion assisted in setting up and trained the Croatian Defence Council.
At some point in time, the Central Intelligence Agency assessed the Zrinski Battalion as one of the best units of the Croatian Army.
At some point in time, the ZNG was formally established on 23 April 1991.
At some point in time, the ZNG was tasked with protection of the constitutional order.
At some point in time, the ZNG was tasked with maintenance of public order.
At some point in time, the ZNG was tasked with anti-terrorist operations.
At some point in time, the ZNG was tasked with protection of Croatia's borders.
At some point in time, the ZNG was tasked with protection of Croatia's territory.
At some point in time, the ZNG was tasked with protection of Croatia's coast.
At some point in time, the ZNG was tasked with protection of Croatia's territorial waters.
At some point in time, the ZNG was tasked with protection of high-value structures.
At some point in time, the ZNG was tasked with protection of high-profile persons.
At some point in time, preparations to set up the Croatian National Guard began on 12 April 1991.
At some point in time, the establishment of the ZNG was thought necessary by the Croatian authorities.
At some point in time, the Croatian authorities thought the establishment of the ZNG was necessary following armed clashes in Pakrac.
At some point in time, the Croatian authorities thought the establishment of the ZNG was necessary due to the possibility of further confrontation with the Yugoslav People's Army.
At some point in time, Croatia had no regular army in the beginning of 1991.
At some point in time, Croatia doubled the size of its police force to about 20,000 in an effort to bolster its defence.
At some point in time, the most effective part of the police force was the 3,000-strong special police.
At some point in time, the 3,000-strong special police were deployed in 12 battalions.
At some point in time, the reserve police were set up in 16 battalions and 10 companies.
At some point in time, the reserve police lacked weapons needed to arm many of the troops.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was initially commanded by Ante Roso.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was initially reliant on former French Foreign Legion troops.
At some point in time, the most senior among the former legionnaires in the Zrinski Battalion was Ante Roso.
At some point in time, Ante Roso was previously a Sous-Officier in the 4th Foreign Regiment.
At some point in time, Major Miljenko Filipović was assigned the battalion's deputy commander.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was based on the grounds of the former "Josip Broz Tito" political school.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was established as a special forces unit of the ZNG on 18 May 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was tasked with setting up an additional special forces unit of the Croatian Army by the end of 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with parts of other special forces units of the Croatian Army on 25 February 1994.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was directly subordinated to the Ministry of Defence after amalgamation.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was not tasked with setting up an additional special forces unit of the Croatian Army by the end of 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was established during the Croatian War of Independence on 18 May 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was based in Kumrovec.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to the Banovina in August 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion pushed the Croatian Serb forces out of Hrvatska Kostajnica.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Gospić in September 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion captured Kaniža barracks in Gospić.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion captured JNA Major General Trajče Krstevski during combat in Gospić.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion captured three armoured personnel carriers during combat in Gospić.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion captured 32 soldiers during combat in Gospić.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was tasked with recapturing Slano from the JNA.
At some point in time, a part of the Zrinski Battalion personnel left for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
At some point in time, personnel of the Zrinski Battalion set up the Matija Vlačić Battalion in late 1991.
At some point in time, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in the Battle of Kupres in 1992.
At some point in time, elements of the Zrinski Battalion set up a training camp in Tomislavgrad in 1992.
At some point in time, the personnel of the Zrinski Battalion assisted in training the Croatian Defence Council.
At some point in time, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Tiger in 1992.
At some point in time, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Maslenica in 1993.
At some point in time, the Croatian authorities thought the establishment of the ZNG was necessary due to the possibility of further confrontation with the JNA.