At some point in time, Osbert de Bayeux floruit between 1121 and 1184.
At some point in time, Osbert de Bayeux was a medieval English cleric.
At some point in time, Osbert de Bayeux was an archdeacon in the Diocese of York.
At some point in time, Osbert de Bayeux was a relative of Thurstan.
At some point in time, Thurstan was the Archbishop of York.
At some point in time, Osbert probably owed his ecclesiastical positions to Thurstan.
At some point in time, Osbert was opposed to William fitzHerbert's candidacy for the archbishopric.
At some point in time, Osbert worked to secure the deposition of William fitzHerbert.
At some point in time, Osbert worked to secure the replacement of William fitzHerbert by Henry Murdac.
At some point in time, Osbert tried to prevent the return of William fitzHerbert after Henry Murdac's death in 1153.
At some point in time, Osbert's attempts to prevent William fitzHerbert's return were unsuccessful.
At some point in time, William fitzHerbert died suddenly in 1154.
At some point in time, Osbert was accused of murdering William fitzHerbert.
At some point in time, Osbert was accused of murdering William fitzHerbert by poisoning him through the communion chalice.
At some point in time, Symphorian brought murder charges against Osbert.
At some point in time, Symphorian was a fellow cleric and a chaplain of William fitzHerbert.
At some point in time, Symphorian obtained a hearing on the charges at a royal council presided over by King Stephen of England.
At some point in time, the royal council was held at Michaelmas in 1154.
At some point in time, King Stephen's subsequent death prevented a resolution of the charges against Osbert.
At some point in time, Osbert attempted to have the trial switched to an ecclesiastical court.
At some point in time, Archbishop Theobald of Canterbury supported Osbert's efforts to switch the trial.
At some point in time, a trial was finally held in 1156.
At some point in time, Osbert's accuser did not produce any witnesses at the trial.
At some point in time, Osbert was unable to prove his innocence at the trial.
At some point in time, the case was transferred to a papal court.
At some point in time, no record of any judgment exists regarding Osbert's case.
At some point in time, Osbert appeared before two popes, Adrian IV and Alexander III.
At some point in time, a further appeal to the papal court was referred to papal judges between 1175 and 1180.
At some point in time, the case attracted commentary by two contemporary writers.
At some point in time, John of Salisbury was a secretary for Theobald.
At some point in time, John of Salisbury added information about Osbert in a letter to Pope Alexander III.
At some point in time, John of Salisbury pointed out to Pope Alexander III that Osbert failed to secure other clergy willing to swear that he was innocent.
At some point in time, Gilbert Foliot was Bishop of Hereford.
At some point in time, Gilbert Foliot wrote to the pope regarding Osbert's accuser.
At some point in time, Gilbert Foliot reminded the pope that Osbert's accuser offered to prove his accusations by undergoing a trial by ordeal.
At some point in time, canon law forbade the clergy from undergoing a trial by ordeal.
At some point in time, Osbert was no longer archdeacon by 1158.
At some point in time, Osbert's successor is attested by 1158.
At some point in time, Osbert continued to call himself "archdeacon" after 1158.
At some point in time, Osbert held land as a secular lord.
At some point in time, Osbert held lands in Lacy and Skipton.
At some point in time, Osbert acted as a steward for Hugh de Tilly.
At some point in time, Osbert was still alive in 1184.
At some point in time, Osbert was a witness to a document at York in 1184.
At some point in time, Osbert may have been alive as late as 1194.
At some point in time, Hugh Bardulf was responsible for the farm of Osbert's lands in 1194.
At some point in time, the record of the transaction in the escheat roll is unclear if Osbert was alive or dead in 1194.
At some point in time, Osbert had two sons.
At some point in time, Osbert's sons were William de Bayeux and Turstin de Baius.
At some point in time, Osbert was a benefactor to a number of monasteries.
At some point in time, Osbert was a benefactor to Drax Priory.
At some point in time, Osbert was a benefactor to Pontefract Priory.
At some point in time, Osbert was a benefactor to Gisborough Priory.
At some point in time, Osbert gave land to a hospital in York.
At some point in time, Osbert gave land to the Templars.
At some point in time, Osbert gave land to the Hospitallers.