At some point in time, "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is the nineteenth episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars.
At some point in time, "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is the 63rd episode overall of Veronica Mars.
At some point in time, Phil Klemmer wrote "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down."
At some point in time, Jason Bloom directed "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down."
At some point in time, the episode premiered on The CW on May 22, 2007.
At some point in time, the series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars as she deals with life as a college student.
At some point in time, Veronica Mars moonlights as a private detective.
At some point in time, Weevil enlists Veronica's help in proving his innocence.
At some point in time, Weevil is implicated in creating fake student IDs.
At some point in time, Veronica and Piz come to terms with Veronica's FBI internship.
At some point in time, a sex tape of Veronica and Piz is released on the internet.
At some point in time, Logan beats up Piz.
At some point in time, Logan thinks that Piz posted the sex tape.
At some point in time, Keith and Vinnie debate on Piz's radio show.
At some point in time, Keith and Vinnie are running against each other in the upcoming Sheriff’s election.
At some point in time, "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" features the reappearance of Weevil after an absence of five episodes.
At some point in time, during filming of the third season, Francis Capra was undergoing medical treatment.
At some point in time, Rob Thomas pointed out Logan and Piz's fight scene as one of the highlights of the episode.
At some point in time, the episode received mostly positive reviews from television critics.
At some point in time, many critics praised the case-of-the-week in the episode.
At some point in time, in a checkout line, Veronica and Mac discuss Veronica's relationship with Piz.
At some point in time, Veronica and Mac discuss what Veronica's FBI internship will mean for them.
At some point in time, someone is getting arrested by the campus police for a fake debit card.
At some point in time, Weevil injures himself.
At some point in time, Weevil finds himself unable to receive adequate benefits.
At some point in time, Veronica gets Piz to accept her leaving for the internship.
At some point in time, several students call out Weevil at the Sheriff’s station.
At some point in time, Weevil is accused of giving students fake cards.
At some point in time, Weevil is put in a jail cell.
At some point in time, Weevil tells Veronica that he thinks they targeted him after he was showcased in the criminology class.
At some point in time, Veronica investigates several owners of the student IDs.
At some point in time, the owners of the student IDs seem genuine in accusing Weevil.
At some point in time, Weevil gets bail.
At some point in time, Keith informs Weevil that a student ID printing machine was found in the locker next to Weevil's.
At some point in time, Veronica and Wallace speak to a mechanical engineering professor.
At some point in time, the mechanical engineering professor says that it would be impossible for Weevil to be the culprit.
At some point in time, Piz invites Keith to appear on his show in an election special.
At some point in time, Keith informs Veronica that Weevil's fingerprints were found all over the investigation.
At some point in time, Vinnie gathers some support about his lax underage drinking policy.
At some point in time, Wallace notices someone following him.
At some point in time, the student wants to recruit Wallace for a secret society.
At some point in time, Vinnie insults Keith's handling of his home life.
At some point in time, Veronica hits Vinnie on the head lightly.
At some point in time, Veronica helps Weevil retrace his steps.
At some point in time, Veronica notices Jenny involved with one of Weevil's clients.
At some point in time, Veronica deduces that Jenny and her circle of friends are responsible for creating the fake student IDs.
At some point in time, Jenny and her circle of friends disseminate the fake student IDs.
At some point in time, Jenny and her circle of friends implicate Weevil.
At some point in time, Logan and Dick go surfing.
At some point in time, Logan and Dick run into Veronica, Piz, and Mac helping Wallace with his final project for a class.
At some point in time, Veronica learns that one of Jenny's group lives in the same town in Georgia where the student ID machines are made.
At some point in time, Veronica is called into a room in the library by Jenny's group.
At some point in time, Jenny's group tries to bribe Veronica into not turning them in to the Hearst police.
At some point in time, Veronica denies the bribe.
At some point in time, Veronica records Jenny's group's conversation as further proof.
At some point in time, Jenny's group is hiding a third ID machine.
At some point in time, Veronica tells Weevil to go and find the third ID machine.
At some point in time, Dick shows Logan a sex tape of Piz and Veronica that has been circulating in an email.
At some point in time, Logan thinks Piz posted the sex tape.
At some point in time, Logan attacks Piz.
At some point in time, Logan hits Piz incessantly.
At some point in time, Weevil does have a student ID machine.
At some point in time, Logan walks into Mars Investigations with Piz's blood on him.
At some point in time, "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was written by Phil Klemmer.
At some point in time, Phil Klemmer's writing credit for "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is his fifteenth and final writing credit for Veronica Mars.
At some point in time, Jason Bloom's directing credit for "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is his fourth and final directing credit for Veronica Mars.
At some point in time, Dianna Agron appears in "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down."
At some point in time, Dianna Agron is famous for her role as Quinn Fabray on Glee.
At some point in time, Dianna Agron plays Jenny Budosh in "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down."
At some point in time, Dianna Agron had previously appeared in the episode "President Evil."
At some point in time, the episode prominently features Weevil.
At some point in time, Weevil appears after a five-episode hiatus.
At some point in time, during the third season, Francis Capra was struggling with a medical condition.
At some point in time, the medication Francis Capra took for his illness caused his face and neck to swell and break out with acne.
At some point in time, Rob Thomas included the scene in which Logan attacks Piz on his list of highlights from the third season.
At some point in time, when Rob Thomas first viewed the scene with his wife, she emitted an audible groan.
At some point in time, Rob Thomas's wife anticipated the fight that was about to come.
At some point in time, Rob Thomas thought that most fight scenes on the show were not well-done.
At some point in time, most fight scenes on the show are filmed quickly and without a second unit.
At some point in time, Rob Thomas was pleased with the final cut of the fight scene.
At some point in time, Rob Thomas stated that there was only one punch that he thought looked fake.
At some point in time, in its original broadcast, "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" received 1.78 million viewers.
At some point in time, "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" ranked 77th of 85 in the weekly rankings.
At some point in time, the viewership for "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was a decrease from the previous episode.
At some point in time, the previous episode, "I Know What You'll Do Next Summer," garnered 2.10 million watchers.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman graded "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" a 9.0 out of 10.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman indicated that "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was "amazing."
At some point in time, Eric Goldman's very positive review focused on the ambiguous nature of the main plot.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman's review focused on the subplots of Dick and Logan.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman praised the presence of the majority of the main cast members.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman stated that Dick's reaction to dealing with his brother was realistic for him and in character.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman called the conclusion to the case-of-the-week a "fun and satisfying one."
At some point in time, Eric Goldman stated that the conclusion highlighted the moral ambiguity of main characters.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman stated that the moral ambiguity of main characters was something "that the show had been lacking for a while."
At some point in time, Eric Goldman highlighted the ambiguity in both Weevil and Logan.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman elaborated that Logan attacking Piz showed an interesting side to his personality.
At some point in time, the interesting side to Logan's personality had not been present all season.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman lauded the cliffhanger ending.
At some point in time, Eric Goldman stated that the cliffhanger ending was "a reminder of how exciting and intense this show can be at its best."
At some point in time, Television Without Pity did not grant "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" a rating.
At some point in time, Television Without Pity lauded the characterization of Weevil.
At some point in time, Television Without Pity stated that Weevil is "the most consistently written character on the show, bar none."
At some point in time, Kelly West of Cinema Blend focused primarily on the series finale in her review.
At some point in time, Kelly West referred to "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" as containing a solid case-of-the-week.
At some point in time, Kelly West stated that "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was a good mystery-of-the-week.
At some point in time, Kelly West stated that seeing as "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" was the second to last episode, the only thing she cared about was that they finally got more Weevil.
At some point in time, Rowan Kaiser of The A.V. Club gave "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" a mixed review.
At some point in time, Rowan Kaiser stated that the case-of-the-week was an oversimplification of the overall themes of Veronica Mars.
At some point in time, Rowan Kaiser enjoyed the potential for Logan and Dick's character development.
At some point in time, Rowan Kaiser felt that the character development was blunted by the knowledge that the series was about to end.
At some point in time, Rowan Kaiser stated that as fun as "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" is, the lack of the fourth season stops him from fully enjoying it.
At some point in time, Rowan Kaiser stated that the knowledge that "Weevils Wobble But They Don't Go Down" might be the last time they see the characters puts a damper on things.
At some point in time, Rowan Kaiser stated that it is better to go out with good episodes than bad.