At some point in time, View of the World from 9th Avenue is a 1976 illustration by Saul Steinberg.
At some point in time, View of the World from 9th Avenue served as the cover of the March 29, 1976 edition of The New Yorker.
At some point in time, the work presents the view from Manhattan of the rest of the world.
At some point in time, Manhattan is shown as the center of the world in the illustration.
At some point in time, View of the World has been parodied by Ted Rall.
At some point in time, View of the World has been parodied by Columbia Pictures.
At some point in time, View of the World has been parodied by The New Yorker.
At some point in time, View of the World has been parodied by The Economist.
At some point in time, View of the World has been parodied by Mad Magazine.
At some point in time, the work has been imitated without authorization in a variety of ways.
At some point in time, the Columbia parody led to a ruling by the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York.
At some point in time, the ruling in Steinberg v. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. was in favor of Saul Steinberg.
At some point in time, the ruling was due to copyright violations by Columbia Pictures.
At some point in time, the work is regarded as one of the greatest magazine covers of recent generations.
At some point in time, the work is studied by art students around the world.
At some point in time, Saul Steinberg created 85 covers for The New Yorker.
At some point in time, Saul Steinberg created 642 internal drawings and illustrations for The New Yorker.
At some point in time, the March 29, 1976 cover is titled "View of the World from 9th Avenue."
At some point in time, "View of the World from 9th Avenue" is regarded as Saul Steinberg's most famous work.
At some point in time, the work is considered an example of unintentional fame.
At some point in time, Saul Steinberg noted that the type of fame from the work has diminished his significance.
At some point in time, the work is sometimes referred to as "A Parochial New Yorker's View of the World."
At some point in time, the work is sometimes referred to as "A New Yorker's View of the World."
At some point in time, the work depicts a map of the world as seen by self-absorbed New Yorkers.
At some point in time, The New Yorker applied for a copyright from the United States Copyright Office for the work.
At some point in time, The New Yorker assigned the copyright to Saul Steinberg.
At some point in time, The New Yorker subsequently reproduced posters of the painting.
At some point in time, the illustration is split into two parts.
At some point in time, the bottom half of the image shows Manhattan's 9th Avenue, 10th Avenue, and the Hudson River.
At some point in time, the bottom half of the image is appropriately labeled.
At some point in time, the top half of the image depicts the rest of the world.
At some point in time, the illustration provides a westward view over 10th Avenue.
At some point in time, the rest of the United States is the size of three New York City blocks.
At some point in time, the rest of the United States is drawn as a rectangle.
At some point in time, the rectangle is bounded by North American neighbors Canada and Mexico.
At some point in time, a thin brown strip along the Hudson represents "Jersey."
At some point in time, the names of five cities are scattered among a few rocks for the United States beyond New Jersey.
At some point in time, the five cities are Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., Las Vegas, Kansas City, and Chicago.
At some point in time, three states are scattered among a few rocks for the United States beyond New Jersey.
At some point in time, the three states are Texas, Utah, and Nebraska.
At some point in time, New Jersey is in bolder font than the rest of the country beyond the Hudson.
At some point in time, Washington, D.C. is depicted as a remote location near Mexico.
At some point in time, the Pacific Ocean separates the United States from three flattened land masses.
At some point in time, the three flattened land masses are labeled China, Japan, and Russia.
At some point in time, the image depicts the world with a back turned to Europe.
At some point in time, Europe is absent from the painting.
At some point in time, the work is composed in ink, pencil, colored pencil, and watercolor on paper.
At some point in time, the work measures 28 by 19 inches.
At some point in time, the dimensions of the work are 71 cm × 48 cm.
At some point in time, the University of Pennsylvania summarized the work as a "bird's-eye view of the city from Ninth Avenue in a straight line westward."
At some point in time, the University of Pennsylvania described the work as a serious and accurate view of the world.
At some point in time, New York interpreted the New York-centric mind's view of the rest of the world as a set of outer boroughs.
At some point in time, Robert Fulford described the perspective as one in which the entire world is a suburb of Manhattan.
At some point in time, View of the World has been imitated in postcard format by numerous municipalities.
At some point in time, View of the World has been imitated in postcard format by numerous states.
At some point in time, View of the World has been imitated in postcard format by numerous nations.
At some point in time, Saul Steinberg stated that he could have retired on royalties from the many parodies made of the painting.
At some point in time, Saul Steinberg's statement about royalties was contingent on them being paid.
At some point in time, Saul Steinberg had a motivation for his eventual copyright lawsuit for the Moscow on the Hudson use.
At some point in time, Robert Fulford noted that the metaphor of the world as a suburb of Manhattan was understood and borrowed by the whole world.
At some point in time, local artists presented similarly compelling depictions of their own provincial perceptions.
At some point in time, Fulford mentioned that a high school in suburban Ottawa made imitating View of the World an assignment in its graphic arts class.
At some point in time, the results of the assignment were a worldwide variety of global foci from which the students viewed the world.
At some point in time, the illustration humorously depicts New Yorkers' self-image of their place in the world.
At some point in time, the illustration may depict outsiders' view of New Yorkers' self-image.
At some point in time, the work inspired many similar works.
At some point in time, the poster for the 1984 film Moscow on the Hudson was inspired by the illustration.
At some point in time, the movie poster for Moscow on the Hudson led to a lawsuit.
At some point in time, the lawsuit was Steinberg v. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
At some point in time, the lawsuit held that Columbia Pictures violated the copyright Saul Steinberg held on his work.
At some point in time, on June 5, 2003, Ted Rall presented A View of the World from Pennsylvania Avenue as a parody of View of the World from 9th Avenue.
At some point in time, Ted Rall presented A View of the World from Pennsylvania Avenue in a Universal Press Syndicate editorial cartoon.
At some point in time, Ted Rall replaced the letters representing The New Yorker with The Bushie.
At some point in time, the cover was later satirized by Barry Blitt for the cover of The New Yorker on October 6, 2008.
At some point in time, the cover featured Sarah Palin looking out of her window.
At some point in time, Sarah Palin saw only Alaska from her window.
At some point in time, Russia was in the far background of the cover.
At some point in time, the March 21, 2009 The Economist included a story entitled "How China sees the World."
At some point in time, the story in The Economist presents a parody that is also an homage to the original image.
At some point in time, the parody depicts the viewpoint from Beijing's Chang'an Avenue instead of Manhattan.
At some point in time, a caption above the illustration reads "Illustration by Jon Berkeley (with apologies to Steinberg and The New Yorker)."
At some point in time, the illustration accompanied an article that discussed the burgeoning Chinese economy.
At some point in time, the article discussed the contemporary financial crisis.
At some point in time, the October 1, 2012 cover of Mad Magazine satirized the problems with the September release of Apple Inc.'s iOS 6 mobile operating system.
At some point in time, the September release of Apple Inc.'s iOS 6 mobile operating system included Apple Maps.
At some point in time, Apple Maps was a replacement for Google Maps.
At some point in time, the work presents what View of the World might look like if one had relied upon the September 2012 version of Apple Maps.
At some point in time, on October 17, 2005, the American Society of Magazine Editors unveiled its list of the top 40 magazine covers of the prior 40 years.
At some point in time, View of the World from 9th Avenue was ranked in fourth place on the list.
At some point in time, the listing stated that the work has come to represent Manhattan's telescoped perception of the country beyond the Hudson River.
At some point in time, the cartoon showed the supposed limited mental geography of Manhattanites.