At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron is a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) support squadron.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron comes under the control of No. 96 Wing.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron is responsible for the management of the airfield at RAAF Base Woomera, South Australia.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron originated as a maritime patrol unit during World War II.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron was raised in August 1941.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron operated PBY Catalina and Short Empire flying boats from bases in New Guinea, Queensland, and the Northern Territory.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron conducted search-and-rescue missions against Japanese targets in the Pacific theatre.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron conducted mine-laying missions against Japanese targets in the Pacific theatre.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron conducted anti-submarine missions against Japanese targets in the Pacific theatre.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron conducted bombing missions against Japanese targets in the Pacific theatre.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron was disbanded in March 1946.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron was reactivated as an airfield support squadron in April 2015.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron was formed at Port Moresby, New Guinea, on 1 August 1941.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron was formed for a general reconnaissance role.
At some point in time, Squadron Leader W.N. Gibson commanded No. 20 Squadron at its formation.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron's establishment included six PBY Catalina flying boats and 133 personnel.
At some point in time, only five aircraft were available initially for No. 20 Squadron.
At some point in time, all five aircraft available initially for No. 20 Squadron were transferred from No. 11 Squadron.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron had 55 personnel available initially.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron conducted long-range patrols between bases scattered around the islands to Australia's north.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron conducted long-range patrols in conjunction with No. 11 Squadron.
At some point in time, on 18 November 1941, No. 20 Squadron's Catalinas were augmented by two Short Empire flying boats.
At some point in time, the two Short Empire flying boats were transferred from No. 11 Squadron.
At some point in time, on 25 November 1941, one of No. 20 Squadron's Catalinas was dispatched to Western Australia.
At some point in time, the Catalina dispatched to Western Australia joined a No. 11 Squadron Catalina in search-and-rescue missions.
At some point in time, the search-and-rescue missions found only oil slicks.
At some point in time, by the outbreak of war in the Pacific, No. 20 Squadron had a strength of six Catalinas and two Empire flying boats.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron's personnel at the beginning of December numbered 14 officers and 118 men.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron undertook its first sortie of the Pacific War on 8 December.
At some point in time, a Catalina located three Japanese luggers in the vicinity of Thursday Island, Queensland.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron commenced anti-submarine patrols later in December 1941.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron commenced bombing raids against Japanese bases in January 1942.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron was responsible for evacuating white civilians from areas threatened by invasion.
At some point in time, on 21 January, one of No. 20 Squadron's Catalinas located the Japanese fleet steaming for Rabaul.
At some point in time, one of No. 20 Squadron's Catalinas signaled a warning to the town's Australian defenders.
At some point in time, one of No. 20 Squadron's Catalinas was shot down by anti-aircraft fire.
At some point in time, the shot down Catalina was No. 20 Squadron's first combat loss.
At some point in time, the Catalinas of Nos. 11 and 20 Squadrons became the RAAF's only offensive weapon against the Japanese.
At some point in time, the raids on Rabaul did little to stem the Japanese advance.
At some point in time, Port Moresby was subjected to increasingly frequent attacks in the following months.
At some point in time, the attacks on Port Moresby destroyed aircraft, facilities, and squadron records.
At some point in time, in February 1942, the Short Empires operated by Nos. 11 and 20 Squadrons were transferred to No. 33 (Transport) Squadron.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron lost two Catalinas during patrols on 4 and 6 May.
At some point in time, the nine crewmen of the first Catalina lost were later found to have been captured and beheaded.
At some point in time, the crew of the second Catalina lost were captured and subsequently disappeared without trace.
At some point in time, Nos. 11 and 20 Squadrons moved to Bowen, Queensland, on 7 May 1942.
At some point in time, Nos. 11 and 20 Squadrons were soon attacking Japanese targets in Lae, Salamaua, and Rabaul.
At some point in time, on 27 June, each squadron contributed an aircraft to a four-hour raid over Lae and Salamaua.
At some point in time, the RAAF crews dropped beer bottles to entertain the enemy soldiers during the raid.
At some point in time, the sound of the beer bottles falling through the air was described as "something between a shrill whistle and a scream."
At some point in time, by 1 July, No. 20 Squadron's strength was six Catalinas and 175 personnel.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron had a planned establishment of nine aircraft and 415 personnel.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron's prime responsibility in early 1942 was maritime reconnaissance as far as New Guinea, the Solomon Islands, and New Caledonia.
At some point in time, the latter half of 1942 saw a greater focus on night bombing for No. 20 Squadron.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron comprised 252 officers and men by late 1942.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron relocated to Cairns on 11 November 1942.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron continued to conduct reconnaissance operations over the waters around New Guinea from Cairns.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron conducted anti-submarine operations over the waters around New Guinea.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron conducted occasional bombing operations over the waters around New Guinea.
At some point in time, between December 1942 and March 1943, No. 20 Squadron's aircraft flew a total of 9,629 hours.
At some point in time, between December 1942 and March 1943, No. 20 Squadron dropped 227 tons of bombs.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron commenced mine-laying operations over the Netherlands East Indies and the Philippines in June 1943.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron continued to make some bombing raids and supply drops in June 1943.
At some point in time, in September 1944, No. 20 Squadron became part of No. 76 Wing RAAF.
At some point in time, No. 76 Wing RAAF included Nos. 42 and 43 Squadrons.
At some point in time, all three squadrons operated Catalinas.
At some point in time, the primary purpose of the three squadrons was mine-laying.
At some point in time, on the night of 30 September, a Catalina of No. 20 Squadron was shot down while attacking a ship at Pomelaa.
At some point in time, one of the coordinators of the mining campaign, Lieutenant Commander P.E. Carr of the Royal Australian Navy, was aboard the plane that was shot down.
At some point in time, Lieutenant Commander P.E. Carr was captured by the Japanese.
At some point in time, another of No. 20 Squadron's Catalinas went down on the night of 27/28 January 1945.
At some point in time, the second Catalina possibly went down in a cyclone over the Timor Sea.
At some point in time, the second Catalina was during the campaign to mine Surabaya.
At some point in time, in March, a detachment of four No. 20 Squadron aircraft laid mines off the coast of southern China and Formosa.
At some point in time, the operations in March were part of a No. 76 Wing offensive in this area.
At some point in time, the operations in March were conducted from Leyte Gulf in the Philippines.
At some point in time, one of No. 20 Squadron's Catalinas was lost on the night of 7/8 March.
At some point in time, the loss of the Catalina on the night of 7/8 March was most likely owing to bad weather.
At some point in time, three of No. 20 Squadron's aircraft mined the entrance to Hong Kong harbour on 8 April.
At some point in time, on 26 May, four of No. 20 Squadron's Catalinas mined Wenchow harbour in China.
At some point in time, Wenchow harbour was the furthest north that any Australian aircraft infiltrated during the war in the Pacific.
At some point in time, three of No. 20 Squadron's aircraft flew the RAAF's last mine-laying mission on 30 July.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron's final wartime sortie was a patrol on 14 August 1945.
At some point in time, following the end of the war, No. 20 Squadron operated in the transport role.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron ferried Australian prisoners of war home from various locations in South East Asia.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron relocated to RAAF Station Rathmines, New South Wales, on 21 November.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron flew its last mission, a transport flight to Balikpapan, on 21 January 1946.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron disbanded at Rathmines on 27 March 1946.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron was reactivated on 1 April 2015.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron supports airfield operations at RAAF Base Woomera, South Australia.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron consists of nine uniformed personnel and one Australian Public Service member.
At some point in time, Squadron Leader Simon Bartlett commands No. 20 Squadron.
At some point in time, No. 20 Squadron forms part of No. 96 Wing.
At some point in time, No. 96 Wing is a component of Combat Support Group (CSG).
At some point in time, the airfield at RAAF Base Woomera had previously been managed under the auspices of Aerospace Operational Support Group.
At some point in time, a command-and-control review commissioned by the Chief of Air Force recommended that the airfield should be administered by CSG.
At some point in time, RAAF Base Woomera, incorporating Woomera Village, was one of two Air Force units formally established on 12 January 2015.
At some point in time, the other unit established on 12 January 2015 was RAAF Woomera Test Range.
At some point in time, the design of the reactivated squadron's crest includes a wedge-tailed eagle.
At some point in time, the wedge-tailed eagle denotes courage and nobility.
At some point in time, the design of the reactivated squadron's crest includes a woomera spear thrower.
At some point in time, the woomera spear thrower symbolizes the town and its indigenous heritage.
At some point in time, the design of the reactivated squadron's crest includes Sturt's Desert Pea.
At some point in time, Sturt's Desert Pea represents South Australia.
At some point in time, the design of the reactivated squadron's crest includes the Pleiades star cluster.
At some point in time, the Pleiades star cluster features in the folklore of the local Kokatha people.