At some point in time, Robert Boulter is an English film, television, and theatre actor.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter did not have a guest-starring role on the television series The Bill in 2000.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter had a starring role in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens.
At some point in time, The play Herons was performed in 2001 at the Royal Court Theatre.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter had a guest role in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter landed a role as "Craig" in the episode "Teddy's Story" of the television series The Long Firm in 2004.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred alongside actors Mark Strong and Derek Jacobi in The Long Firm.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter was cast in the 2005 theatre productions of the Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, The play Mercury Fur was performed at the Drum Theatre in Plymouth.
At some point in time, The play Mercury Fur was performed at the Menier Chocolate Factory in London.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter was directed by John Tiffany in Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred alongside Ben Whishaw in Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred alongside Shane Zaza in Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred alongside Harry Kent in Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred alongside Fraser Ayres in Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred alongside Sophie Stanton in Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred alongside Dominic Hall in Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred alongside Ben Whishaw in the play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill in 2006.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter appeared on a 2006 episode of the television series Doctors.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter had a role in the 2007 theatre production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke.
At some point in time, The play How to Curse was performed at Bush Theatre in the London Borough of Hammersmith and Fulham.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred in two films in 2008.
At some point in time, The film Daylight Robbery was directed by filmmaker Paris Leonti.
At some point in time, The film Donkey Punch was directed by Olly Blackburn.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter made a guest appearance on a two-part episode arc of the television series Waking the Dead in May 2008.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter appeared on the television series Survivors in November 2008.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter had a recurring role in ten episodes of the television series Casualty in 2010.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter portrayed "Kieron Fletcher" in Casualty.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred in the 2011 film Mercenaries directed by Paris Leonti.
Robert Boulter had a guest-starring role on the television series The Bill in 2000.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter portrayed "Scott Parry" in the episode "In Safe Hands" of The Bill.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred as "Scott" in the play Herons written by Simon Stephens.
At some point in time, A review of Robert Boulter's performance in The Independent on Sunday described him as "horribly menacing" in the role.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter received critical reviews in The Herald.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter received critical reviews in the Evening Standard.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter appeared in the television series Judge John Deed in 2002 as "Addem Armitage".
At some point in time, Robert Boulter had a role as a different character "Toby Steele" on The Bill.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter had a recurring role in 2003 on two episodes of The Bill as character "Connor Price".
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred as "Darren" in the 2005 theatre productions of the Philip Ridley play Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter received a favorable review in The Daily Telegraph.
At some point in time, The Daily Telegraph described the acting in Mercury Fur as "shatteringly intense".
At some point in time, The Daily Telegraph noted "wired performances from Ben Whishaw, Robert Boulter, Shane Zaza, and Fraser Ayres".
At some point in time, The Guardian noted "Ben Whishaw and Robert Boulter offer tenderness amid the savagery".
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred in the play Citizenship written by Mark Ravenhill in 2006.
At some point in time, The play Citizenship was part of a series titled Burn/Chatroom/Citizenship.
At some point in time, In a 2006 interview, fellow actor Ben Whishaw identified Robert Boulter as one of his favorite co-stars.
At some point in time, Ben Whishaw stated he loved working with Robert Boulter.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter played Ben Whishaw's brother in Mercury Fur.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter portrayed "Jason Tyler" on the 2006 episode of the television series Doctors titled "Something I Ate".
At some point in time, Robert Boulter starred as "William" in the 2007 production of How to Curse directed by Josie Rourke.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter portrayed a character named "Sean" in Donkey Punch.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter's character "Sean" tags along with character "Josh".
At some point in time, Robert Boulter's character "Sean" is described as the "quiet brother... who hits it off with Tammi".
At some point in time, Robert Boulter guest starred on a two-part episode arc "Wounds" in May 2008 of the television series Waking the Dead.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter appeared on the television series Survivors as "Neil" in November 2008.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter portrayed an emergency physician applying for a medical fellowship in Casualty.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter commented on the inherent difficulties in portraying a physician on television.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter stated that pretending to know what he is talking about when he doesn't is very bizarre.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter mentioned that there are advisers on set who are fantastic at taking actors through procedures.
At some point in time, Robert Boulter stated that advisers on set give actors the confidence to stand there and look like they know what they are doing.