At some point in time, Chad sent a delegation of two athletes to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué competed in the men's 100 meters at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed in the women's 100 meters at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert bore the Chadian flag during ceremonies at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué ranked first in his heat at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert ranked first in her heat at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué advanced past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert advanced past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the appearance of the delegation marked the tenth appearance of Chad at the Summer Olympics.
Chad's first appearance at the Summer Olympics was in the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
Chad's seventh appearance at the Summer Olympics occurred after its Olympic hiatus between 1976 and 1980.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué ranked seventh in his heat at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert ranked seventh in her heat at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué did not advance past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert did not advance past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, as of the end of the 2012 London Olympics, there have been no medalists from Chad.
At some point in time, Chad is a landlocked country in Africa.
At some point in time, Chad's northern region lies within the eastern reaches of the Sahara Desert.
At some point in time, Chad's southern region lies within the eastern portion of the Sahel.
At some point in time, Chad borders Libya to the south.
At some point in time, Chad borders Niger to the east.
At some point in time, Chad borders Sudan to the west.
At some point in time, Chad borders the Central African Republic to the north.
At some point in time, Chad was originally part of French West Africa until 1960.
At some point in time, Chad declared independence in 1960.
At some point in time, Chad made its début at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
At some point in time, Chad became embroiled in civil war for the next three decades.
At some point in time, Chad experienced invasions by Libya.
At some point in time, Chad experienced upheavals by Sudanese-backed rebels.
At some point in time, the civil war in Chad ended in 1990.
At some point in time, rebel threats persisted in Chad between 1990 and 2008.
At some point in time, athletes from Chad did not attend the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montréal, Canada.
At some point in time, athletes from Chad did not attend the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.
At some point in time, Chad sent delegations to all other Summer Olympics between 1964 and 2008.
At some point in time, the largest Chadian delegation to reach the Olympics appeared in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
At some point in time, the largest Chadian delegation to reach the Olympics appeared in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
At some point in time, Chad's National Olympic Committee sent six athletes in both the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the National Olympic Committee sent Chad's first female Olympian during the 1992 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, at least one woman has been a part of the Chadian delegation up to and including the Beijing games.
At some point in time, the smallest contingency of Chadian Olympians occurred during the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
At some point in time, only Kaltouma Nadjina competed on Chad's behalf during the 2004 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the delegation that arrived in Beijing consisted of two athletes.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué was 30 years old at the time of the Beijing Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert was 15 years old at the time of the Beijing Olympics.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué participated in track events at the Beijing Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert participated in track events at the Beijing Olympics.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué competed in the tenth heat against seven other athletes during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué finished the race in 11.14 seconds during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué placed seventh in his heat during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué finished ahead of Tuvalu's Okinali Tinilau during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué finished behind Gabon’s Wilfried Bingangoye during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Churandy Martina led the heat in which Moumi Sébergué competed during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Naoki Tsukahara finished second in the heat in which Moumi Sébergué competed during the qualification round.
At some point in time, of the 80 athletes who participated in the events, Moumi Sébergué ranked 70th.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué did not advance to later rounds.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed in the eighth heat against seven other athletes during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished the race in 12.55 seconds during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert placed seventh in her heat during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished ahead of the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Franka Magali during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished behind Papua New Guinea's Mae Koime during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Damola Osayomi led the heat in which Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed during the qualification round.
At some point in time, Debbie Ferguson-McKenzie finished second in the heat in which Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed during the qualification round.
At some point in time, of the event's 85 competitors, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished in 64th place.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert did not advance to round two and beyond.
At some point in time, ranks given for track events are within the athlete's heat only.