At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Vinta, was a typhoon that made landfall in the northern Philippines in late October 2013.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa formed on October 27 near Guam.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa slowly intensified while moving westward.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa developed an eye and became a typhoon before striking Luzon on October 31.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa weakened over land.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa re-intensified over the South China Sea.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa reached peak winds of 150 km/h (90 mph) on November 2 off the southeast coast of China.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa stalled and encountered unfavorable conditions.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa experienced quick weakening.
At some point in time, by November 3, Typhoon Krosa had weakened to tropical storm status.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa was no longer being warned on by November 4.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa damaged 32,000 houses in northern Luzon.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa destroyed 3,000 houses in northern Luzon.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa caused four fatalities in northern Luzon.
At some point in time, high winds and rainfall from Typhoon Krosa left P277 million (PHP, $6.4 million USD) in damage.
At some point in time, on October 27, an area of convection with a broad circulation persisted southeast of Guam.
At some point in time, the area of convection slowly consolidated due to moderate wind shear and westerly outflow.
At some point in time, on October 27, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) classified the system as a tropical depression.
At some point in time, the tropical depression was located about 380 km (235 mi) to the southeast of Hagåtña, Guam.
At some point in time, the tropical depression slowly weakened while moving westward.
At some point in time, at 2100 UTC on October 28, the Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration (PAGASA) began issuing advisories on the depression.
At some point in time, PAGASA gave the depression the local name Vinta.
At some point in time, on October 29, the JMA upgraded the depression to Tropical Storm Krosa (1329).
At some point in time, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) classified the system as Tropical Depression 29W.
At some point in time, at that time, the storm was moving steadily westward due to the subtropical ridge to the north.
At some point in time, Krosa gradually strengthened due to warm waters of the Philippine Sea, lessening wind shear, and improving outflow.
At some point in time, the JTWC upgraded Krosa to tropical storm status on October 30 after an eye feature developed.
At some point in time, Krosa quickly intensified while approaching northern Luzon on October 29.
At some point in time, the initial eye feature organized into a well-defined eye.
At some point in time, late on October 30, the JTWC upgraded Krosa to typhoon status.
At some point in time, on October 31, both PAGASA and JMA upgraded Krosa to typhoon status.
At some point in time, Krosa made landfall in northeastern Luzon near Cagayan on October 31.
At some point in time, Krosa developed a symmetric eyewall while initially moving over land.
At some point in time, land interaction weakened the eye by the time Krosa emerged into the South China Sea late on October 31.
At some point in time, on November 1, convection rebuilt around the center of Krosa.
At some point in time, favorable conditions allowed for restrengthening of Krosa.
At some point in time, late on November 1, a large eye redeveloped.
At some point in time, the JTWC estimated Krosa attained peak 1-minute sustained winds of 185 km/h (115 mph).
At some point in time, early on November 2, the JMA estimated Krosa reached peak 10-minute winds of 140 km/h (85 mph).
At some point in time, increasing wind shear caused the eye of Krosa to deteriorate.
At some point in time, Krosa began slowing about 260 km (160 mi) east-southeast of Hong Kong after reaching the western edge of the subtropical ridge.
At some point in time, Krosa began moving steadily to the west-southwest due to a new ridge.
At some point in time, the convection continued to weaken due to continued shear and cooler waters from upwelling.
At some point in time, Krosa deteriorated to tropical storm status on November 3.
At some point in time, on November 4, the JTWC issued its final advisory after the circulation became exposed from the convection.
At some point in time, on November 4, the JMA downgraded Krosa to tropical depression status off the northeast Vietnam coast.
At some point in time, the system dissipated at 0000 UTC on November 5.
At some point in time, before Krosa struck the Philippines, PAGASA issued a number 3 warning signal for portions of northern Luzon.
At some point in time, winds in northern Luzon were expected to reach over 100 km/h (60 mph).
At some point in time, PAGASA noted the potential for flooding and landslides.
At some point in time, high winds knocked down trees across Luzon.
At some point in time, high winds left about 80% of Cagayan province without power.
At some point in time, some areas in Cagayan were without internet or cellphone service.
At some point in time, portions of the Pan-Philippine Highway were blocked.
At some point in time, in Lal-Lo, Cagayan, a car crashed into a gasoline truck due to power outages.
At some point in time, agriculture damage in the Philippines was estimated at P273 million (PHP, $6.3 million USD).
At some point in time, agriculture damage occurred just before the start of the harvest.
At some point in time, across the island, Typhoon Krosa damaged 32,745 houses.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa destroyed 3,837 houses.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa forced 65,648 people to evacuate to storm shelters.
At some point in time, overall, Typhoon Krosa killed four people in the Philippines.
At some point in time, Typhoon Krosa left P273 million (PHP, $6.4 million USD) in damage.
At some point in time, after the storm, workers quickly restored power lines.
At some point in time, the government provided monetary assistance to storm-ravaged families.
At some point in time, Cagayan was declared a state of calamity.
At some point in time, members of the Philippine military worked to clean up following the storm.
At some point in time, members of the Department of Public Works and Highways worked to clean up following the storm.
At some point in time, the China National Meteorological Centre issued a "yellow alert" for Hainan due to the threat of the storm.
At some point in time, the "yellow alert" is the second-lowest of the four-level warning system.
At some point in time, the China National Meteorological Centre recommended boats to return to port.
At some point in time, agencies in Vietnam warned for the potential of heavy rainfall due to the dissipating Tropical Depression Krosa.
At some point in time, agencies in Vietnam released water from three dams to prevent overflow.