At some point in time, the 2010 Claxton Shield was the 57th Claxton Shield tournament.
At some point in time, the 2010 Claxton Shield was the premier baseball competition in Australia.
At some point in time, the 2010 Claxton Shield was held from 6 November 2009 to 7 February 2010.
At some point in time, the 2010 Claxton Shield was hailed as the precursor to the new Australian Baseball League.
At some point in time, the new Australian Baseball League will start in late 2010 to early 2011.
At some point in time, the Victoria Aces defeated South Australia in the championship series.
At some point in time, the Victoria Aces defeated South Australia two games to nil in the championship series.
At some point in time, the Claxton Shield had been awarded to a Victorian team 22 times before 2010.
At some point in time, the competition was sponsored by Domino's Pizza.
At some point in time, the Victoria Aces finished in first place in the regular season.
At some point in time, the Victoria Aces had a 17 – 7 record in the regular season.
At some point in time, the Victoria Aces earned home-field advantage for the three-game championship series.
At some point in time, South Australia hosted the three-game semi-final series against the New South Wales Patriots.
At some point in time, South Australia and the New South Wales Patriots both finished with a 14 – 10 record.
At some point in time, the Perth Heat had a 12 – 12 record in the regular season.
At some point in time, the Queensland Rams had a 3 – 21 record in the regular season.
At some point in time, the Perth Heat failed to qualify for the finals.
At some point in time, the Queensland Rams failed to qualify for the finals.
At some point in time, in June 2009, it was announced that the rights to the Claxton Shield had been sold to a new Australian Baseball League.
At some point in time, the ownership of the new Australian Baseball League is split between Major League Baseball and the Australian Baseball Federation.
At some point in time, Major League Baseball owns a 75 percent share of the new Australian Baseball League.
At some point in time, the Australian Baseball Federation owns a 25 percent share of the new Australian Baseball League.
At some point in time, the 2010 tournament was considered preparation for the inaugural ABL season.
At some point in time, the 2010 tournament expanded the season to include ten rounds.
At some point in time, five teams were involved in the 2010 tournament.
At some point in time, four teams paired off for each round and played a three-game series.
At some point in time, one team took a bye during each round.
At some point in time, each team had two bye rounds during the season.
At some point in time, each team played two rounds against each other team, one at home and one away.
At some point in time, the schedule allowed for 24 regular-season games per team.
At some point in time, the first-place team directly qualified for the championship series.
At some point in time, the first-place team played against the winner of a playoff series between the second- and third-place teams.
At some point in time, games were played on a Friday night during the regular season.
At some point in time, a doubleheader was held on Saturday during the regular season.
At some point in time, in each doubleheader, one of the two games was shortened to seven innings.
At some point in time, Perth played their home games on a Thursday night instead of a doubleheader on Saturday.
At some point in time, each postseason series was scheduled for a Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
At some point in time, the 2010 series allowed each team to make use of a 19-man active roster.
At some point in time, exceptions were made that allowed teams' active rosters to expand to 21 players.
At some point in time, two games during the season had to be postponed because of poor weather.
At some point in time, both postponed games involved teams meeting for the first time during the season.
At some point in time, make-up games were scheduled at the start of the return series between the teams.
At some point in time, the make-up games resulted in two four-game series.
At some point in time, in both cases, the teams had a 19-man roster for the make-up game.
At some point in time, in both cases, the teams had an expanded 21-man roster for the originally scheduled series.
At some point in time, the 2010 Claxton Shield was contested between five teams from around Australia.
At some point in time, each team held their home games at only one venue during the season.
At some point in time, the New South Wales Patriots' final home series against the Perth Heat was held at Gilchrist Oval.
At some point in time, all of the New South Wales Patriots' other home games were held at Blacktown Baseball Stadium.
At some point in time, game one of the fifth-round series between New South Wales and the Victoria Aces was moved to La Trobe University, Melbourne.
At some point in time, game one of the fifth-round series was moved because of poor attendance at Geelong Baseball Park.
At some point in time, the Geelong games had attracted crowds of no more than 500.
At some point in time, the moved game had an attendance of 2,200.
At some point in time, no further regular season games were moved after the fifth-round series.
At some point in time, the finals series hosted by the Aces was held at La Trobe University.
At some point in time, a game postponed from Round 7 was held in Round 8.
At some point in time, the postponed game from Round 7 was played with the Victoria Aces as the away team.
At some point in time, the postponed game from Round 7 was played with the Queensland Rams as the home team.
At some point in time, the postponed game from Round 7 was played at Geelong Baseball Park, Geelong, Victoria.
At some point in time, a game postponed from Round 3 was held in Round 9.
At some point in time, the postponed game from Round 3 was played with South Australia as the away team.
At some point in time, the postponed game from Round 3 was played with the Victoria Aces as the home team.
At some point in time, the postponed game from Round 3 was played at Norwood Oval, Adelaide, South Australia.
At some point in time, the Queensland Rams were the first team to be eliminated from contention for the finals.
At some point in time, the Queensland Rams were swept four games to nil by the Victoria Aces in round 8.
At some point in time, South Australia clinched a position in the finals despite finishing the round in second position.
At some point in time, the last two spots in the finals were decided in the final round.
At some point in time, the Victoria Aces clinched top spot by sweeping the Perth Heat.
At some point in time, the New South Wales Patriots swept the Queensland Rams.
At some point in time, the sweep of the Queensland Rams eliminated Perth from contention for the finals.
At some point in time, the sweep of the Queensland Rams secured the last finals spot for the New South Wales Patriots.
At some point in time, the 2010 Claxton Shield made use of the same finals structure as the 2009 season.
At some point in time, the top three teams at the conclusion of the ten rounds of regular-season games qualified for the finals.
At some point in time, the second- and third-place teams faced each other in a best-of-three series.
At some point in time, the best-of-three series was hosted by the second-place team.
At some point in time, the winner of the best-of-three series faced the first-place team for another best-of-three series.
At some point in time, South Australia hosted the New South Wales Patriots at Norwood Oval, Adelaide.
At some point in time, the Victoria Aces hosted the championship series at La Trobe University, Melbourne.
At some point in time, the home team and away team alternated during each of the finals series.
At some point in time, South Australia was officially the away team for game two of its series against New South Wales.
At some point in time, Victoria was the away team in the championship series.
At some point in time, South Australia defeated the New South Wales Patriots two games to one in the semi-final series.
At some point in time, South Australia progressed to the championship series against the Victoria Aces.
At some point in time, South Australia was defeated two games to nil in the championship series.
At some point in time, Matthew Blackmore was named Claxton Shield Final Series MVP after game two of the championship series.
At some point in time, Matthew Blackmore was named Pitcher of the Year after game two of the championship series.
At some point in time, at the conclusion of the finals series, the winners of two awards were announced.
At some point in time, Matthew Blackmore won both the Pitcher of the Year award and the Finals Series MVP award.
At some point in time, Wayne Lundgren was announced as the 35th winner of the Helms Award at the Baseball Australia Diamond Awards.
At some point in time, the Baseball Australia Diamond Awards were held on 6 March at the Hotel Grand Chancellor, Adelaide.
At some point in time, Wayne Lundgren won the Claxton Shield's Most Valuable Player award.
At some point in time, Wayne Lundgren was the first pitcher to win the Claxton Shield's Most Valuable Player award since 1986.
At some point in time, Paul Mildren was a runner-up for the Most Valuable Player award by two votes.
At some point in time, Michael Collins was a runner-up for the Most Valuable Player award by two votes.