At some point in time, Hannah Dodd was born on 27 April 1992.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd is from Arcadia, New South Wales.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd is an Australian Grade IV equestrian competitor.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd is a 2.0 Point wheelchair basketball player.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd represented Australia in equestrian at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd came 11th in her Individual Championship Test – Grade IV at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd came 12th in her Individual Freestyle Test – Grade IV at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd came 11th in the Team Test – Grade IV at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd made her debut with the national wheelchair basketball team at the Osaka Cup in February 2015.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd won bronze with the national wheelchair basketball team at the Osaka Cup in February 2015.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd was the Australian national Grade IV para-equestrian champion in 2008.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd was the runner-up in the Australian national Grade IV para-equestrian championships in 2009.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd won the Australian national championships in 2011.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd won the Oceania Championships in 2011.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd won the National Titles team events in 2011.
At some point in time, by 2012, Hannah Dodd was the top-ranked Australian competitor in her event and class.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd started playing wheelchair basketball for the Sydney University Flames in 2013.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd made her debut with the national wheelchair basketball team at the Osaka Friendship Games in February 2015.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd was part of the Under 25 team at the 2015 Women’s U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in Beijing in July 2015.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd won silver with the Under 25 team at the 2015 Women’s U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship in Beijing in July 2015.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd has sacral agenesis.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd has spina bifida with upper limb dystonia.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd is missing four vertebrae in her back.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd's kidneys started failing when she was about a year old.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd's entire renal system needed to be reconstructed.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd has two older brothers.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd can walk with the aid of a caliper.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd also uses a wheelchair.
At some point in time, as of 2012, Hannah Dodd is a horse riding teacher.
At some point in time, as of 2012, Hannah Dodd is a student at the University of Western Sydney.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd is majoring in sports and exercise science.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd is coached by Peter Turner.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd dislocates several bones every time she rides her horse due to her sacral agenesis.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd has had to find alternative ways of coping with pain associated with riding due to anti-doping rules.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd has been around horses since she was four months old.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd was able to ride on her own by the time she was two years old.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd learned to ride before she learned to walk.
At some point in time, the sport of equestrian gave Hannah Dodd a degree of independence.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd started competing in equestrian in 2005.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd first represented Australia in equestrian in 2006.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd won her first test in England in 2006.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd became the youngest-ever winner of the Australian national championships in 2008.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd finished first at the March 2009 inter-schools cup at the St Ives Showground.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd finished second at the 2009 Australian national championships.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd's horse, Lucifer's Dream, was injured in 2009.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd searched for another horse in 2009 and 2010 to assist her in getting through Paralympic qualification.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd won the Australian national championships again in 2011.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London in equestrian events with her horse Waikiwi.
At some point in time, the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London were Hannah Dodd's first Paralympics.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd was the youngest Australian equestrian competitor at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
At some point in time, a fundraiser was organized by residents of Arcadia, New South Wales for Hannah Dodd.
At some point in time, the Australian Paralympic Committee covered Hannah Dodd's costs and the cost of her horse.
At some point in time, funds were required for Hannah Dodd's coach at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd usually dislocates a shoulder during a wheelchair basketball game.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd has had a few bangs and scrapes during wheelchair basketball games.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd has been tipped out of her wheelchair a few times during wheelchair basketball games.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd finds wheelchair basketball really fun.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd believes the fast pace of wheelchair basketball gives her an adrenaline kick.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd believes the girls she plays with in wheelchair basketball are awesome.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd stated that if she has to choose between her two sports for Rio, she will go with basketball.
At some point in time, by 2015, Hannah Dodd's health had deteriorated.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd had to use a wheelchair much of the time by 2015.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd's classification dropped to a 2.5 point player by 2015.
At some point in time, Hannah Dodd was reclassified as a 2.0 point player in 2015.