At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre was born around 1945 or 1953.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre is an Anmatyerre-speaking Indigenous Australian.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre is from Central Australia.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre began painting around 1990.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works of contemporary Indigenous Australian art have been acquired by several major collections.
At some point in time, Artbank has acquired works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
At some point in time, The National Gallery of Victoria has acquired works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings portray bush plum dreaming.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings portray women’s ceremonies known as Awelye.
At some point in time, one of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings sold at a charity auction for A$22,800.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works are strongly coloured.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works are formalist in composition.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's works regularly appear at commercial art auctions in Australia.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's art appears to have survived the contraction of the primary art market in Australia since 2008.
There is no existing Catalogue raisonné of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's artworks.
No fakes of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's artworks have been cited to date.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre was born at the Santa Teresa Mission.
At some point in time, the Santa Teresa Mission is near Alice Springs in Australia's Northern Territory.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre indicated that her name was Josepha rather than Josie when she began painting for Mbantua Gallery.
At some point in time, Mbantua Gallery is located in central Australia.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre wished to be known as Josepha.
At some point in time, Mbantua's biography is the only source that has used the version of her name as Josepha.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre married Robin Petyarre.
At some point in time, Robin Petyarre is the brother of artist Gloria Petyarre.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre moved to the region of Utopia after marrying Robin Petyarre.
At some point in time, Utopia is north-east of Alice Springs.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre was living in Utopia when she began painting around 1990.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre and Robin Petyarre had seven children.
At some point in time, one of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's children is Damien Petrick.
At some point in time, Damien Petrick became an artist like his mother.
At some point in time, by 2008, Josie Petrick's husband had died.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre was dividing her time between Alice Springs and Harts Range by 2008.
At some point in time, contemporary Indigenous art of the western desert began in 1971.
At some point in time, Indigenous men at Papunya created murals and canvases using western art materials in 1971.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Bardon assisted Indigenous men at Papunya in creating murals and canvases.
At some point in time, Indigenous men at Papunya used acrylic paints to create designs representing body painting and ground sculptures.
At some point in time, the work of Indigenous men at Papunya rapidly spread across Indigenous communities of central Australia.
At some point in time, the introduction of a government-sanctioned art program in central Australia occurred in 1983.
At some point in time, by the 1980s and '90s, Indigenous art was being exhibited internationally.
At some point in time, the first artists of the contemporary Indigenous art movement were men.
At some point in time, all of the founders of the Papunya Tula artists' company were men.
At some point in time, there was resistance among the Pintupi men of central Australia to women painting.
At some point in time, many women wished to participate in painting.
At some point in time, in the 1990s, many women began to paint.
At some point in time, people in western desert communities such as Utopia, Kintore, Yuendumu, and Balgo began to create artworks for exhibition and sale.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre began painting about 1990 or 1992.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's painting career is part of the contemporary Indigenous art movement that began at Papunya in the 1970s.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's career remained stagnant despite her work being included in the National Gallery of Victoria's 2006 Landmarks exhibition.
At some point in time, by 1998, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work was being collected by both private and public institutions.
At some point in time, Charles Sturt University collected works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
At some point in time, in 2005, the National Gallery of Victoria purchased a work by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's career received a significant boost when her work was included in the National Gallery of Victoria's 2006 Landmarks exhibition.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's painting was printed opposite that of Yannima Tommy Watson in the 2006 Landmarks exhibition catalogue.
At some point in time, Yannima Tommy Watson was famous by the time of the 2006 Landmarks exhibition.
At some point in time, Yannima Tommy Watson contributed to the design of a new building for the Musée du quai Branly.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings have been included at exhibitions in several private galleries in Melbourne.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings have been included at exhibitions in Hong Kong.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings have been included at the Australian embassy in Washington in 2001.
At some point in time, in 2006, a commissioned work by Josepha Petrick Kemarre was exhibited at Shalom College at the University of New South Wales.
At some point in time, the exhibition at Shalom College was part of a charity fundraising exhibition.
At some point in time, the commissioned work by Josepha Petrick Kemarre sold for A$22,000.
At some point in time, as of the end of 2008, the highest recorded auction price for an item of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work was A$22,800.
At some point in time, the highest recorded auction price for an item of Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work was set in May 2007.
At some point in time, an image based on a triptych by Josepha Petrick Kemarre appears on the cover of a book on the visual perception of motion titled Motion Vision.
At some point in time, Central Australian artists frequently paint particular dreamings for which they have responsibility or rights.
At some point in time, the dreamings painted by Central Australian artists are used to pass important knowledge, cultural values, and belief systems from generation to generation.
At some point in time, paintings by Josepha Petrick Kemarre portray two different groups of dreamings.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings are rendered in two distinct styles.
At some point in time, bush plum dreaming represents a plant of the central Australian desert.
At some point in time, bush plum is a source of physical and spiritual sustenance for local Indigenous people.
At some point in time, bush plum dreaming reminds local Indigenous people of the sacredness of their country.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings of bush plum dreaming are undertaken with red, blue, and orange dots.
At some point in time, the red, blue, and orange dots represent the fruit of bush plum at different stages in its development.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre also paints women’s ceremonies known as Awelye.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's paintings of women's ceremonies include representations of women's ceremonial iconography.
At some point in time, journalist Zelda Cawthorne described Josepha Petrick Kemarre as one of the finest contemporary Aboriginal artists.
At some point in time, art consultant Adrian Newstead has ranked Josepha Petrick Kemarre among the country's top 200 Indigenous artists.
At some point in time, Adrian Newstead noted that Josepha Petrick Kemarre has become known for innovative works.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's innovative works create a sense of visual harmony through fine variegated fields of immaculately applied dotting.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's style is described as an interesting modern interpretation of landscape by Indigenous art writers Birnberg and Kreczmanski.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work is held in a variety of public collections.
At some point in time, Josepha Petrick Kemarre's work is held in a variety of private collections.
At some point in time, Artbank holds works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
At some point in time, the Charles Sturt University Collection holds works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
At some point in time, the Holmes a Court Collection holds works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.
At some point in time, the National Gallery of Victoria holds works by Josepha Petrick Kemarre.