At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball is a 1995 action video game.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball is a spin-off from the Kirby series.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball is for the Game Boy portable console.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball is a Breakout clone.
At some point in time, the player controls paddles along the screen's edge.
At some point in time, the player knocks a bouncing ball, Kirby, into destructible bricks.
At some point in time, the game has 55 levels.
At some point in time, the game includes power-ups.
At some point in time, the game includes bonus rounds.
At some point in time, the game includes minigames.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was developed by HAL Laboratory.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was developed by Nintendo R&D1.
At some point in time, the development team spent a week revising the gameplay.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was published by Nintendo first in Japan in 1995.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was published by Nintendo later in Europe.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was published by Nintendo last in North America in 1996.
At some point in time, reviewers considered Kirby's Block Ball an improvement on the Breakout formula.
At some point in time, reviewers praised the gameplay craftsmanship of Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, reviewers praised the incorporation of the Kirby series in Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was included in multiple top Game Boy game lists.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was later emulated on the Nintendo 3DS Virtual Console.
At some point in time, the player loses a life if Kirby hits the edge of the screen.
At some point in time, each of the game's eleven stages includes five rounds.
At some point in time, each round has increasingly complex block patterns for Kirby to clear.
At some point in time, the game has ten different block types.
At some point in time, the block types vary in durability.
At some point in time, the block types vary in points value.
At some point in time, a well-timed hit of the paddle gives Kirby a powerful bounce.
At some point in time, a powerful bounce allows Kirby to break through harder blocks.
At some point in time, one block type turns the remaining blocks into a bonus round.
At some point in time, the bonus round rewards the player for clearing the screen in the least amount of time.
At some point in time, the player can find warp stars.
At some point in time, the warp stars lead to minigames.
At some point in time, one minigame is air hockey.
At some point in time, the player can earn extra lives in minigames.
At some point in time, the rounds include enemies to attack.
At some point in time, the rounds include enemies to avoid.
At some point in time, some enemies contain bonus items.
At some point in time, each stage ends in a boss fight.
At some point in time, with stone power-ups, Kirby can transform to interact with blocks differently.
At some point in time, with needle power-ups, Kirby can transform to interact with blocks differently.
At some point in time, with flame power-ups, Kirby can transform to interact with blocks differently.
At some point in time, with spark power-ups, Kirby can transform to interact with blocks differently.
At some point in time, the spark power-up lets Kirby break through otherwise indestructible blocks.
At some point in time, the needle power-up lets Kirby hit spikes once without losing a life.
At some point in time, the game has a themed frame.
At some point in time, the game uses a wide palette of colors when played with the Super Game Boy.
At some point in time, the game was developed by HAL Laboratory.
At some point in time, the game was developed with Gunpei Yokoi's Nintendo R&D1.
At some point in time, Nintendo published Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, at one point in development, HAL decided that the game did not feel like a Kirby game.
At some point in time, the development team spent six months completely revising the game.
At some point in time, the revisions were under explicit instructions on how Kirby should move.
Kirby games contain elements of unrestricted, creative movement as a general theme.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was released for the Game Boy first in Japan in 1995.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was released later in Europe in 1995.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was released in North America in May 1996.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was released first in Japan in October 2011.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was released later in Europe in February 2012.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball was released in North America in May 2012.
At some point in time, on release, four reviewers of Electronic Gaming Monthly applauded Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, the reviewers applauded Kirby's Block Ball for modifying the Breakout formula.
At some point in time, the reviewers considered Kirby's Block Ball a new and enjoyable game.
At some point in time, the reviewers praised the unique power-ups in Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, Crispin Boyer felt the game was too short.
At some point in time, Crispin Boyer felt the game was too easy.
At some point in time, Sushi X felt the game was too short.
At some point in time, Sushi X felt the game was too easy.
At some point in time, Nintendo Power enjoyed Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, Nintendo Power enjoyed the number of stages in Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, Nintendo Power wondered how Kirby's Block Ball's eight megabits of memory were being used.
At some point in time, Nintendo Power found the parts where Kirby eats the unbreakable blocks to be innovative.
At some point in time, all six of Nintendo Power's reviewers recommended Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, IGN wrote that Kirby's Block Ball was primarily remembered as an Arkanoid or Breakout clone.
At some point in time, IGN wrote that Kirby's Block Ball was skinned with the Kirby franchise.
At some point in time, IGN calculated an average reviewer score of 7.4 out of 10 for Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, the Kirby series became known for its number of non-platformer spin-offs.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball is one of the non-platformer spin-offs of the Kirby series.
At some point in time, Kirby's Pinball Land is a non-platformer spin-off of the Kirby series.
At some point in time, Kirby's Dream Course is a non-platformer spin-off of the Kirby series.
At some point in time, Kirby's spherical shape lent itself towards ball-like roles.
At some point in time, IGN wrote that Kirby's Block Ball was the first "truly out there" Kirby spin-off.
At some point in time, IGN wrote that Kirby's Block Ball was too short.
At some point in time, Planet Game Boy called Kirby's Block Ball one of the original Game Boy's ten "all-time classics."
At some point in time, GamesRadar placed Kirby's Block Ball among the top 25 Game Boy games released.
At some point in time, they considered Kirby's Block Ball an improvement upon Alleyway.
Alleyway is a Game Boy launch title.
Alleyway is a Breakout clone.
At some point in time, IGN recommended Kirby's Block Ball upon its 3DS rerelease.
At some point in time, IGN recommended Kirby's Block Ball for Breakout fans.
At some point in time, Nintendo World Report recommended Kirby's Block Ball to players who like score attack games.
At some point in time, Nintendo World Report called Kirby's Block Ball the best version of Breakout released.
At some point in time, retrospective reviewers found Kirby's Block Ball enjoyable.
At some point in time, retrospective reviewers praised the craft behind the gameplay of Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, retrospective reviewers praised the Kirby themes in Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, Kirby's Block Ball received the lowest rating on Tim Rogers's 2004 "Yamanote Scoring System for Portable Games."
At some point in time, Tim Rogers's scoring system is a metric by which he played a game while counting stops on the circular Yamanote train line.
At some point in time, Tim Rogers lost interest in Kirby's Block Ball after one stop.
At some point in time, Tim Rogers called Kirby's Block Ball "too damned bland."
At some point in time, Jeuxvideo.com had high praise for the level design of Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, Jeuxvideo.com had high praise for the graphics of Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, Jeuxvideo.com had high praise for the animations of Kirby's Block Ball.
At some point in time, Jeuxvideo.com found the music of Kirby's Block Ball excellent.
At some point in time, Jeuxvideo.com compared the music of Kirby's Block Ball to the annoying and repetitive soundtrack of most Breakout clones.
At some point in time, Jeuxvideo.com liked how Kirby's Block Ball fit the Kirby universe.
At some point in time, Jeuxvideo.com found Kirby's Block Ball's difficulty increased.
At some point in time, Jeuxvideo.com occasionally had trouble hitting the slow-paced ball with precision.