At some point in time, Chad sent a delegation of two athletes to compete at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué competed in the men's 100 meters at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed in the women's 100 meters at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert bore the Chadian flag during ceremonies at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the appearance of the delegation marked the first appearance of Chad at the Summer Olympics.
Chad's first appearance at the Summer Olympics was in the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
At some point in time, Chad's delegation had its seventh appearance at the Summer Olympics since its Olympic hiatus between 1976 and 1980.
At some point in time, both Moumi Sébergué and Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert ranked seventh in their respective heats.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué did not advance past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert did not advance past the qualification round at the 2008 Summer Olympics.
As of the end of the 2012 London Olympics, there have been no medalists from Chad.
Chad is a landlocked country in Africa.
Chad's northern region lies within the eastern reaches of the Sahara Desert.
Chad's southern region lies within the eastern portion of the Sahel.
Chad borders Libya to the south.
Chad borders Niger to the east.
Chad borders Sudan to the west.
Chad borders the Central African Republic to the north.
At some point in time, Chad was originally part of French West Africa until 1960.
At some point in time, Chad declared independence in 1960.
At some point in time, Chad made its début at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, Japan.
At some point in time, Chad became embroiled in civil war for the next three decades.
At some point in time, Chad experienced invasions by Libya.
At some point in time, Chad experienced upheavals by Sudanese-backed rebels.
At some point in time, the civil war in Chad ended in 1990.
At some point in time, rebel threats persisted in Chad between 1990 and 2008.
At some point in time, athletes from Chad did not attend the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montréal, Canada.
At some point in time, athletes from Chad did not attend the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, USSR.
At some point in time, Chad sent delegations to all other Summer Olympics between 1964 and 2008.
At some point in time, the largest Chadian delegation to reach the Olympics appeared in the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul, South Korea.
At some point in time, the largest Chadian delegation to reach the Olympics appeared in the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain.
At some point in time, Chad's National Olympic Committee sent six athletes to the 1988 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Chad's National Olympic Committee sent six athletes to the 1992 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the NOC sent Chad's first female Olympian during the 1992 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, at least one woman has been a part of the Chadian delegation since the 1992 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the smallest contingency of Chadian Olympians occurred during the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
At some point in time, only Kaltouma Nadjina competed on Chad's behalf during the 2004 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the delegation that arrived in Beijing consisted of two athletes.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué was 30 years old during the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert was 15 years old during the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué first participated in the Olympics at age 22.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué raced in the men's 100 meters at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, Australia.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué placed seventh in his qualification heat at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué did not progress to later rounds at the 2000 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué did not attend the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué returned to the Olympics at Beijing at the age of 30.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué competed in the tenth heat during the qualification round on August 14, 2008.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué competed against seven other athletes in the tenth heat.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué finished the race in 11.14 seconds.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué placed seventh in the tenth heat.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué finished ahead of Tuvalu's Okinali Tinilau, who finished in 11.48 seconds.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué finished behind Gabon's Wilfried Bingangoye, who finished in 10.87 seconds.
At some point in time, Churandy Martina from the Netherlands Antilles led the heat with a time of 10.35 seconds.
At some point in time, Naoki Tsukahara from Japan finished the heat in 10.39 seconds.
At some point in time, of the 80 athletes who participated in the events, Moumi Sébergué ranked 70th.
At some point in time, Moumi Sébergué did not advance to later rounds.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert was the national delegation's only female athlete at the Beijing games.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert had not previously competed in any Olympic games.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed in the eighth heat during the qualification round on August 15, 2008.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert competed against seven other athletes in the eighth heat.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished the race in 12.55 seconds.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert placed seventh in the eighth heat.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert defeated the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Franka Magali, who finished in 12.57 seconds.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert fell behind Papua New Guinea's Mae Koime, who finished in 11.68 seconds.
At some point in time, Damola Osayomi from Nigeria led the heat with a time of 11.13 seconds.
At some point in time, Debbie Ferguson-McKenzie from the Bahamas finished the heat in 11.17 seconds.
At some point in time, of the event's 85 competitors, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert finished in 64th place.
At some point in time, Hinikissia Albertine Ndikert did not advance to round two and beyond.
At some point in time, ranks given for track events are within the athlete's heat only.