At some point in time, QuackShot is a platforming video game developed and published by Sega for the Sega Genesis.
At some point in time, QuackShot was released in Europe in 1991.
At some point in time, QuackShot was released in North America on December 19, 1991.
At some point in time, QuackShot was released in Japan on December 20, 1991.
At some point in time, QuackShot stars Donald Duck and his three nephews, Huey, Dewey, and Louie, as treasure-hunters.
At some point in time, QuackShot is part of a series of games published by Sega that are based on Walt Disney cartoon characters.
At some point in time, QuackShot received mostly positive reviews from video game journalists.
At some point in time, QuackShot was universally lauded for its graphics.
At some point in time, Sega Pro described QuackShot's graphics as "some of the best graphics around."
At some point in time, QuackShot was praised for its music.
At some point in time, QuackShot was praised for its puzzles.
At some point in time, QuackShot was criticized for its controls.
At some point in time, IGN described QuackShot's controls as "float-y."
At some point in time, IGN stated that QuackShot's controls made certain segments of the game unnecessarily difficult.
At some point in time, QuackShot was criticized for its lack of difficulty overall.
At some point in time, QuackShot was criticized for its lack of speech samples.
At some point in time, several other Genesis games of the time had speech samples.
At some point in time, the player, as Donald Duck, ventures through a variety of side-scrolling levels.
At some point in time, each level in QuackShot is divided into an overland part and a dungeon.
At some point in time, the overland sections can be played in any order.
At some point in time, various obstacles prevent the player from entering the dungeons outside of a specific order.
At some point in time, some levels provide the player with vital clues that solve puzzles needed to progress in later sections.
At some point in time, once Donald Duck completes the overland section of an area, he may leave by calling his nephews' biplane.
At some point in time, Donald Duck will return to the dungeon entrance of that area if the player chooses to return.
At some point in time, Donald Duck is armed with a special gun that can shoot plungers, popcorn, or bubble gum.
At some point in time, Donald Duck has unlimited plungers.
At some point in time, plungers can only temporarily stun enemies.
At some point in time, bosses can still be damaged with plungers.
At some point in time, Donald Duck can collect popcorn and gum along the way.
At some point in time, Donald Duck can get gum from Gyro Gearloose.
At some point in time, the plunger is upgraded later in the game to act as a temporary platform to climb walls.
At some point in time, when stuck to a passing bird, the plunger allows Donald Duck to traverse longer distances.
At some point in time, in Duckburg, India, and Egypt, Donald Duck can pick up chili peppers.
At some point in time, chili peppers increase Donald Duck's temper.
At some point in time, chili peppers eventually allow Donald Duck to become invincible temporarily.
At some point in time, chili peppers increase Donald Duck's speed.
At some point in time, chili peppers allow Donald Duck to knock out enemies in his path.
At some point in time, while Donald Duck is flipping through some books in Scrooge McDuck's library, a map falls out of a book.
At some point in time, the map relates to the treasure of King Garuzia.
At some point in time, King Garuzia was the ruler of the Great Duck Kingdom in ancient times.
At some point in time, the map leads to the location of King Garuzia's most prized possession.
At some point in time, King Garuzia's prized possession was hidden in a secret place shortly before his death.
At some point in time, Donald Duck thinks the map is his path to riches.
At some point in time, Big Bad Pete overhears Donald Duck and pursues him throughout the game.
At some point in time, Big Bad Pete hopes to steal the treasure from Donald Duck.
At some point in time, teamed with his nephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie, Donald Duck begins his search in Duckburg.
At some point in time, the trail from Duckburg is directed to an Aztec pyramid in Mexico.
At some point in time, outside the pyramid, a "sweet seniorita" directs Donald Duck to obtain a "hero key" from an explorer back in Duckburg.
At some point in time, the hero key is needed to open the pyramid.
At some point in time, inside the pyramid, Donald Duck meets Goofy.
At some point in time, Goofy gives Donald Duck a strange note.
At some point in time, Goofy gives Donald Duck a plunger to help him reach higher places.
At some point in time, Goofy tells Donald Duck that Gyro Gearloose is looking for him back in Duckburg.
At some point in time, Donald Duck travels across the rooftops of Duckburg to meet Gyro Gearloose.
At some point in time, Gyro Gearloose gives Donald Duck bubblegum ammo that can break through walls.
At some point in time, the last location on the partial map is Count Dracula's castle in Transylvania.
At some point in time, Donald Duck encounters a ghost in Count Dracula's castle.
At some point in time, the ghost tells Donald Duck that Count Dracula carries the real treasure map.
At some point in time, Donald Duck defeats Count Dracula.
At some point in time, Donald Duck receives a more complete map after defeating Count Dracula.
At some point in time, in India, Donald Duck enters the palace of the Maharajah.
At some point in time, the Maharajah challenges Donald Duck to defeat the tiger in her garden.
At some point in time, the Maharajah offers a Sphinx Tear in exchange for defeating the tiger.
At some point in time, Donald Duck succeeds in defeating the tiger.
At some point in time, Donald Duck receives the Sphinx Tear.
At some point in time, the Sphinx Tear is the key to open a temple in Egypt.
At some point in time, Donald Duck solves the "Riddle of the Sphinx" using the note Goofy had given him.
At some point in time, Donald Duck obtains the Scepter of Ra before escaping in a mine cart.
At some point in time, Donald Duck journeys to the South Pole.
At some point in time, Donald Duck finds a key frozen in ice at the South Pole.
At some point in time, Donald Duck uses the Scepter of Ra to melt the ice and grab the key.
At some point in time, the key unlocks the hold of a Viking ship.
At some point in time, the Viking ship contains an ancient diary with the secret to locating the treasure.
At some point in time, the ship is haunted by ghosts.
At some point in time, the Viking captain sends Donald Duck below decks to get rid of the ghosts.
At some point in time, Donald Duck defeats a skeletal Viking warrior.
At some point in time, Donald Duck returns to the deck after defeating the skeletal Viking warrior.
At some point in time, the Viking captain informs Donald Duck that the diary is hidden in ice near the South Pole.
At some point in time, the Viking captain gives Donald Duck an "ancient Viking plunger."
At some point in time, the ancient Viking plunger attaches to flying creatures.
At some point in time, Donald Duck returns to the South Pole.
At some point in time, Donald Duck hitches a ride on one of Pete's bird minions to reach the diary.
At some point in time, upon finding the diary, Pete shows up.
At some point in time, Pete holds Donald Duck's nephews hostage in exchange for the diary.
At some point in time, Donald Duck gives Pete the diary.
At some point in time, Donald Duck travels to Pete's hideout to defeat Pete and get the diary back.
At some point in time, the diary reveals that the map, when dipped in water, will reveal the location of the Great Duck Treasure.
At some point in time, Donald Duck flies to the island where the treasure is hidden.
At some point in time, Donald Duck manages to evade the island's traps in order to reach the treasure vault.
At some point in time, Donald Duck defeats the ancient spirit guarding the treasure.
At some point in time, Donald Duck opens the vault only to find a simple stone statue.
At some point in time, Donald Duck returns home disappointed.
At some point in time, Huey, Dewey, and Louie accidentally break the statue.
At some point in time, the broken statue reveals a golden jeweled necklace hidden inside.
At some point in time, Donald Duck gives the golden jeweled necklace to Daisy.
At some point in time, Donald Duck and Daisy fly off into the sunset together.
At some point in time, QuackShot was later released as part of a bundle called The Disney Collection for Genesis in 1996.
At some point in time, The Disney Collection included Castle of Illusion.
At some point in time, QuackShot was ported to the Sega Saturn.
At some point in time, QuackShot was released exclusively in Japan as part of the Sega Ages series in 1998.
At some point in time, the Sega Ages series title for QuackShot was entitled Sega Ages: I Love Mickey Mouse.
At some point in time, QuackShot received a mostly positive response from critics upon release.
At some point in time, GameRankings assigned QuackShot a score of 77% based on 2 reviews.
At some point in time, Mega placed QuackShot at #7 in their "Top Mega Drive Games of All Time" list.
At some point in time, MegaTech magazine praised QuackShot's graphics.
At some point in time, MegaTech magazine criticized QuackShot's easy difficulty level.
At some point in time, MegaTech magazine explained that "the graphics are excellent, but the game is easy to complete."
At some point in time, Damian Butt from Sega Pro praised QuackShot's graphics.
At some point in time, Damian Butt stated that QuackShot has "without [a] doubt some of the best graphics around."
At some point in time, Damian Butt noted that the sprites and backgrounds in QuackShot are consistently excellent.
At some point in time, Damian Butt noted QuackShot's various puzzles and their use in the game.
At some point in time, Damian Butt explained that "even if the ideas are not original, the way they are strung together to accelerate the pace to overload is nothing short of breath-taking."
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan from IGN gave QuackShot a score of 7.3/10.
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan lauded QuackShot's graphics and animation as excellent.
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan said the music in QuackShot was pleasing.
At some point in time, Damian Butt criticized Donald Duck's controls in certain situations in QuackShot.
At some point in time, Damian Butt criticized the difficulty of some levels and puzzles in QuackShot.
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan criticized the controls in QuackShot.
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan called QuackShot's controls "float-y."
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan noted the difficulty in executing precision jumps in QuackShot.
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan explained that "it's far too easy to over- or under-shoot a narrow column and slip to your doom."
At some point in time, Damian Butt was "dubious of the number of credits" in QuackShot.
At some point in time, Damian Butt stated that the game may seem easy with unlimited continues.
At some point in time, Damian Butt stated that the player will "still need considerable skill to reach the treasure island."
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan was disappointed with the lack of speech samples in QuackShot.
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan explained that the lack of speech samples is "a bit of a drag with a character that is so defined by his voice."
At some point in time, Damian Butt said that "younger players will instantly be enthralled by Donald Duck's quest."
At some point in time, Damian Butt said that "QuackShot is everything a cartoon game should be and more."
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan summed up QuackShot as being a "good platformer tripped up by some questionable controls."
At some point in time, Levi Buchanan recommended QuackShot as "a mildly enjoyable 16-bit platformer that would fit nicely in your Genesis collection."