At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was a special forces unit of the Croatian National Guard.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was established in Kumrovec on 18 May 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was established during the Croatian War of Independence.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion drew personnel from the special police forces.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion drew personnel from former French Foreign Legion troops.
At some point in time, Ante Roso was the initial commander of the Zrinski Battalion.
At some point in time, Major Miljenko Filipović took over as the commanding officer of the Zrinski Battalion in August 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion trained volunteer troops in Vukovar in June 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion saw action in Hrvatska Kostajnica in 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion saw action in the Battle of Gospić in 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion saw action near Slano in 1991.
At some point in time, by the end of 1991, the personnel of the Zrinski Battalion were tasked with setting up an additional special forces unit of the Croatian Army.
At some point in time, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in the Battle of Kupres in 1992.
At some point in time, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Tiger in 1992.
At some point in time, Operation Tiger aimed at lifting the Siege of Dubrovnik.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion helped develop and train the Croatian Defence Council.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion set up a training camp in Tomislavgrad.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Maslenica in 1993.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with several other HV special forces units on 25 February 1994.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated into the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade.
At some point in time, the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade is a component of the 1st Croatian Guards Corps.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was based in the village of Kumrovec.
At some point in time, the site of the Zrinski Battalion was adjacent to the border of Slovenia.
At some point in time, the site of the Zrinski Battalion was selected to be inaccessible to Yugoslav Air Force raids.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed for the first time on 15 June 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was stationed in Vukovar.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was tasked with preparation of city defences in Vukovar.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was tasked with organisation of volunteer troops in Vukovar.
At some point in time, Major Miljenko Filipović took over command of the Zrinski Battalion from Ante Roso in August 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to the Banovina in August 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion pushed the Croatian Serb forces out of the town of Hrvatska Kostajnica.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Gospić in September 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion took part in the battle to control Gospić against the JNA.
At some point in time, troops assigned to the Zrinski Battalion captured Kaniža barracks in Gospić.
At some point in time, during combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured JNA Major General Trajče Krstevski.
At some point in time, during combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured three armoured personnel carriers.
At some point in time, during combat in Gospić, 30 troops of the Zrinski Battalion captured 32 soldiers.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was deployed to Metković on 28 October 1991.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was tasked with recapturing Slano from the JNA.
At some point in time, a part of the Zrinski Battalion personnel left to Bosnia and Herzegovina anticipating further conflict.
At some point in time, the remainder of the Zrinski Battalion returned to Kumrovec.
At some point in time, the ZNG was renamed the Croatian Army on 3 November 1991.
At some point in time, personnel of the Zrinski Battalion set up another special forces unit of the Croatian Army in late 1991.
At some point in time, the new special forces unit set up by the Zrinski Battalion was the Matija Vlačić Battalion.
At some point in time, the Matija Vlačić Battalion was based in Opatija.
At some point in time, elements of the Zrinski Battalion assisted in setting up and trained the Croatian Defence Council in 1992.
At some point in time, elements of the Zrinski Battalion took part in Operation Maslenica in 1993.
At some point in time, the Central Intelligence Agency assessed the Zrinski Battalion as one of the best units of the Croatian Army.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with the Frankopan Battalion.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with the Ban Jelačić Battalion.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with the Matija Vlačić Battalion.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with the Ferdo Sučić Battalion.
At some point in time, the Zrinski Battalion was amalgamated with part of the 8th Light Assault Brigade.
At some point in time, the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade was directly subordinated to the Ministry of Defence.
At some point in time, the 1st Croatian Guards Brigade was not subordinated to the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Republic of Croatia.