At some point in time, Tatwine or Tatwin was the tenth Archbishop of Canterbury from 731 to 734.
At some point in time, Tatwine was born around 670.
At some point in time, Tatwine was a Mercian by birth.
At some point in time, Tatwine became a monk at the monastery at Breedon-on-the-Hill.
At some point in time, Tatwine was the abbot of the monastery at Breedon-on-the-Hill.
At some point in time, King Æthelbald influenced Tatwine's appointment as Archbishop of Canterbury in 731.
At some point in time, Tatwine was consecrated as Archbishop of Canterbury on 10 June 731.
At some point in time, Tatwine was one of a number of Mercians appointed to Canterbury during the 730s and 740s.
At some point in time, Tatwine consecrated the Bishops of Lindsey and Selsey in 733.
At some point in time, Tatwine's period as archbishop appears to have been uneventful.
At some point in time, Tatwine died in office on 30 July 734.
At some point in time, Tatwine was later considered a saint.
At some point in time, Tatwine's feast day is 30 July.
At some point in time, Bede's commentary on Tatwine describes him as a man notable for his prudence, devotion, and learning.
At some point in time, Tatwine's two surviving manuscripts of riddles display his qualities of prudence, devotion, and learning.
At some point in time, Tatwine composed four works titled Ars Tatuini.
At some point in time, the Ars Tatuini is one of only two surviving 8th-century Latin grammars from England.
At some point in time, the Ars Tatuini was based on the works of Priscian and Consentius.
At some point in time, the riddles composed by Tatwine deal with diverse topics such as philosophy and charity.
At some point in time, the riddles composed by Tatwine deal with the five senses and the alphabet.
At some point in time, the riddles composed by Tatwine deal with a book and a pen.
At some point in time, the riddles composed by Tatwine are formed in acrostics.
At some point in time, the grammar composed by Tatwine is a reworking of Donatus's Ars Minor.
At some point in time, the grammar composed by Tatwine includes information drawn from other grammarians.
At some point in time, the grammar composed by Tatwine was not designed for newcomers to the Latin language.
At some point in time, the grammar composed by Tatwine is designed for beginners in the Latin language.
At some point in time, the grammar composed by Tatwine covers the eight parts of speech.
At some point in time, the grammar composed by Tatwine includes illustrations drawn from classical scholars.
At some point in time, the grammar composed by Tatwine includes examples drawn from the Psalms.
At some point in time, Tatwine completed his grammar before he became archbishop.
At some point in time, Tatwine's works were used not only in England but also on the continent.
At some point in time, a recent edition of Tatwine's works is titled Tatuini Opera omnia.
At some point in time, Tatuini Opera omnia was published in 1968.
At some point in time, Tatuini Opera omnia includes some translations into English and German from the original Latin.