Shackleton is an impact crater.
At some point in time, Shackleton lies at the south pole of the Moon.
At some point in time, the peaks along the rim of Shackleton are exposed to almost continual sunlight.
The interior of Shackleton is perpetually in shadow.
At some point in time, the interior of Shackleton functions as a cold trap.
At some point in time, the cold trap in Shackleton may capture volatiles shed during comet impacts on the Moon.
At some point in time, measurements by the Lunar Prospector spacecraft showed higher than normal amounts of hydrogen within Shackleton.
At some point in time, higher than normal amounts of hydrogen within Shackleton may indicate the presence of water ice.
At some point in time, Shackleton is named after Antarctic explorer Ernest Shackleton.
At some point in time, the rotational axis of the Moon lies within Shackleton.
At some point in time, the rotational axis of the Moon is only a few kilometers from the center of Shackleton.
Shackleton is 21 km in diameter.
Shackleton is 4.2 km deep.
At some point in time, Shackleton is viewed edge-on from the Earth.
At some point in time, Shackleton is located within the South Pole-Aitken basin.
At some point in time, Shackleton is on a massif.
At some point in time, the rim of Shackleton is slightly raised above the surrounding surface.
At some point in time, Shackleton has an outer rampart that has been only lightly impacted.
At some point in time, no significant craters intersect the rim of Shackleton.
At some point in time, the rim of Shackleton is sloped about 1.5° toward the direction 50–90° from the Earth.
At some point in time, the age of Shackleton is about 3.6 billion years.
At some point in time, Shackleton has been in the proximity of the south lunar pole for at least the last two billion years.
At some point in time, the orbit of the Moon is tilted only 5° from the ecliptic.
At some point in time, the interior of Shackleton lies in perpetual darkness.
At some point in time, estimates of the area in permanent shadow were obtained from Earth-based radar studies.
At some point in time, peaks along the rim of Shackleton are almost continually illuminated by sunlight.
At some point in time, peaks along the rim of Shackleton spend about 80–90% of each lunar orbit exposed to the Sun.
At some point in time, continuously illuminated mountains have been termed peaks of eternal light.
At some point in time, peaks of eternal light have been predicted to exist since the 1900s.
At some point in time, the shadowed portion of Shackleton was imaged with the Terrain Camera of the Japanese SELENE spacecraft.
At some point in time, the shadowed portion of Shackleton was imaged using the illumination of sunlight reflected off the rim.
At some point in time, the interior of Shackleton consists of a symmetrical 30° slope.
At some point in time, the symmetrical slope in Shackleton leads down to a 6.6 km diameter floor.
At some point in time, the handful of craters along the interior of Shackleton span no more than a few hundred meters.
At some point in time, the bottom of Shackleton is covered by an uneven mound-like feature.
At some point in time, the uneven mound-like feature in Shackleton is 300 to 400 m thick.
At some point in time, the central peak in Shackleton is about 200 m in height.
At some point in time, the continuous shadows in the south polar craters cause the floors of these formations to maintain a temperature that never exceeds about 100 K.
At some point in time, the high-temperature interior of Shackleton functions as a heat trap.
At some point in time, the heat trap in Shackleton may evaporate volatiles shed during comet impacts on the Moon.
At some point in time, the average temperature in Shackleton was determined to be about 90 K.
At some point in time, the temperature in Shackleton reaches 88 K at the crater floor.
At some point in time, the estimated rate of loss from any ice in the interior of Shackleton would be 10−26 to 10−27 m/s.
At some point in time, any water vapor that arrives in Shackleton following a cometary impact on the Moon would lie permanently frozen on or below the surface.
At some point in time, the surface albedo of the crater floor in Shackleton matches the lunar far-side.
At some point in time, the matching surface albedo suggests that there is no exposed surface ice in Shackleton.
At some point in time, Shackleton was named after Ernest Henry Shackleton.
At some point in time, Ernest Henry Shackleton was an Anglo-Irish explorer of Antarctica from 1901 until his death in 1922.
At some point in time, the name Shackleton was officially adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1994.
At some point in time, nearby craters of note include Shoemaker, Haworth, de Gerlache, Sverdrup, and Faustini.
At some point in time, Amundsen and Scott are larger craters located somewhat farther away from Shackleton.
At some point in time, Amundsen and Scott are named after two other early explorers of the Antarctic continent.
At some point in time, Shackleton lies along the southern limb of the Moon from the perspective of the Earth.
At some point in time, observation of Shackleton is difficult.
At some point in time, detailed mapping of the polar regions and farside of the Moon did not occur until the advent of orbiting spacecraft.
At some point in time, Shackleton lies entirely within the rim of the immense South Pole-Aitken basin.
At some point in time, the South Pole-Aitken basin is one of the largest known impact formations in the Solar System.
At some point in time, the South Pole-Aitken basin is over 12 kilometers deep.
At some point in time, exploration of the properties of the South Pole-Aitken basin could provide useful information about the lunar interior.
At some point in time, a neutron spectrometer on board the Lunar Prospector spacecraft detected enhanced concentrations of hydrogen close to the northern and southern lunar poles.
At some point in time, the crater Shackleton is included in the enhanced concentrations of hydrogen detected by the Lunar Prospector spacecraft.
At some point in time, at the end of the Lunar Prospector mission in July 1999, the spacecraft was crashed into the nearby crater Shoemaker.
At some point in time, the crash of the Lunar Prospector spacecraft into Shoemaker was done in the hope of detecting an impact-generated plume containing water vapor.
At some point in time, the impact event did not produce any detectable water vapor.
At some point in time, the lack of detectable water vapor may indicate that the hydrogen is not in the form of hydrated minerals.
At some point in time, the lack of detectable water vapor may indicate that the impact site did not contain any ice.
At some point in time, it is possible that the crash of the Lunar Prospector spacecraft did not excavate deeply enough into the regolith to liberate significant quantities of water vapor.
At some point in time, Shackleton appears to be relatively intact from Earth-based radar and spacecraft images of the crater edge.
At some point in time, Shackleton appears much like a young crater that has not been significantly eroded from subsequent impacts.
At some point in time, the inner sides of Shackleton may be relatively steep.
At some point in time, the steep inner sides of Shackleton may make traversing the sides relatively difficult for a robotic vehicle.
At some point in time, it is possible that the interior floor of Shackleton might not have collected a significant quantity of volatiles since its formation.
At some point in time, other craters in the vicinity of Shackleton are considerably older.
At some point in time, other craters in the vicinity of Shackleton may contain significant deposits of hydrogen.
At some point in time, other craters in the vicinity of Shackleton may contain hydrogen possibly in the form of water ice.
At some point in time, radar studies preceding and following the Lunar Prospector mission demonstrate that the inner walls of Shackleton are similar in reflective characteristics to those of some sunlit craters.
At some point in time, the surroundings of Shackleton appear to contain a significant number of blocks in its ejecta blanket.
At some point in time, the radar properties of Shackleton are a result of surface roughness.
At some point in time, the radar properties of Shackleton are not due to ice deposits.
At some point in time, the interpretation of Shackleton's radar properties is not universally agreed upon within the scientific community.
At some point in time, radar images of Shackleton at a wavelength of 13 cm show no evidence for water ice deposits.
At some point in time, optical imaging inside Shackleton was done for the first time by the Japanese lunar orbiter spacecraft Kaguya in 2007.
At some point in time, the optical imaging inside Shackleton did not have any evidence of significant amounts of water ice.
At some point in time, the optical imaging inside Shackleton did not have evidence of significant amounts of water ice down to the image resolution of 10 m per pixel.
At some point in time, on November 15, 2008, a 34-kg probe made a hard landing near Shackleton.
At some point in time, the moon impact probe (MIP) was launched from the Indian Chandrayaan-I spacecraft.
At some point in time, the moon impact probe (MIP) reached the surface 25 minutes after launch.
At some point in time, the moon impact probe (MIP) carried a radar altimeter.
At some point in time, the moon impact probe (MIP) carried a video imaging system.
At some point in time, the moon impact probe (MIP) carried a mass spectrometer.
At some point in time, the moon impact probe (MIP) will be used to search for water.
At some point in time, some sites along Shackleton's rim receive almost constant illumination.
At some point in time, at the locales that receive almost constant illumination, sunlight is almost always available for conversion into electricity using solar panels.
At some point in time, the locales that receive almost constant illumination could potentially make good locations for future Moon landings.
At some point in time, the temperature at the sites along Shackleton's rim is more favorable than at more equatorial latitudes.
At some point in time, the sites along Shackleton's rim do not experience the daily temperature extremes of 100 °C when the Sun is overhead.
At some point in time, the sites along Shackleton's rim do not experience temperatures as low as −150 °C during the lunar night.
At some point in time, scientific experiments performed by Clementine and Lunar Prospector could indicate the presence of water in the polar craters.
At some point in time, the current evidence regarding the presence of water in the polar craters is far from definitive.
At some point in time, there are doubts among scientists as to whether or not the hydrogen is in the form of ice.
At some point in time, there are doubts among scientists regarding the concentration of hydrogen with depth below the surface.
At some point in time, resolution of the issue regarding the presence of hydrogen will require future missions to the Moon.
At some point in time, the presence of water suggests that the crater floor could potentially be mined for deposits of hydrogen in water form.
At some point in time, deposits of hydrogen in water form are a commodity that is expensive to deliver directly from the Earth.
At some point in time, Shackleton has been proposed as a future site for a large infrared telescope.
At some point in time, the low temperature of the crater floor makes Shackleton ideal for infrared observations.
At some point in time, solar cells placed along the rim of Shackleton could provide near-continuous power to the observatory.
At some point in time, about 120 kilometers from Shackleton lies the 5-km tall Malapert Mountain.
At some point in time, Malapert Mountain is a peak that is perpetually visible from the Earth.
At some point in time, Malapert Mountain could serve as a radio relay station when suitably equipped.
At some point in time, NASA has named the rim of Shackleton as a potential candidate for its lunar outpost.
At some point in time, NASA's lunar outpost is slated to be up and running by 2020.
At some point in time, NASA's lunar outpost is slated to be continuously staffed by a crew by 2024.
At some point in time, the location of NASA's lunar outpost would promote self-sustainability for lunar residents.
At some point in time, perpetual sunlight on the south pole would provide energy for solar panels.
At some point in time, the shadowed polar regions are believed to contain the frozen water necessary for human consumption.
At some point in time, the shadowed polar regions could also be harvested for fuel manufacture.