At some point in time, B of the Bang was a sculpture by Thomas Heatherwick.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was located next to the City of Manchester Stadium in Manchester, England.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was commissioned to mark the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was one of the tallest structures in Manchester.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was the tallest sculpture in the UK until the completion of Aspire in 2008.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was taller than the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
At some point in time, B of the Bang leaned at a greater angle than the Leaning Tower of Pisa.
At some point in time, B of the Bang took its name from a quotation of British sprinter Linford Christie.
At some point in time, Linford Christie said that he started his races at the "B of the Bang."
At some point in time, B of the Bang was commissioned in 2003.
At some point in time, construction of B of the Bang overran.
At some point in time, the official unveiling of B of the Bang was delayed until 12 January 2005.
At some point in time, six days before the launch, the tip of one of the spikes detached and fell to the ground.
At some point in time, the sculpture suffered three visible structural problems.
At some point in time, legal action started a year after the unveiling of B of the Bang.
At some point in time, the legal action resulted in an out-of-court settlement totaling £1.7 million.
At some point in time, in February 2009, Manchester City Council announced that B of the Bang would be dismantled.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was to be placed in storage.
At some point in time, the core and legs of B of the Bang were cut apart during removal.
At some point in time, the core of B of the Bang was sold for scrap in July 2012.
At some point in time, the 180 spikes of B of the Bang remain in storage.
At some point in time, B of the Bang originally stood 56 metres tall.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was 184 feet tall.
At some point in time, B of the Bang had 180 hollow tapered steel columns or spikes.
At some point in time, the spikes radiated from a central core.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was angled at 30 degrees.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was supported by five tapered steel legs.
At some point in time, each leg of B of the Bang was 25 metres long.
At some point in time, the legs connected to the spikes 22 metres above the ground.
At some point in time, B of the Bang weighed 165 tonnes.
At some point in time, the concrete in the foundations of B of the Bang weighed over 1,000 tonnes.
At some point in time, the foundations of B of the Bang included a 400 m² reinforced concrete slab.
At some point in time, the foundations of B of the Bang are 20 metres deep.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was made from weathering steel, also known as Cor-Ten.
At some point in time, weathering steel develops a tightly adhering oxide layer when exposed to the elements.
At some point in time, the oxide layer inhibits further corrosion by reducing permeability to water.
At some point in time, the spikes of B of the Bang swayed slightly in the wind.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was designed to withstand gusts in excess of 100 mph.
At some point in time, a time capsule was placed in one of the spikes of B of the Bang.
At some point in time, the time capsule contained children's poems and paintings.
At some point in time, the time capsule is due to be opened circa 2300.
At some point in time, the location of the time capsule after dismantling is currently unknown.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was located at Sportcity in Beswick.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was at the corner of Alan Turing Way and Ashton New Road.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was nicknamed KerPlunk by locals.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was nicknamed after a popular children's game from the 1970s.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was Britain's tallest sculpture prior to the construction of Aspire.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was well over twice the height of the Angel of the North.
At some point in time, the Angel of the North stands at 66 feet tall.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was designed to look like an exploding firework.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was commissioned by New East Manchester Limited.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was commissioned to commemorate the 2002 Commonwealth Games.
At some point in time, the design of B of the Bang was selected by a panel of local residents and art experts.
At some point in time, the selection process for the design of B of the Bang was via a competition in 2002.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was designed by Thomas Heatherwick.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was constructed in Sheffield.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was constructed by Thomas Heatherwick Studio.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was constructed by Packman Lucas.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was constructed by Flint and Neill.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was constructed by Westbury Structures.
At some point in time, B of the Bang was approved at the start of 2003.
At some point in time, the central core of B of the Bang arrived in Manchester on 13 June 2004.
At some point in time, the central core was the largest load that could be transferred via road from the factory.
At some point in time, the transfer of the central core required a police escort.
At some point in time, the central core of B of the Bang was lifted into place in August 2004.
At some point in time, the attachment of the 180 spikes began after the central core was lifted into place.
At some point in time, early estimates for the completion date of B of the Bang were optimistic.
At some point in time, the optimistic completion date for B of the Bang was July 2003.
At some point in time, B of the Bang gained the nickname G of the Bang.
At some point in time, the official unveiling of B of the Bang took place on 12 January 2005.
At some point in time, the total cost to design and construct B of the Bang was £1.42 million.
At some point in time, the cost to design and construct B of the Bang was twice the original estimate.
At some point in time, the initial costing for B of the Bang neglected to include installation costs.
At some point in time, funding for B of the Bang was sourced from a European Regional Development Fund contribution of £700,000.
At some point in time, funding for B of the Bang was sourced from the North West Development Agency, contributing £500,000.
At some point in time, funding for B of the Bang was sourced from Manchester City Council, providing £120,000.
At some point in time, the tip of one of the 2.1 m spikes detached and fell from B of the Bang on 6 January 2005.
At some point in time, the detachment of the spike occurred only six days before the official unveiling.
At some point in time, the event went ahead as planned after inspection of B of the Bang.
At some point in time, in May 2005, a second spike had to be cut off by firefighters.
At some point in time, the second spike was discovered hanging loose.
At some point in time, at that time, B of the Bang was closed off to the public.
At some point in time, the junction and pathway near B of the Bang were temporarily closed.
At some point in time, some of the joints of B of the Bang were re-welded.
At some point in time, equipment was put in place to prevent excessive movement of B of the Bang.
At some point in time, the equipment consisted of retrofitting tip weights to 70% of the spikes' weights.
At some point in time, B of the Bang remained fenced off despite modifications.
At some point in time, a local newspaper campaign was launched to 'Get It Sorted.'
At some point in time, in May 2006, a total of nine spikes were removed from B of the Bang.
At some point in time, the nine spikes were taken away for metallurgical analysis.
At some point in time, the metallurgical analysis aimed to discover the stresses being placed on the steel.
At some point in time, in October 2007, Manchester City Council announced legal action against the makers of B of the Bang.
At some point in time, the aim of the legal action was to complete the necessary repairs to B of the Bang.
At some point in time, in November 2008, an out-of-court settlement was reached.
At some point in time, the out-of-court settlement was between Manchester City Council and the project’s designers.
At some point in time, the project’s designers included Thomas Heatherwick Studio Ltd.
At some point in time, the project’s designers included Packman Lucas Ltd.
At some point in time, the project’s designers included Flint and Neill Partnership.
At some point in time, the project’s designers included Westbury Structures Ltd.
At some point in time, the agreement of the out-of-court settlement was to pay Manchester City Council £1.7 million in damages.
At some point in time, the damages were for breach of contract and negligence.
At some point in time, in January 2009, the city council recommended that B of the Bang should be dismantled.
At some point in time, the city council recommended that B of the Bang should be placed in storage.
At some point in time, the city council recommended that funds should be raised for the safe reinstatement of B of the Bang.
At some point in time, the report recognized the aesthetic value of B of the Bang for Manchester.
At some point in time, Manchester City Council committed itself to working with the artist.
At some point in time, the aim was to reach a long-term solution for B of the Bang.
At some point in time, one possibility involved the replacement of the steel spikes with alternatives made from carbon fibre.
At some point in time, the report underlined the necessity for extensive testing of the alternatives.
At some point in time, in January 2009, Antony Gormley criticized B of the Bang.
At some point in time, Antony Gormley is the creator of the Angel of the North.
At some point in time, Antony Gormley stated that it is a great disappointment to Manchester that B of the Bang was commissioned.
At some point in time, Antony Gormley stated that allowing B of the Bang to disappear would be a loss of an inspirational artwork.
At some point in time, Antony Gormley stated that allowing B of the Bang to disappear would be a loss of the council's nerve.
At some point in time, removal of B of the Bang began in April 2009.
At some point in time, more substantial hoarding was erected around the site of B of the Bang.
At some point in time, demolition firm Connell Brothers Limited began removing the spikes of B of the Bang.
At some point in time, Connell Brothers Limited used oxyacetylene cutting equipment to remove the spikes.
At some point in time, the council had promised to store the complex central core and legs of B of the Bang.
At some point in time, the central core and legs of B of the Bang were cut apart during removal.
At some point in time, the cutting apart of the central core and legs cast doubt on future prospects for B of the Bang's return.
At some point in time, in early July 2012, the core of B of the Bang was sold as scrap for £17,000.