At some point in time, "... Thirteen Years Later" is the fifth episode of the third season of the American crime-thriller television series Millennium.
At some point in time, "... Thirteen Years Later" premiered on the Fox network on October 30, 1998.
At some point in time, Perry has described the production "... Thirteen Years Later" as being "one of the easiest" of the series' run.
At some point in time, the episode was written by Michael R. Perry.
At some point in time, the episode was directed by Thomas J. Wright.
At some point in time, "... Thirteen Years Later" featured guest appearances by the members of the band Kiss.
At some point in time, the members of the band Kiss performed both as themselves and as minor characters in the episode.
At some point in time, Federal Bureau of Investigation agents Frank Black and Emma Hollis investigate a series of murders on the set of a horror film.
At some point in time, Frank Black and Emma Hollis realize that the production is based on a case Frank Black solved several years earlier.
At some point in time, the production of "... Thirteen Years Later" proved a difficult episode to produce.
At some point in time, filming of "... Thirteen Years Later" required a large number of shots to be completed.
At some point in time, the script of "... Thirteen Years Later" had to be adjusted on short notice.
At some point in time, "... Thirteen Years Later" has evoked mixed responses from critics.
At some point in time, the guest appearances by the members of Kiss have been more universally criticized.
At some point in time, Frank Black and Emma Hollis travel to Travelers Rest, South Carolina.
At some point in time, Frank Black and Emma Hollis investigate the deaths of film director Lew Carroll and Marta Danbury.
At some point in time, Lew Carroll is the film director.
At some point in time, Marta Danbury is the leading actress in Lew Carroll's newest film.
At some point in time, the local sheriff guides Frank Black and Emma Hollis through the murder scene.
At some point in time, Frank Black realizes that the film is based on a real murder case he investigated thirteen years previously.
At some point in time, Frank Black is shocked to learn that the true story is being sensationalized for the screen.
At some point in time, Frank Black and Emma Hollis interview the cast and crew as suspects.
At some point in time, many cast and crew members would benefit from either of the deaths.
At some point in time, Kenny Neiderman had been having an affair with Marta Danbury.
At some point in time, Rowdy Beeman replaced Lew Carroll as director.
At some point in time, Ruby Dahl and Ramona Tangent's roles in the film will expand without Marta Danbury.
At some point in time, Mark Bianco is a method actor relishing the opportunity to meet Frank Black.
At some point in time, Hugo Winston is the man whose partner was murdered in the earlier case.
At some point in time, Hugo Winston is campaigning against what he sees as a disrespectful production.
At some point in time, the production continues after the investigation begins.
At some point in time, after the filming of a pool scene, the crew gathers in catering.
At some point in time, Rowdy Beeman discovers a severed finger in his sandwich.
At some point in time, Rowdy Beeman recognizes from the severed finger's ring that it belonged to Kenny Neiderman.
At some point in time, the sheriff shuts down production.
At some point in time, Frank Black theorizes that the killer may target the crew's hotel.
At some point in time, Frank Black and Emma Hollis arrive at the crew's hotel.
At some point in time, Frank Black and Emma Hollis find the body of the film's publicist hanging from a rope.
At some point in time, a film extra confesses to the killings the next day.
At some point in time, Frank Black pokes holes in the film extra's story.
At some point in time, Frank Black discovers the film extra is not a credible perpetrator.
At some point in time, production is resumed after the confession.
At some point in time, several crew members are found with their throats cut shortly after production is resumed.
At some point in time, Hugo Winston's body hangs nearby in an apparent murder-suicide.
At some point in time, Frank Black doubts that Hugo Winston is the killer.
At some point in time, Emma Hollis stays in the hotel while Frank Black visits the production's climactic shoot.
At some point in time, the climactic shoot is set during a performance by the band Kiss.
At some point in time, the sheriff's body is thrown down from the rafters during the climactic shoot.
At some point in time, Frank Black realizes that horror films end with the leading lady being targeted.
At some point in time, the killer is after Emma Hollis.
At some point in time, Frank Black races back to Emma Hollis's hotel.
At some point in time, Frank Black discovers Emma Hollis fending off a chainsaw-wielding Mark Bianco.
At some point in time, Frank Black is able to subdue Mark Bianco after Emma Hollis disables the chainsaw.
At some point in time, Mark Bianco explains that he lacked Frank Black's insight.
At some point in time, Mark Bianco had to commit the crimes in order to see through the eyes of a killer.
At some point in time, "... Thirteen Years Later" is the second episode of Millennium to have been written by Michael R. Perry.
At some point in time, Michael R. Perry had previously penned the second season episode "The Mikado."
At some point in time, Michael R. Perry would provide a further three scripts in the third season.
At some point in time, Thomas J. Wright directed a total of twenty-six episodes across all three seasons.
At some point in time, Thomas J. Wright directed "Millennium," the series' crossover episode with its sister show The X-Files.
At some point in time, the episode features guest appearances by the members of the band Kiss.
At some point in time, the members of the band Kiss are Peter Criss, Ace Frehley, Gene Simmons, and Paul Stanley.
At some point in time, the members of the band Kiss portray both themselves and a small cameo role.
At some point in time, the band members insisted during filming that their roles be given an equal amount of dialogue.
At some point in time, Perry was asked to amend scenes on short notice due to the band members' request.
At some point in time, Perry faxed updated scripts to the shooting locations.
At some point in time, much of the additional material was filmed but not used in the episode.
At some point in time, Ace Frehley was unenthusiastic towards his role.
At some point in time, Ace Frehley requested to play a "300-pound black man" instead.
At some point in time, Ace Frehley wished to wear a fat suit like those used in the 1996 Eddie Murphy film The Nutty Professor.
At some point in time, Ace Frehley was eventually convinced that such a suit would take too long to fabricate.
At some point in time, Perry has described the production "... Thirteen Years Later" as being "one of the most gruelling" of the series' run.
At some point in time, Perry cited the abundance of stunt work and physical effects as the cause of the production's difficulty.
At some point in time, Perry praised Thomas J. Wright for his ability to direct the episode within the usual time constraints.
At some point in time, Perry felt the number of shots involved was more akin to a feature film than a television episode.
At some point in time, Jeff Yagher played killer Mark Bianco.
At some point in time, Jeff Yagher is the husband of actress Megan Gallagher.
At some point in time, Megan Gallagher starred in the first two seasons of Millennium as Frank Black's wife Catherine.
At some point in time, "... Thirteen Years Later" was first broadcast on the Fox network on October 30, 1998.
At some point in time, the episode earned a Nielsen rating of 5.4 during its original broadcast.
At some point in time, 5.4 percent of households in the United States viewed the episode.
At some point in time, this represented approximately 5.37 million households.
At some point in time, "... Thirteen Years Later" received mixed reviews from critics.
At some point in time, The A.V. Club's Todd VanDerWerff rated the episode a "B."
At some point in time, Todd VanDerWerff felt that the episode's comedic slant was necessary within the wider series.
At some point in time, Todd VanDerWerff considered Millennium's dark tone to be prone to unintentional comedy.
At some point in time, a comic episode provided an outlet for the unintentional comedy in Millennium.
At some point in time, Todd VanDerWerff found the script to be at its strongest when satirizing the character of Frank Black.
At some point in time, Todd VanDerWerff admitted that the script "falls apart" when attempting to send up other subjects.
At some point in time, Todd VanDerWerff felt that the guest appearance by Kiss felt unnecessary and contrived.
At some point in time, Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson rated "... Thirteen Years Later" one star out of five.
At some point in time, Robert Shearman felt that the episode had the potential to be much better.
At some point in time, Robert Shearman believed that "the whole concept drowns in overkill."
At some point in time, Robert Shearman considered the episode's characters to be too shallow.
At some point in time, Robert Shearman considered the episode's commentary to be too heavy-handed to fully execute anything meaningful.
At some point in time, criticism was levelled at the guest roles by the members of Kiss.