At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is a ruined chapel near Rhos Lligwy in Anglesey, north Wales.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy dates back to the first half of the 12th century.
At some point in time, the original purpose of Capel Lligwy is unknown.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy might have been used as a memorial chapel.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy might have been used in connection with a local royal court.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy might have been used as a chapel of ease in a large parish.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy was used as a private place of worship for a nearby house until the early 18th century.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy later fell into disrepair.
At some point in time, the walls of Capel Lligwy still remain.
At some point in time, there are some traces of render on the walls of Capel Lligwy internally.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy has no roof.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy contains a 16th-century side chapel.
At some point in time, the side chapel of Capel Lligwy has a vault beneath it.
At some point in time, the vault beneath the side chapel of Capel Lligwy was used as a burial chamber.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is a Grade II listed building.
At some point in time, the Grade II listing of Capel Lligwy is a national designation.
At some point in time, the Grade II listing of Capel Lligwy is given to buildings of special interest.
At some point in time, the Grade II listing of Capel Lligwy warrants every effort being made to preserve it.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is a substantially 12th-century structure.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy has an unusual 16th-century vaulted south chapel.
At some point in time, the oldest parts of Capel Lligwy date from the first half of the 12th century.
At some point in time, many churches on Anglesey in north-west Wales were first built in stone following the end of Viking raids.
At some point in time, the Normans attempted to gain control of Anglesey.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is in the city center of Anglesey near Llanallgo.
At some point in time, the reason for the construction of Capel Lligwy is unknown.
At some point in time, the saint to whom Capel Lligwy was dedicated is unknown.
At some point in time, Geraint Jones authored a 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey.
At some point in time, Geraint Jones suggests that Capel Lligwy may originally have been a memorial chapel.
At some point in time, Geraint Jones suggests that Capel Lligwy may have been connected to a royal court nearby.
At some point in time, Yates and Longley authored a 2001 guide to ancient Anglesey monuments.
At some point in time, Yates and Longley note that Capel Lligwy was built in the large parish of Penrhos Lligwy.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy was perhaps intended to serve the expanding population in medieval times.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy seems to have remained a chapel of ease.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy did not become a parish church in its own right.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is sometimes referred to as "Hen Gapel Lligwy." "Hen" is the Welsh word for "old." "Capel" means "chapel." At some point in time, the walls of Capel Lligwy were partially rebuilt in the 14th century.
At some point in time, the upper parts of the walls of Capel Lligwy date from the 14th century.
At some point in time, a chapel was added to the south side of Capel Lligwy in the 16th century.
At some point in time, a vault under the south chapel of Capel Lligwy was used to bury members of a local family, the Pierce Lloyds.
At some point in time, in 1999, the vault of Capel Lligwy was used to record some "atmospheres" for the album "You Have Just Been Poisoned By The Serpents." At some point in time, the album "You Have Just Been Poisoned By The Serpents" was created by The Serpents.
At some point in time, The Serpents is a collective of Welsh musicians.
At some point in time, the collective includes members of Echo and the Bunnymen, Super Furry Animals, and Ectogram.
At some point in time, a journalist described The Serpents as "possibly the strangest pop group of all time."
At some point in time, for a time, Capel Lligwy was used as a private place of worship for Lligwy House.
At some point in time, Lligwy House is a "venerable mansion."
At some point in time, Lligwy House was once owned by the Lloyd family.
At some point in time, Lligwy House came into the possession of William Irby, 1st Baron Boston, in the 18th century.
At some point in time, after the early part of the 18th century, Capel Lligwy became unused.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy began to fall into disrepair.
At some point in time, the walls of Capel Lligwy remain to gable level.
At some point in time, there are some traces of render on the inside of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, the roof of Capel Lligwy has gone.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is in the Anglesey countryside near Llanallgo.
At some point in time, the parish church of St Gallgo, Llanallgo is about 0.78 miles (1.26 km) away from Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, part of the churchyard wall of Capel Lligwy remains.
At some point in time, the churchyard wall shows that Capel Lligwy was originally within a mainly circular enclosure.
At some point in time, circular enclosures are often found with early churches.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is cared for by Cadw.
At some point in time, Cadw is the Welsh Assembly Government body responsible for the built heritage of Wales.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is open to the public.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is built from rubble masonry.
At some point in time, at about 5 feet (1.5 m) up the walls of Capel Lligwy, the style changes.
At some point in time, smaller stones are inserted into spaces between the larger blocks at about 5 feet (1.5 m) up the walls of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, the change in style shows where the 14th-century rebuilding started.
At some point in time, the doorway of Capel Lligwy is on the south side.
At some point in time, the doorway of Capel Lligwy is headed by a plain arch.
At some point in time, the doorway of Capel Lligwy dates from the 12th century.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy has a stone bellcote at the west end.
At some point in time, there is no structural division between the nave and the chancel of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, there are no window openings on the north side of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, there is a blocked opening to the east of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, the blocked opening to the east of Capel Lligwy is about 5 feet (1.5 m) wide.
At some point in time, there are the remains of a window on the south wall of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, there is a blocked window in the south wall of the south chapel of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, the vault of Capel Lligwy is about 27 square feet (2.5 m²).
At some point in time, the vault of Capel Lligwy is reached by stone steps from inside the south chapel.
At some point in time, limestone slabs form the roof of the vault of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, limestone slabs form the floor of the chapel above the vault of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, a stone in the nave of Capel Lligwy is about 2 square feet (0.19 m²).
At some point in time, the stone in the nave of Capel Lligwy has a hole in the top.
At some point in time, the stone in the nave of Capel Lligwy might once have been used as a churchyard cross.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy has national recognition.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy has statutory protection from alteration.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
At some point in time, the Grade II listing of Capel Lligwy is the lowest of the three grades of listing.
At some point in time, the Grade II listing designates buildings of special interest.
At some point in time, the Grade II listing warrants every effort being made to preserve Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy was given Grade II status on 2 September 1952.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy has been listed because it is important as a substantially 12th-century structure.
At some point in time, some architectural details from the early period of Capel Lligwy survive.
At some point in time, Capel Lligwy is now in a ruinous condition.
At some point in time, Cadw is responsible for the inclusion of Welsh buildings on the statutory lists.
At some point in time, Cadw notes the unusual 16th-century vaulted south chapel of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd was a 19th-century antiquarian.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd mentioned Capel Lligwy in her history of Anglesey.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd said that the architecture of Capel Lligwy was of "the rudest kind."
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd said that the architecture of Capel Lligwy bears testimony to its great antiquity.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd recounted that a fox had once taken shelter in the ruins of Capel Lligwy.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd recounted that when the fox was dug out, the vault was discovered.
At some point in time, the vault contained several human skeletons.
At some point in time, the human skeletons crumbled into dust when exposed to the air.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd added that further exploration of the vault revealed a large mass of human bones.
At some point in time, the large mass of human bones was several feet in depth.
At some point in time, a 1990 book about abandoned churches in Wales refers to the ancient monuments in this part of Anglesey.
At some point in time, the 1990 book calls Capel Lligwy a "medieval gesture of Christian power in a land so obviously imbued with the spirit of a pagan past."
At some point in time, the 1990 book notes that "the wheel has turned full circle and Capel Lligwy today is just another ruined relic of a former age."
At some point in time, the authors of the 1990 book describe Capel Lligwy as a "simple, square building."
At some point in time, the authors describe Capel Lligwy as having a "small and ruggedly austere south chapel."
At some point in time, the authors add that the stone slabs over the vault of Capel Lligwy are "almost in imitation of the ancient burial chambers which dot the surrounding landscape."