At some point in time, the 154th Boat Race took place on 29 March 2008.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is held annually.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
At some point in time, the Boat Race takes place along the River Thames.
At some point in time, Oxford won the race.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew featured the oldest competitor in Boat Race history.
At some point in time, the oldest competitor in Boat Race history is 36-year-old American Mike Wherley.
At some point in time, the race took place in very difficult weather conditions.
At some point in time, the weather conditions included strong winds and heavy rain.
At some point in time, the race resulted in the slowest winning time in over sixty years.
At some point in time, Oxford won by six lengths.
At some point in time, the six lengths is the largest margin of victory since the 2004 race.
At some point in time, Cambridge's Goldie beat Oxford's Isis in the reserve race.
At some point in time, the Boat Race was first held in 1829.
At some point in time, the Boat Race takes place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course.
At some point in time, the Championship Course is located on the River Thames in southwest London.
At some point in time, the rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge is a major point of honour.
At some point in time, the rivalry is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, the rivalry is broadcast worldwide.
At some point in time, Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions.
At some point in time, Cambridge beat Oxford by over a length in the previous year's race.
At some point in time, Cambridge has an overall lead with 79 victories.
At some point in time, Oxford has 73 victories.
At some point in time, the race was sponsored by Xchanging for the fourth time.
At some point in time, the first Women's Boat Race took place in 1927.
At some point in time, the Women's Boat Race did not become an annual fixture until the 1960s.
At some point in time, the contest was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races until 2014.
At some point in time, as of the 2015 race, the Women's Boat Race is held on the River Thames.
At some point in time, the Women's Boat Race is held on the same day as the men's main and reserve races.
At some point in time, the reserve race has been contested between Oxford's Isis boat and Cambridge's Goldie boat since 1965.
At some point in time, the reserve race usually takes place on the Tideway prior to the main Boat Race.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew weighed an average of 12 pounds (5.4 kg) more per rower than Cambridge's crew.
At some point in time, Cambridge's crew consisted of six Britons.
At some point in time, Cambridge's crew consisted of two Australians.
At some point in time, Cambridge's crew consisted of one American.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew comprised four Americans.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew comprised three Britons.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew comprised one Australian.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew comprised one German.
At some point in time, both coxes were former Blues.
At some point in time, Nick Brodie is one of the coxes.
At some point in time, Rebecca Dowbiggin is one of the coxes.
At some point in time, Tom Edwards is a 30-year-old rower who returned to Cambridge's crew.
At some point in time, Tom Edwards rowed in 2006.
At some point in time, Dan O'Shaughnessy is Cambridge's boat club president.
At some point in time, Dan O'Shaughnessy was the seventh Light Blue president not to row in his own Blue Boat.
At some point in time, Oxford were pre-race favourites.
At some point in time, Cambridge won the toss.
At some point in time, Cambridge elected to start from the Surrey station.
At some point in time, Oxford took an early lead.
At some point in time, the boats closed on each other.
At some point in time, Umpire John Garrett was forced to issue a number of warnings to both coxes.
At some point in time, the warnings were issued in an attempt to prevent a collision.
At some point in time, by Craven Cottage, Oxford were nearly a length ahead.
At some point in time, Cambridge responded to Oxford's lead.
At some point in time, by the time the crews passed under Hammersmith Bridge, they were level.
At some point in time, along Chiswick Eyot, Oxford moved ahead once again.
At some point in time, Oxford were clear of Cambridge after 30 strokes.
At some point in time, Oxford extended their lead.
At some point in time, Oxford passed the finishing post in 20 minutes 53 seconds.
At some point in time, Oxford finished six lengths ahead of Cambridge.
At some point in time, Oxford finished 22 seconds ahead of Cambridge.
At some point in time, driving rain, strong winds, and choppy water resulted in the slowest winning time for over sixty years.
At some point in time, Oxford's Isis beat Cambridge's Goldie by three-and-a-quarter lengths in the reserve race.
At some point in time, Oxford won the 44th running of the Women's Boat Race by half a length.
At some point in time, Oxford's Oliver Moore said "we got the rage going in the crew, and we started to kill it, we hit an awesome rhythm."
At some point in time, Cambridge coach Duncan Holland congratulated Oxford.
At some point in time, Duncan Holland said "Well done to Oxford, they were much faster on the day."
At some point in time, following tradition, the victorious Oxford crew tossed their cox Brodie into the Thames.