At some point in time, "Training Day" is the twentieth episode of the seventh season of the American comedy television series The Office.
At some point in time, "Training Day" is the 146th episode overall of The Office.
At some point in time, "Training Day" originally aired on NBC on April 14, 2011.
At some point in time, the episode was written by Daniel Chun.
At some point in time, the episode was directed by Paul Lieberstein.
At some point in time, this episode marks the first appearance of Deangelo Vickers in The Office.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers is portrayed by Will Ferrell.
At some point in time, The Office depicts the everyday lives of office employees in the Scranton, Pennsylvania branch of the fictional Dunder Mifflin Paper Company.
At some point in time, Michael Scott's replacement appears in the office to start receiving training from Michael Scott.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers is the new manager.
At some point in time, Andy Bernard finds himself awkwardly typecast.
At some point in time, Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert worry that they have come on too strong.
At some point in time, Dwight Schrute is apathetic about the new leader.
At some point in time, "Training Day" received mixed reviews from television critics.
At some point in time, many critics commented on Will Ferrell's appearance in "Training Day."
At some point in time, the episode was viewed by 4.16 million viewers.
At some point in time, "Training Day" received a 4.0/11 percent rating among adults between the ages of 18 and 49.
At some point in time, "Training Day" ranked first in its timeslot.
At some point in time, "Training Day" ultimately ranked as the highest-rated NBC series of the night.
At some point in time, Michael Scott is waiting in a hotel bar for Deangelo Vickers to show up.
At some point in time, Michael Scott meets a man at the bar and the two instantly hit it off.
At some point in time, it is revealed that the man Michael Scott has been talking to is actually Deangelo Vickers.
At some point in time, Michael Scott and Deangelo Vickers take some time to realize that they are talking to each other.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers comes to the branch the next day.
At some point in time, most of the staff is eager to make a good first impression.
At some point in time, Kevin wears his toupee.
At some point in time, Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert believe they have started off well by mentioning their baby.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers designates Andy Bernard as the office "funny guy."
At some point in time, Andy Bernard reveals that he carries name tags around to avoid awkward situations.
At some point in time, Dwight Schrute is not pleased that he was not selected to replace Michael Scott.
At some point in time, Dwight Schrute believes that Michael Scott put in a good recommendation for him.
At some point in time, Michael Scott becomes disturbed when Deangelo Vickers wants to make some changes.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers wants to change how Erin answers the phone.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers gets annoyed with Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers loves the antics of Andy Bernard.
At some point in time, Andy Bernard resorts to physical comedy when his jokes fall flat.
At some point in time, Andy Bernard pours hot coffee on his pants.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers urges Andy Bernard to eat soap.
At some point in time, Andy Bernard tells the camera that "this is my life now."
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers' popularity with the employees causes Michael Scott to get jealous.
At some point in time, Michael Scott passes out peanut butter sandwiches despite Deangelo Vickers' peanut allergy.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers assembles the staff in the "multipurpose room."
At some point in time, Dwight Schrute learns from Gabe that Michael Scott did not put in a recommendation.
At some point in time, Dwight Schrute snubs Michael Scott.
At some point in time, Jim Halpert tells Michael Scott that he chose to resign his job.
At some point in time, Jim Halpert tells Michael Scott that he needs to come to terms with his choice.
At some point in time, Jim Halpert tells Michael Scott that life is going to go on at the office.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers asks Michael Scott for advice on how to run the meeting.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers believes that Michael Scott is a good manager.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers believes that Dunder Mifflin won't be the same without Michael Scott.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers and Michael Scott make up with a reverse hug.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers tells Michael Scott that he should start enjoying his retirement.
At some point in time, Michael Scott returns to his office.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers conducts his meeting in the conference room.
At some point in time, Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert bring in Cece to impress Deangelo Vickers.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers reacts positively to Cece.
At some point in time, Deangelo Vickers reveals to the camera that he is indifferent to Cece.
At some point in time, the episode was written by co-executive producer Daniel Chun.
At some point in time, Daniel Chun has four writing credits for The Office.
At some point in time, the episode was directed by then-showrunner Paul Lieberstein.
At some point in time, Paul Lieberstein has six directing credits for The Office.
At some point in time, the episode marks the first appearance of Will Ferrell's four-episode arc on The Office.
At some point in time, the episode is one of Steve Carell's last episodes as a regular on The Office.
At some point in time, Will Ferrell signed on to appear in Steve Carell's final three episodes.
At some point in time, Will Ferrell signed on to appear in the first episode without Steve Carell, "The Inner Circle."
At some point in time, Steve Carell decided to leave The Office.
At some point in time, Steve Carell wanted to fulfill his contract.
At some point in time, Steve Carell had a contract for seven seasons.
At some point in time, the coming year is Steve Carell's seventh season.
At some point in time, Steve Carell thought it was time for his character to go.
At some point in time, Will Ferrell initially called the producers and offered to appear in Steve Carell's last season.
At some point in time, Will Ferrell is a fan of Steve Carell.
At some point in time, Will Ferrell wanted to commemorate Steve Carell's swan song.
At some point in time, Will Ferrell previously starred alongside Steve Carell in the 2004 film Anchorman: The Legend of Ron Burgundy.
At some point in time, the Season Seven DVD contains a number of deleted scenes from "Training Day."
At some point in time, the cut scenes include a sequence in which Michael Scott and Deangelo Vickers discuss cancer jokes.
At some point in time, the cut scenes include a sequence in which Michael Scott and Deangelo Vickers discuss the 2010 film Megamind.
At some point in time, the cut scenes include shots of Michael Scott and Deangelo Vickers discussing their enjoyment for coffee.
At some point in time, the cut scenes include Dwight Schrute attempting to appease his new boss.
At some point in time, "Training Day" was viewed by an estimated 7.871 million viewers in its original American broadcast.
At some point in time, "Training Day" received a 4.0 rating/11% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49 in its original American broadcast.
At some point in time, "Training Day" was seen by 4.0% of all 18- to 49-year-olds.
At some point in time, "Training Day" was seen by 11% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast.
At some point in time, "Training Day" was viewed by only 2 million viewers.
At some point in time, the rise in ratings from the previous episode, "Garage Sale," can be attributed to Will Ferrell's guest appearance.
At some point in time, "Training Day" beat the Fox crime drama Bones, which scored a 3.5/10 percent rating in the 18-49 demographic.
At some point in time, "Training Day" beat a rerun of the ABC medical drama Grey's Anatomy.
At some point in time, "Training Day" beat a rerun of the CBS crime drama CSI: Crime Scene Investigation.
At some point in time, Cindy White wrote that Deangelo Vickers was not given a proper introduction.
At some point in time, Cindy White wrote that Deangelo Vickers was not distinguished from Michael Scott's character.
At some point in time, Cindy White criticized Jim Halpert, Pam Halpert, and Dwight Schrute's reaction to Deangelo Vickers as the new manager.
At some point in time, Cindy White wrote that it is becoming painfully obvious that the longtime writers do not know what to do with Jim Halpert and Pam Halpert anymore.
At some point in time, Cindy White concluded that "Training Day" continued the seventh season's improvement over the sixth season.
At some point in time, Cindy White concluded that "Training Day" showed potential for future episodes of the season.
At some point in time, Cindy White ultimately gave "Training Day" a 7.5 out of 10 rating.
At some point in time, Cindy White denoted "Training Day" as a "good" episode.
At some point in time, Myles McNutt praised Michael Scott's reactions to the office easily ignoring him for Deangelo Vickers.
At some point in time, Myles McNutt called the final shot of Michael Scott walking into his office alone "quite effective."
At some point in time, Myles McNutt stated that Dwight Schrute's reaction to not being suggested to be Michael Scott's replacement made it more "meaningful."
At some point in time, Myles McNutt stated that the series was not "sophisticated" enough to use the plotline effectively.
At some point in time, Myles McNutt criticized the writing for the cast, stating it made them look "stupid" for "cheap humor."
At some point in time, Myles McNutt criticized the writing for the cast, stating it resulted in "enormously shallow laughter."
At some point in time, Myles McNutt ultimately gave "Training Day" a "C+."
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall complimented the chemistry between Will Ferrell and Steve Carell.
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall criticized the storyline, stating it came down to Michael Scott being petulant about not being the center of attention every minute of every day.
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall negatively compared the storyline to "Viewing Party."
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall noted that Will Ferrell's presence involved several funny moments.
At some point in time, Bonnie Stiernberg was more positive about "Training Day."
At some point in time, Bonnie Stiernberg preferred the use of comedy in "Training Day" following the emotional episode "Garage Sale."
At some point in time, Bonnie Stiernberg ultimately gave "Training Day" an 8.7 out of 10.
At some point in time, Will Ferrell's performance was especially noted by critics.
At some point in time, Myles McNutt complimented Will Ferrell's "nuanced" performance.
At some point in time, Myles McNutt called Will Ferrell's character "uninteresting."
At some point in time, Bonnie Stiernberg praised Will Ferrell's dynamic with Steve Carell.
At some point in time, Bonnie Stiernberg compared Will Ferrell's dynamic with Steve Carell to their previous roles in Anchorman.
At some point in time, Will Ferrell's later appearances in The Office received mixed reviews.
At some point in time, Myles McNutt called Will Ferrell's scenes a "momentum killer" in "Goodbye, Michael."
At some point in time, Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone called Will Ferrell's performance in "Goodbye, Michael" "pure magic."