At some point in time, Mycena inclinata is commonly known as the clustered bonnet or the oak-stump bonnet cap.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata is a species of mushroom in the family Mycenaceae.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata is a doubtfully edible mushroom.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata has a reddish-brown bell-shaped cap up to 4.5 cm (1.8 in) in diameter.
At some point in time, the thin stem of Mycena inclinata is up to 9 cm (3.5 in) tall.
At some point in time, the top of the stem of Mycena inclinata is whitish to yellow-brown.
At some point in time, the base of the stem of Mycena inclinata becomes reddish-brown towards maturity.
At some point in time, the base of the stem of Mycena inclinata is covered by a yellowish mycelium.
At some point in time, the yellowish mycelium can be up to a third of the length of the stem of Mycena inclinata.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena inclinata are pale brown to pinkish.
At some point in time, the spore print of Mycena inclinata is white.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata is a widespread saprobic fungus.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata has been found in Europe.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata has been found in North Africa.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata has been found in Asia.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata has been found in Australasia.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata has been found in North America.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata grows in small groups or tufts on fallen logs and stumps.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata especially grows on fallen logs and stumps of oak.
At some point in time, British mycologist E.J.H. Corner has described two varieties of Mycena inclinata from Borneo.
At some point in time, lookalike species with which Mycena inclinata may be confused include Mycena galericulata.
At some point in time, lookalike species with which Mycena inclinata may be confused include Mycena maculata.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata was first described as Agaricus inclinatus by Swedish mycologist Elias Magnus Fries in 1838.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata was assigned its current name in 1872 by Lucien Quélet.
At some point in time, Mycena galericulata var. calopus was named by Karsten in 1879.
At some point in time, Mycena galericulata var. calopus is a synonym of Mycena inclinata.
At some point in time, the basionym of Mycena galericulata var. calopus is Agaricus galericulatus var. calopus.
At some point in time, Agaricus galericulatus var. calopus was named by Fries in 1873.
At some point in time, in a molecular study, Mycena inclinata was found to be closely related to Mycena aurantiomarginata.
At some point in time, in a molecular study, Mycena inclinata was found to be closely related to Mycena crocata.
At some point in time, in a molecular study, Mycena inclinata was found to be closely related to Mycena leaiana.
At some point in time, the specific epithet "inclinata" means "bent in".
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena inclinata is light reddish-brown.
At some point in time, the diameter of the cap of Mycena inclinata typically ranges from 1 to 4.5 cm (0.4 to 1.8 in).
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena inclinata is initially conic to bell-shaped to convex.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena inclinata flattens during maturity.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena inclinata develops visible surface grooves corresponding to the gills underneath.
At some point in time, the margin of the cap of Mycena inclinata has minute but distinct scallops.
At some point in time, the surface of the cap of Mycena inclinata is moist and smooth.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena inclinata is hygrophanous.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena inclinata frequently develops splits in the margin.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena inclinata frequently develops cracks in the disc.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is thick in the center.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is thin elsewhere.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is grayish to whitish.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is fragile.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a slightly mealy odor.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a slightly mealy taste.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena inclinata have a decurrent attachment to the stem.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena inclinata are a pale brownish color with tinges of red.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena inclinata are broad, measuring between 3 and 6 mm.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena inclinata have a close to subdistant spacing.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata has about 26 to 35 gills reaching the stem.
At some point in time, the fragile stem of Mycena inclinata is 3 to 9 cm (1.2 to 3.5 in) long.
At some point in time, the fragile stem of Mycena inclinata is 0.15 to 0.4 cm (0.06 to 0.16 in) thick.
At some point in time, the stem of Mycena inclinata is yellow to yellow-brown.
At some point in time, the bottom half of the stem of Mycena inclinata becomes reddish-brown to orange-brown in maturity.
At some point in time, the lower portion of young stems of Mycena inclinata is covered with white flecks.
At some point in time, the base of the stem of Mycena inclinata is roughly equal in thickness at the top and bottom.
At some point in time, the edibility of Mycena inclinata is "doubtful".
At some point in time, consumption of Mycena inclinata is "best avoided".
At some point in time, the spores of Mycena inclinata measure 7 to 9 by 5 to 6.5 μm.
At some point in time, the spores of Mycena inclinata are broadly ellipsoid.
At some point in time, the spores of Mycena inclinata are smooth.
At some point in time, the spores of Mycena inclinata are strongly amyloid.
At some point in time, the basidia of Mycena inclinata are four-spored.
At some point in time, the pleurocystidia of Mycena inclinata are not differentiated.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata are embedded in the gill edge.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata are very inconspicuous.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata are club-shaped.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata measure 26 to 36 by 5 to 10 μm.
At some point in time, the tips of the cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata are covered with contorted projections.
At some point in time, the projections on the tips of the cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata can be slender or thick.
At some point in time, the flesh of the gills of Mycena inclinata is homogeneous.
At some point in time, the flesh of the gills of Mycena inclinata is pale yellowish to dirty brown when stained in iodine.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a distinct pellicle.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a well-differentiated hypoderm.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata has a filamentous tramal body.
At some point in time, the filamentous tramal body of Mycena inclinata is gill tissue.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena inclinata is pale yellowish to sordid brownish in iodine stain.
At some point in time, E.J.H. Corner defined the varieties Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis and Mycena inclinata var. subglobospora.
At some point in time, E.J.H. Corner published his definitions in 1994.
At some point in time, E.J.H. Corner published on Agaric mushrooms of Malesia.
At some point in time, the biogeographical region of Malesia straddles the boundary of the Indomalaya and Australasia ecozones.
At some point in time, the variety Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis is named after its type locality, Kinabalu.
At some point in time, the cap margin of Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis is not scalloped.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis has little or no odor.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis have shorter processes.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata var. kinabaluensis was found growing on the dead wood of Lithocarpus havilandii.
At some point in time, Lithocarpus havilandii is a stone oak tree in the beech family.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata var. subglobospora is found in Sabah.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata var. subglobospora has spores that are almost spherical.
At some point in time, Mycena maculata bears some resemblance to Mycena inclinata.
At some point in time, Mycena maculata is only associated with decaying hardwood logs and stumps.
At some point in time, Mycena maculata is found in eastern North America.
At some point in time, Mycena maculata is sometimes found on oak on the West Coast.
At some point in time, Mycena maculata develops reddish spots on the gills in age.
At some point in time, the reddish spots on the gills of Mycena maculata are not seen in Mycena inclinata.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata is often confused with the edible Mycena galericulata.
At some point in time, Mycena galericulata is a common species.
At some point in time, Mycena galericulata is variable in cap color.
At some point in time, Mycena galericulata is variable in size.
At some point in time, Mycena galericulata is variable in shape.
At some point in time, Mycena galericulata typically has a bluntly conical cap.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena galericulata is dull gray-brown.
At some point in time, Mycena galericulata has white to grayish veins.
At some point in time, the veins of Mycena galericulata have numerous cross-veins.
At some point in time, Mycena polygramma has a ridged stem.
At some point in time, the stem of Mycena polygramma is bluish-gray.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata is a saprobic fungus.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from living plants.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from leaves.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from twigs.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from bark.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata derives its nutrients from branches.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata produces enzymes capable of breaking down cellulose.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata produces enzymes capable of breaking down hemicellulose.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata produces enzymes capable of breaking down lignin.
At some point in time, the fruit bodies of Mycena inclinata grow in dense groups or clusters.
At some point in time, the fruit bodies of Mycena inclinata grow on decaying hardwood logs and stumps.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata especially grows on decaying hardwood logs and stumps of oak.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata grows during the spring.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata grows during the autumn.
At some point in time, Mycena inclinata forms a white, woolly mycelium on the surface of decomposing oak leaves.
At some point in