At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine was the tenth tropical storm of the 2008 Atlantic hurricane season.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine developed out of a strong tropical wave.
At some point in time, the strong tropical wave moved off the African coast on August 31, 2008.
At some point in time, the wave quickly became organized.
At some point in time, the wave was declared Tropical Depression Ten on September 2, 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Ten was located 170 miles (270 kilometers) to the south-southeast of the Cape Verde Islands on September 2, 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Ten was quickly upgraded to Tropical Storm Josephine around noon on September 2, 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine moved in a general west-northwest direction over the next several days.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine reached its peak intensity early on September 3, 2008.
At some point in time, strong wind shear caused Tropical Storm Josephine to weaken.
At some point in time, some of the strong wind shear was due to the outflow of Hurricane Ike.
At some point in time, dry air caused Tropical Storm Josephine to weaken.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine weakened into a tropical depression on September 6, 2008.
At some point in time, the combination of wind shear, dry air, and cooling waters caused Tropical Storm Josephine to weaken.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine deteriorated into a remnant low shortly after September 6, 2008.
At some point in time, convection continued to dissipate around Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, the remnant low ultimately dissipated while located 520 miles (835 kilometers) east of Guadeloupe on September 10, 2008.
At some point in time, the remnant moisture from Tropical Storm Josephine led to minor flooding on the island of St. Croix.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine formed as a tropical wave that emerged off the west coast of Africa near the end of August 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine tracked south of Cape Verde.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine slowly developed.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Ten became Tropical Depression Ten while located south-southeast of the Cape Verde Islands on September 2, 2008.
At some point in time, an eye-like feature developed in the upper levels of Tropical Depression Ten.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Ten was upgraded to Tropical Storm Josephine six hours after forming.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine was located in an area supportive for rapid intensification.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine was not forecast to intensify quickly.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine continued to intensify throughout the afternoon on September 2, 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine became more symmetrical as it intensified.
At some point in time, there was a lack of accurate wind speed readings for Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center was uncertain of the actual intensity of Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, the center of Tropical Storm Josephine became slightly exposed and ceased further intensification.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine was heading into an area where shear was forecasted to significantly increase.
At some point in time, the upper-level trough was diving southward.
At some point in time, convection was partially removed from the center of Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine intensified slightly in the early morning hours on September 3, 2008.
At some point in time, thunderstorm activity to the south of the center of Tropical Storm Josephine became more organized.
At some point in time, the intensification of Tropical Storm Josephine was forecast to be short in duration.
At some point in time, the trough to the north was deepening.
At some point in time, the wind shear to the west of Tropical Storm Josephine became stronger.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine reached its peak intensity of 65 mph (100 km/h) around 8 a.m. (EDT) on September 3, 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine continued to become more organized after reaching peak intensity.
At some point in time, there were indications that Tropical Storm Josephine had already begun to weaken.
At some point in time, outflow towards the north was becoming restricted for Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, arc clouds began emanating from Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, dry air was entering the system of Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, the structure of Tropical Storm Josephine began to rapidly deteriorate during the afternoon hours on September 3, 2008.
At some point in time, strong wind shear and dry air affected the structure of Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, by late night on September 3, 2008, the center of Tropical Storm Josephine was almost completely exposed.
At some point in time, only a band of convection persisted near the center of Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, a large, deep burst of convection formed in the northern semicircle of Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, the center of Tropical Storm Josephine shifted towards the new convection.
At some point in time, the increase in intensity of Tropical Storm Josephine was due to the shift towards the new convection.
At some point in time, the forecast showed a slight decrease in wind shear as Tropical Storm Josephine continued westward.
At some point in time, no change in intensity over the 5-day forecast was predicted for Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, the convection around Tropical Storm Josephine decreased once more.
At some point in time, the low became completely exposed by late morning on September 4, 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine weakened again after becoming exposed.
At some point in time, by the afternoon of September 4, 2008, the center of Tropical Storm Josephine was only a swirl of clouds.
At some point in time, the center of Tropical Storm Josephine was devoid of convection by the afternoon of September 4, 2008.
At some point in time, convection associated with Tropical Storm Josephine began to redevelop during the overnight hours on September 4 into the morning of September 5, 2008.
At some point in time, the redevelopment of convection was mostly to the north of the circulation of Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine re-intensified slightly by mid-morning on September 5, 2008.
At some point in time, the redevelopment of convection for Tropical Storm Josephine was short-lived.
At some point in time, wind shear again took its toll on Tropical Storm Josephine by late morning on September 5, 2008.
At some point in time, the convection around Tropical Storm Josephine became dislocated from the center.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine weakened slightly after the convection became dislocated.
At some point in time, the strengthening trend continued through the afternoon on September 5, 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine was affected by strong southerly shear.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine became almost fully devoid of any convection by mid-afternoon on September 5, 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine weakened to 40 mph (65 km/h) by mid-afternoon on September 5, 2008.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine barely held on to tropical storm status at 40 mph (65 km/h).
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine regained a small amount of convection in the late night hours on September 5, 2008.
At some point in time, the small amount of convection was not enough for Tropical Storm Josephine to still be classified as a tropical storm.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Josephine was downgraded to a Tropical Depression at 11 p.m. (EDT) on September 5, 2008.
At some point in time, the winds of Tropical Depression Josephine were 35 mph (55 km/h) at the time of downgrade.
At some point in time, there was no convection around Tropical Depression Josephine.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Josephine would have normally been classified as a remnant low.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Josephine was considered a tropical depression due to the possibility of regenerating over the next several days.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Josephine was downgraded to a remnant low the next morning after September 5, 2008.
At some point in time, strong wind shear and dry air caused the demise of Tropical Depression Josephine.
At some point in time, no redevelopment was expected with Tropical Depression Josephine.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Josephine began to move over colder waters.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Josephine remained under strong wind shear until it dissipated.
At some point in time, the remnant low associated with Tropical Depression Josephine began to show signs of redevelopment during the afternoon on September 7, 2008.
At some point in time, convection around the remnant low increased significantly.
At some point in time, the remnant low was no longer exposed after the convection increased.
At some point in time, wind shear took over the remnant low again on September 8, 2008.
At some point in time, convection around the remnant low was torn away on September 8, 2008.
At some point in time, the remnant low became exposed once more on September 8, 2008.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center did not state the chance of regeneration once the remnant low became exposed.
At some point in time, wind shear and dry air led to the remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine deteriorating into an open wave on September 9, 2008.
At some point in time, the remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine redeveloped on September 10, 2008.
At some point in time, global models picked up on the reformed system of the remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, the chance of regeneration was possible as the remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine headed towards the Bahamas.
At some point in time, dry air and wind shear caused the remnants of Tropical Storm Josephine to dissipate entirely on September 14, 2008.
At some point in time, outer rain bands produced minor rainfall as Tropical Storm Josephine passed to the south of the Cape Verde Islands on September 2, 2008.
At some point in time, the total rainfall from the outer rain bands was around 0.55 inches (14 mm).
At some point in time, there were no reports of damage or flooding from the rain associated with Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, the overall effects of Tropical Storm Josephine were minor.
At some point in time, several days after the low dissipated, the remnant moisture from Tropical Storm Josephine brought showers and thunderstorms to St. Croix.
At some point in time, up to 1 inch (25.4 mm) of rain fell in St. Croix due to the remnant moisture from Tropical Storm Josephine.
At some point in time, the heavy rains in St. Croix led to minor street flooding.
At some point in time, the heavy rains in St. Croix led to some urban flooding.
At some point in time, no known damage was caused by the flood in St. Croix.