At some point in time, Mount Elbert is the highest summit of the Rocky Mountains of North America.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is the highest point in the U.S. state of Colorado.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is the highest point in the entire Mississippi River drainage basin.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert has an elevation of 14,440 feet (4,401.2 meters).
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is the highest peak in the Sawatch Range.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is the second-highest summit in the contiguous United States after Mount Whitney.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is located in San Isabel National Forest.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is 12.1 miles (19.4 kilometers) southwest of the City of Leadville in Lake County, Colorado.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert was named in honor of Colorado statesman Samuel Hitt Elbert.
At some point in time, Samuel Hitt Elbert was active in the formative period of Colorado.
At some point in time, Samuel Hitt Elbert was the Governor of the Territory of Colorado from 1873 to 1874.
At some point in time, Henry W. Stuckle of the Hayden Survey was the first to record an ascent of Mount Elbert in 1874.
At some point in time, the easiest climbing routes on Mount Elbert are categorized as Class 1 to 2 or A+ in mountaineering parlance.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is often referred to as the "gentle giant" that tops all others in the Rocky Mountains.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is visible to the southwest of Leadville.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is often snow-capped even in the summer.
At some point in time, many other fourteeners surround Mount Elbert in all directions.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is very close to central Colorado's Collegiate Peaks.
At some point in time, Mount Massive is the second-highest peak in the Rocky Mountains.
At some point in time, Mount Massive is the third-highest peak in the contiguous United States.
At some point in time, La Plata Peak is the fifth-highest peak in the Rocky Mountains.
Mount Elbert is not the highest summit of the Rocky Mountains of North America.
At some point in time, the community of Twin Lakes lies at the base of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Denver is about 130 miles (209 kilometers) to the east of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Vail is 50 miles (80 kilometers) to the north of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Aspen is 40 miles (64 kilometers) to the west of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Leadville is about 16 miles (26 kilometers) to the northeast of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert's parent peak is Mount Whitney in California.
At some point in time, including Alaska and Hawaii, Mount Elbert is the fourteenth-highest mountain in the United States.
At some point in time, weather conditions on Mount Elbert often change rapidly.
At some point in time, afternoon thunderstorms are common in the summertime on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, hailstorms and snow are possible year-round on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, an electrical storm on Mount Elbert's summit was reported in the July 1894 issue of Science.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is part of the Sawatch Range.
At some point in time, the Sawatch Range was uplifted during the Laramide Orogeny.
At some point in time, the Sawatch Range separated from the Mosquito Range to the east around 28 million years ago.
At some point in time, the tops of the Sawatch Range were heavily glaciated.
At some point in time, the base of Mount Elbert on the eastern side exhibits large igneous and metamorphic rocks.
At some point in time, the large igneous and metamorphic rocks on Mount Elbert were deposited when the glaciers receded.
At some point in time, the large igneous and metamorphic rocks on Mount Elbert lie on a lateral moraine.
At some point in time, there is a large cirque with a small tarn further up the eastern side of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, there are lakes to both the north and south of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Turquoise Lake was created by the manmade Sugar Loaf Dam.
At some point in time, the Twin Lakes are a result of the natural dam of end moraines.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert is composed largely of quartzite.
At some point in time, the summit ridge of Mount Elbert consists of metamorphic basement rock.
At some point in time, the metamorphic basement rock of Mount Elbert is Pre-Cambrian in origin.
At some point in time, the metamorphic basement rock of Mount Elbert is about 1.7 billion years old.
At some point in time, there are various igneous intrusions including pegmatite on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, there are "bands" of gneiss and schist on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert lacks both a permanent snowpack and a prominent north-facing cirque.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert receives relatively small quantities of precipitation.
At some point in time, miners named Mount Elbert in honor of Samuel Hitt Elbert.
At some point in time, Samuel Hitt Elbert brokered a treaty in September 1873 with the Ute tribe.
At some point in time, the treaty brokered by Samuel Hitt Elbert opened up more than 3,000,000 acres (12,000 km²) of reservation land to mining and railroad activity.
At some point in time, the first recorded ascent of Mount Elbert was by H.W. Stuckle in 1874.
At some point in time, H.W. Stuckle was surveying Mount Elbert as part of the Hayden Survey.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert was originally measured as 14,433 feet (4,399 meters) in height.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert's elevation was later adjusted to 14,440 feet (4,400 meters).
At some point in time, the adjustment of Mount Elbert's elevation followed a re-evaluation of mapped elevations.
At some point in time, the adjustment of Mount Elbert's elevation sparked protests.
At some point in time, the actual change in Mount Elbert's elevation was made in 1988.
At some point in time, the actual change in Mount Elbert's elevation was a result of the North American Vertical Datum of 1988.
At some point in time, the original measurement of Mount Elbert resulted from the Sea Level Datum of 1929.
At some point in time, a matter of contention arose after the Great Depression over the heights of Mount Elbert and Mount Massive.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert and Mount Massive differ in elevation by only 12 feet (3.7 meters).
At some point in time, Mount Massive supporters built large piles of stones on the summit of Mount Massive to boost its height.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert proponents demolished the piles of stones built on the summit of Mount Massive.
At some point in time, the effort to boost Mount Massive's height was ultimately unsuccessful.
At some point in time, Mount Elbert has remained the highest peak in Colorado.
At some point in time, the first motorized ascent of Mount Elbert occurred in 1949.
At some point in time, a Jeep was driven to the summit of Mount Elbert in 1949.
At some point in time, the Jeep was driven to Mount Elbert to judge suitability for skiing development.
At some point in time, the summit of Mount Elbert is an alpine environment.
At some point in time, plants such as Phacelia sericea (sky-pilot) are found on the summit of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, plants such as Hymenoxys grandiflora (old-man-of-the-mountain) are found on the summit of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, plants such as Geum rossii (alpine avens) are found on the summit of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Carex atrata var. pullata is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Salix desertorum is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Platanthera hyperborea is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Thalictrum fendleri is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Aquilegia canadensis is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Chenopodium album is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Gentiana detonsa var. hallii is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, Bigelovia parryi is found below treeline on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, the lower slopes of Mount Elbert are covered with a mixture of lodgepole pine, spruce, aspen, and fir.
At some point in time, black bears are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, marmots are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, mule deer are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, pikas are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, pocket gophers are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, many species of avifauna are reported on the climb to the summit of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, elk are present in the area around Mount Elbert during the summer.
At some point in time, grouse are present in the area around Mount Elbert during the summer.
At some point in time, turkey are present in the area around Mount Elbert during the summer.
At some point in time, bighorn sheep are present in the area around Mount Elbert during the summer.
At some point in time, there are three main routes which ascend Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, all three main routes gain over 4,100 feet (1,200 meters) of elevation.
At some point in time, the standard route ascends Mount Elbert from the east.
At some point in time, the standard route starts from the Colorado Trail just north of Twin Lakes.
At some point in time, the North (Main) Elbert Trail is 4.6 miles (7.4 kilometers) long.
At some point in time, the North (Main) Elbert Trail begins close to the Elbert Creek Campground.
At some point in time, the North (Main) Elbert Trail gains about 4,500 feet (1,400 meters) in elevation.
At some point in time, the North (Main) Elbert Trail is open to equestrians, mountain bikers, and hunters during season.
At some point in time, the South Elbert Trail is an easier but longer route.
At some point in time, the South Elbert Trail is 5.5 miles (8.9 kilometers) long.
At some point in time, the South Elbert Trail climbs 4,600 feet (1,400 meters) at a less-punishing gradient than the North Elbert Trail.
At some point in time, the South Elbert Trail approaches Mount Elbert from the south.
At some point in time, the South Elbert Trail climbs the eastern ridge of Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, the Black Cloud Trail is the most difficult of the main routes.
At some point in time, the Black Cloud Trail is a Class 2 climb.
At some point in time, the Black Cloud Trail takes ten to fourteen hours depending on pace.
At some point in time, the Black Cloud Trail gains 5,300 feet (1,600 meters) in elevation.
At some point in time, the Black Cloud Trail involves an ascent of the sub-peak South Elbert.
At some point in time, South Elbert has an elevation of 14,134 feet (4,308 meters).
At some point in time, even healthy and experienced climbers report great difficulty on the Black Cloud Trail.
At some point in time, the Black Cloud Trail is extremely steep, unstable, and rocky in places.
At some point in time, the elevation gain on the Black Cloud Trail is not evenly distributed over the 5.5-mile ascent.
At some point in time, there are routes approaching Mount Elbert from the western face.
At some point in time, there are routes approaching Mount Elbert from the southwestern ridge.
At some point in time, the routes approaching Mount Elbert from the southwestern ridge start from South Halfmoon Creek Trailhead.
At some point in time, the routes approaching Mount Elbert from the western face start from Echo Canyon Trailhead.
At some point in time, none of the conventional routes on Mount Elbert require specialist mountaineering skills.
At some point in time, none of the conventional routes on Mount Elbert require technical rock climbing.
At some point in time, the main dangers of Mount Elbert are those common to all high mountains.
At some point in time, altitude sickness can affect anyone on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, altitude sickness can affect even those who are acclimatized on Mount Elbert.
At some point in time, serious cases of altitude sickness can lead to high-altitude pulmonary edema.
At some point in time, serious cases of altitude sickness can lead to cerebral edema.
At some point in time, high-altitude pulmonary edema can lead to difficulties with breathing.
At