At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b is an extrasolar planet.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b is approximately 44 light-years away from the Sun.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b is located in the constellation of Andromeda.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b orbits the red dwarf star, Upsilon Andromedae B.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b orbits Upsilon Andromedae B approximately every five days.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b was discovered in June 1996.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Marcy discovered Upsilon Andromedae b.
At some point in time, R. Paul Butler discovered Upsilon Andromedae b.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b was one of the first hot Jupiters to be discovered.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b was one of the first non-resolved planets to be detected directly.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b is the innermost known planet in its planetary system.
At some point in time, The International Astronomical Union launched a process for giving proper names to certain exoplanets and their host stars in July 2014.
At some point in time, The process for naming exoplanets involved public nomination and voting for new names.
At some point in time, The International Astronomical Union announced the winning name for Upsilon Andromedae b was Saffar in December 2015.
At some point in time, The winning name Saffar was submitted by the Vega Astronomy Club of Morocco.
At some point in time, The winning name Saffar honors the 11th Century astronomer Ibn al-Saffar of Muslim Spain.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b was detected by variations in Upsilon Andromedae B's radial velocity caused by Upsilon Andromedae b's gravity.
At some point in time, The variations in Upsilon Andromedae B's radial velocity were detected by making sensitive measurements of the Doppler shift of Upsilon Andromedae B's spectrum.
At some point in time, The existence of Upsilon Andromedae b was announced in January 1997.
At some point in time, The announcement of Upsilon Andromedae b's existence occurred together with the announcement of 55 Cancri b.
At some point in time, The announcement of Upsilon Andromedae b's existence occurred together with the announcement of the planet orbiting Tau Boötis.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b orbits very close to its star.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b orbits closer to its star than Mercury does to the Sun.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b takes 4.617 days to complete an orbit.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b has a semimajor axis of 0.0595 AU.
At some point in time, Only a lower limit on the mass of Upsilon Andromedae b can be found using the radial velocity method.
At some point in time, The lower limit on the mass of Upsilon Andromedae b is 68.7% of the mass of Jupiter.
At some point in time, The true mass of Upsilon Andromedae b may be much greater than the lower limit.
At some point in time, The inclination of the orbital plane of Upsilon Andromedae b is around 25 degrees.
At some point in time, The true mass of Upsilon Andromedae b may be about 1.4 MJ.
At some point in time, Coplanarity is not to be assumed for Upsilon Andromedae b.
At some point in time, The mutual inclination between planets c and d is 35 degrees.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b is likely a gas giant with no solid surface.
At some point in time, The Spitzer Space Telescope measured the temperature of Upsilon Andromedae b.
At some point in time, The temperature difference between the two sides of Upsilon Andromedae b is about 1,400 degrees Celsius.
At some point in time, The temperature of Upsilon Andromedae b ranges from minus 20 to 230 degrees Celsius.
At some point in time, The temperature of Upsilon Andromedae b ranges from 1,400 to 1,650 degrees Celsius.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b is speculated to be tidally locked with the same side always facing Upsilon Andromedae A.
At some point in time, Sudarsky predicted Upsilon Andromedae b to have reflective clouds of silicates and iron in its upper atmosphere.
At some point in time, The cloud deck of Upsilon Andromedae b absorbs the Sun's radiation.
At some point in time, A stratosphere of cooler gas exists between the hot, high-pressure gas surrounding the mantle and the cloud deck of Upsilon Andromedae b.
At some point in time, The outer shell of dark, opaque, hot cloud on Upsilon Andromedae b is assumed to consist of vanadium and titanium oxides.
At some point in time, Other compounds like tholins cannot be ruled out for Upsilon Andromedae b.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b is unlikely to have large moons.
At some point in time, Tidal forces would either eject large moons from orbit or destroy them on short timescales compared to the age of the system.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b was deemed a candidate for direct imaging by Planetpol.
At some point in time, Preliminary results from polarimetric studies indicate that Upsilon Andromedae b has a predominately blue color.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b is 1.36 times as large as Jupiter.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b is 0.74 times as massive as Jupiter.
At some point in time, The mean density of Upsilon Andromedae b is 0.36 g/cm³.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b has a geometric albedo of 0.35 in visible light.
At some point in time, Upsilon Andromedae b appears to be responsible for increased chromospheric activity on Upsilon Andromedae B.
At some point in time, Observations suggest that there is a "hot spot" on Upsilon Andromedae B around 169 degrees away from the sub-planetary point.
At some point in time, The "hot spot" on Upsilon Andromedae B may be the result of interactions between the magnetic fields of Upsilon Andromedae b and Upsilon Andromedae B.
At some point in time, The mechanism responsible for the activity of Upsilon Andromedae B may be similar to that responsible for the activity of RS Canum Venaticorum variable stars.
At some point in time, The mechanism responsible for the activity of Upsilon Andromedae B may be similar to the interaction between Jupiter and its moon Io.