At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz was a Category 1 hurricane.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz killed four people.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz brushed the western coast of Mexico in June 2011.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz originated from an area of disturbed weather on June 19.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz originated several hundred miles south of Mexico.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz gradually intensified.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz gained latitude.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz became increasingly organized.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz reached hurricane status on the evening of June 20.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz attained winds of 90 mph (150 km/h) on June 21.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz passed roughly 15 miles (20 km) off the coast of Mexico.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz abruptly weakened hours after passing near Mexico.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz dissipated over open waters early on June 22.
At some point in time, hurricane watches and warnings were issued for coastal areas prior to Beatriz's arrival in Mexico.
At some point in time, hundreds of shelters opened across the states of Colima and Guerrero.
At some point in time, heavy rains from Hurricane Beatriz triggered significant flooding along the Sabana River in Acapulco.
At some point in time, heavy rains from Hurricane Beatriz killed four people.
At some point in time, the overall effects of Hurricane Beatriz were limited.
At some point in time, the rains from Hurricane Beatriz were largely beneficial in mitigating a severe drought.
At some point in time, on June 16, 2011, a trough situated off the southern coast of Guatemala showed signs of possible tropical cyclogenesis.
At some point in time, the system remained broad and disorganized as it moved slowly west-northwestward.
At some point in time, convection consolidated around an area of low pressure.
At some point in time, a Tropical Cyclone Formation Alert was issued for the system on June 18.
At some point in time, the system was expected to develop into a tropical depression within 24 hours.
At some point in time, on June 19, the low further developed and was declared Tropical Depression Two-E by the National Hurricane Center at 1500 UTC.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Two-E was located about 335 miles (540 km) south-southeast of Lázaro Cárdenas, Mexico.
At some point in time, the depression had actually developed nine hours earlier after post-analysis.
At some point in time, the depression was forecast to move into a favorable environment characterized by low wind shear and sea surface temperatures up to 86 °F (30 °C).
At some point in time, three hours after classification, the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Beatriz.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Beatriz was the second named storm of the season.
At some point in time, convection increased markedly early on June 20.
At some point in time, several overshooting tops appeared on satellite imagery.
At some point in time, a notable increase in southerly outflow took place.
At some point in time, as the subtropical ridge north of the storm weakened, Beatriz acquired a more northerly component to its track.
At some point in time, the center of Hurricane Beatriz moved closer to Mexico.
At some point in time, convective bands gradually wrapped around Hurricane Beatriz throughout June 20.
At some point in time, a hurricane hunter aircraft found Hurricane Beatriz just below hurricane strength on June 20.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz was upgraded just a few hours later while situated roughly 85 miles (140 km) southeast of Manzanillo, Mexico.
At some point in time, a 23 to 29 miles (37 to 47 km) wide eye developed within the central dense overcast early on June 21.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center estimated Hurricane Beatriz to have attained winds of 90 mph (150 km/h).
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center estimated Hurricane Beatriz to have a barometric pressure of 977 mbar (hPa; 28.85 inHg).
At some point in time, estimates from the University of Wisconsin and the Satellite Analysis Branch suggested Hurricane Beatriz could have winds of 105 mph (165 km/h).
Hurricane Beatriz did not brush the coast of Mexico on June 21.
At some point in time, the center of Hurricane Beatriz passed roughly 15 miles (20 km) south-southeast of La Fortuna, Mexico.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz interacted with land and began weakening.
At some point in time, convection rapidly diminished as dry air became entrained in the circulation.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center downgraded Hurricane Beatriz to a tropical storm.
At some point in time, rapid weakening continued throughout June 21.
At some point in time, by the evening of June 21, Hurricane Beatriz no longer had a defined circulation.
At some point in time, the final advisory was issued on Hurricane Beatriz.
At some point in time, the storm's remnants persisted for several more hours before dissipating roughly 175 miles (280 km) southwest of Cabo Corrientes, Mexico.
At some point in time, following the classification of Tropical Depression Two-E on June 19, the Government of Mexico issued a tropical storm warning for coastal areas between Zihuatanejo and Manzanillo.
At some point in time, a hurricane watch was put in place from Tecpán de Galeana to Punta San Telmo.
At some point in time, the tropical storm warning was upgraded to a hurricane warning on June 19.
At some point in time, the hurricane watch was extended westward to La Fortuna.
At some point in time, as Hurricane Beatriz continued to strengthen, the watches and warnings were extended westward to Cabo Corrientes on June 20.
At some point in time, the easternmost advisories were discontinued early on June 21 as Hurricane Beatriz moved away.
At some point in time, all watches and warnings were discontinued later on June 21 in light of Hurricane Beatriz's rapid weakening.
At some point in time, residents in Colima and Jalisco were warned of heavy rains that could trigger flooding and mudslides.
At some point in time, schools across Colima and Jalisco canceled classes for June 21.
At some point in time, a total of 236 shelters were opened to the public in Colima.
At some point in time, the Mexican Navy was placed on standby for hurricane relief.
At some point in time, a total of 980 temporary shelters were opened in Guerrero.
At some point in time, many temporary shelters in Guerrero were located in Acapulco.
At some point in time, many residents in Guerrero were expected to evacuate flood-prone areas.
At some point in time, an orange-level alert was issued for portions of Chiapas in light of potentially heavy rains.
At some point in time, the Servicio Meteorológico Nacional advised that all air and sea traffic be suspended until the passage of Hurricane Beatriz.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz produced heavy rain across Guerrero, peaking at 222.5 mm (8.76 in) in Copala, Guerrero.
At some point in time, several homes across Guerrero were damaged.
No homes were destroyed across Guerrero.
At some point in time, Hurricane Beatriz inundated 380 homes in Acapulco with flood waters.
At some point in time, evacuations were prompted in areas built in 1999 to relocate residents after Hurricane Pauline.
At some point in time, several landslides blocked off roads in Guerrero.
At some point in time, a 100 m (330 ft) section of a roundabout was destroyed in Guerrero.
At some point in time, three people were killed in the community of Amatillo after being washed away by flood waters.
At some point in time, heavy rains from Hurricane Beatriz caused the Sabana River to overflow its banks.
At some point in time, one hundred fifty homes across 14 colonias were placed under water due to the overflow of the Sabana River.
At some point in time, one person drowned in San Agustín after falling into the swollen river.
At some point in time, twenty-seven colonias in and around the city lost power after muddy floodwaters entered a substation.
At some point in time, at least a dozen homes lost their roofs due to high winds throughout Oaxaca.
At some point in time, portions of Colima, Chiapas, Michoacán, and Jalisco experienced heavy rains.
At some point in time, in many areas, the rain proved beneficial in mitigating a severe drought.