At some point in time, Mason was injured in warm-ups late in the year.
At some point in time, Columbus was without an active goaltender on their roster.
At some point in time, the team signed Shawn Hunwick to a one-day amateur tryout contract.
At some point in time, Shawn Hunwick was a former University of Michigan goaltender.
At some point in time, Shawn Hunwick skipped an astronomy class to drive to Columbus.
At some point in time, Shawn Hunwick drove his worn down 2003 Ford Ranger to Columbus.
At some point in time, Shawn Hunwick served as the back-up to Allen York during the game.
At some point in time, Shawn Hunwick signed a contract for the remainder of the year the following day.
At some point in time, Mason returned from injury.
At some point in time, Shawn Hunwick was third on the team's depth chart.
At some point in time, an injury to Allen York allowed Shawn Hunwick to remain as the back-up for the final two games of the year.
At some point in time, the Blue Jackets were leading the Islanders 7-3 with 2:33 remaining in the final game of the season.
At some point in time, Head Coach Todd Richards put Shawn Hunwick in to finish the game at the behest of his teammates.
At some point in time, Shawn Hunwick did not face a shot in the final game of the season.
At some point in time, Shawn Hunwick was the franchise record ninth player to make his NHL debut during the season.
At some point in time, Vaclav Prospal played in his 1,000th NHL game during the year.
At some point in time, during the off-season, the Blue Jackets parted ways with Jan Hejda.
At some point in time, during the off-season, the Blue Jackets parted ways with Anton Stralman.
At some point in time, during the off-season, the Blue Jackets parted ways with Sami Lepisto.
At some point in time, during the off-season, the Blue Jackets parted ways with Mike Commodore.
At some point in time, Jan Hejda played four of his first five NHL seasons with the Blue Jackets.
At some point in time, Columbus offered Jan Hejda a contract.
At some point in time, Jan Hejda felt that the organization valued him.
At some point in time, Jan Hejda stayed with the Blue Jackets.
At some point in time, Columbus offered Jan Hejda a three-year, $7.5 million contract.
At some point in time, Jan Hejda signed a four-year, $13 million deal with the Colorado Avalanche.
At some point in time, Stralman was not given a qualifying offer.
At some point in time, Lepisto was not given a qualifying offer.
At some point in time, Stralman became an unrestricted free agent.
At some point in time, Lepisto became an unrestricted free agent.
At some point in time, Stralman signed with another team.
At some point in time, Lepisto signed with another team.
At some point in time, Mike Commodore originally signed a big contract with the Blue Jackets in 2008.
At some point in time, Mike Commodore fell out of favor with the Blue Jackets.
At some point in time, Mike Commodore was waived by the Blue Jackets.
At some point in time, Mike Commodore was sent to the minors.
At some point in time, Mike Commodore had his contract bought out.
At some point in time, Columbus acquired James Wisniewski to replace the departed players.
At some point in time, Columbus signed Radek Martinek to replace the departed players.
At some point in time, Radek Martinek played only seven games with the Blue Jackets.
At some point in time, Radek Martinek suffered a concussion.
At some point in time, Radek Martinek missed the remainder of the season.
At some point in time, Brett Lebda was brought in to replace Radek Martinek.