At some point in time, L.A.M.B. is a fashion line by American singer Gwen Stefani.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani is the lead vocalist of the rock band No Doubt.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. manufactures apparel and fashion accessories.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. was founded in 2003.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. made its runway debut in 2004.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. manufactures accessories like shoes, watches, bags, and a fragrance called "L."
At some point in time, the name L.A.M.B. is an acronym of Gwen Stefani's debut solo album Love. Angel. Music. Baby.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. is influenced by a variety of fashion cultures, including Guatemalan, Japanese, Indian, and Jamaican styles.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani came from a family of seamstresses.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani was inspired to launch her own fashion line by her family's background in sewing.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. achieved popularity among celebrities.
At some point in time, Teri Hatcher wears L.A.M.B. products.
At some point in time, Nicole Kidman wears L.A.M.B. products.
At some point in time, Paris Hilton wears L.A.M.B. products.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani wears L.A.M.B. products.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. made a runway debut in the spring collection of 2004.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. achieved mainstream success at New York Fashion Week in 2005.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. currently makes an annual gross income of $90 million.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. and its fashion shows were well received by critics.
At some point in time, critics appreciated the indulgence of a celebrity into the fashion world.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani launched an additional fashion line called Harajuku Lovers.
At some point in time, in late 2014, Gwen Stefani announced she would be producing an animated series based on the characters Love, Angel, Music, and Baby.
At some point in time, the animated series Kuukuu Harajuku follows the Harajuku Girls, known together as HJ5.
At some point in time, the Harajuku Girls fight evil and try to pursue their music career.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani first came face to face with designing clothes when she and her mother sewed clothes for themselves when she was young.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani comes from a long line of seamstresses.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani's great-grandmother sewed clothes.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani made most of the things she wore onstage during concerts.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani felt she lost her way when she became successful and began to tour constantly.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani met the stylist Andrea Lieberman.
At some point in time, Andrea Lieberman introduced Gwen Stefani to haute couture clothing.
At some point in time, Andrea Lieberman became Gwen Stefani's creative consultant.
At some point in time, Zaldy Goco took over as the head designer of L.A.M.B.
At some point in time, Zaldy Goco later parted ways with L.A.M.B.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. started out as a collaboration with LeSportsac in 2003.
At some point in time, the name L.A.M.B. stands for Love. Angel. Music. Baby.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. manufactures clothes, shoes, bags, and a fragrance called "L."
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. started out as a line for women.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. claims that the track items are unisex.
At some point in time, Ska Girl LLC manufactured the clothes for L.A.M.B.
At some point in time, Ska Girl LLC was founded in 2003 by Ken Erman.
At some point in time, Ken Erman is the president of L.A.M.B.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. has been more of a collaborative fashion line for its other products.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. is teaming up with another manufacturer.
At some point in time, the official L.A.M.B. website is down.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. joined with Royal Elastics for the shoe line.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani is widening her footwear line for adults to include boots and stilettos.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. collaborated with Coty Inc. for the fragrance.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. collaborated with LeSportsac for handbags in 2003.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani designed a new line of handbags with Shifter and Partners in 2006.
At some point in time, the bags feature LeSportsac's signature rip-stop nylon.
At some point in time, the bags include a variety of antiqued metal hardware, leather trims, and colorful linings.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani plans to design lingerie for L.A.M.B.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani plans to make make-up products for L.A.M.B.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. partnered with Vestal Group on a line of women's watches.
At some point in time, the line consists of 39 timepieces.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. products are relatively expensive.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. apparel is priced from $55 to $1100.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. handbags are priced from $80 to $825.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. watches are priced from $125 to $995.
At some point in time, Coty Inc. announced a global licensing agreement with Gwen Stefani to develop and market fragrances for L.A.M.B.
At some point in time, Catherine Walsh is the senior vice president of American Fragrances at Coty Prestige.
At some point in time, Catherine Walsh said that Coty Inc. will work closely with Gwen Stefani to ensure that her signature fragrance captures her rare spirit, style, and warmth.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani said that creating a fragrance is one of the most prestigious things a designer can do.
At some point in time, the fragrance called "L" was launched in September 2007 at Soho House in New York.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani worked with perfumer Harry Fremont to develop the scent.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani described the fragrance as something she created for herself.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani described the fragrance as "like me shrunk into a box."
At some point in time, the perfume is a blend of the aromas of hyacinth, white freesia, fresh pear, violet, jasmine, rose, lily, sweet pea, orange blossom, peach, frangipani, heliotrope, and musk.
At some point in time, the perfume is available in 50 ml and 100 ml bottles.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani frequently refers to her clothing line in her music.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani uses her clothing line as one of the brand's promotional strategies.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani refers to her clothing line in her songs "Wind It Up," "Harajuku Girls," and "Crash."
At some point in time, the song "Crash" incorporates the brand's slogan, "I want you all over me like L.A.M.B."
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani is often seen wearing her own designs during public appearances.
At some point in time, a thirty-second commercial directed by Sophie Muller was released to promote the brand's fragrance.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. participated in the Spring/Summer 2006 New York Fashion Week.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. participated in the Spring/Summer 2007 New York Fashion Week.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. participated in the Spring/Summer 2008 New York Fashion Week.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani described her first line, which debuted on September 16, 2005, as inspired by "a little Sound of Music, some Orange County chola girl, some Rasta, and a bit of The Great Gatsby."
At some point in time, the highlights of the Spring/Summer 2006 show included purple cars bouncing using hydraulics.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani's song "Wind It Up" made its debut as the models walked the runway during the Spring/Summer 2006 show.
At some point in time, for Spring/Summer 2007, Gwen Stefani opted for a presentation rather than a catwalk show.
At some point in time, the models in the Spring/Summer 2007 show wore identical blond wigs.
At some point in time, the designs in the Spring/Summer 2007 show were inspired by Michelle Pfeiffer's role as Elvira Hancock in the 1983 film Scarface.
At some point in time, the Spring/Summer 2007 show included some of Gwen Stefani's trademark tracksuits.
At some point in time, the Spring/Summer 2007 show extensively referenced prints from Guatemala, India, and Japan.
At some point in time, on September 5, 2007, L.A.M.B. opened New York's Spring/Summer 2008 Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week.
At some point in time, the Spring/Summer 2008 collection looked like the sixties as seen by someone who grew up in the eighties.
At some point in time, the Spring/Summer 2008 collection incorporated influences from Gwen Stefani's ska roots.
At some point in time, fashion week organizer Fern Mallis said that celebrity designers provided synergy and energy to the fashion industry.
At some point in time, Fern Mallis said that Gwen Stefani's collection was a desirable opener.
At some point in time, the L.A.M.B. line was mostly well received by critics.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani was criticized for not taking fashion seriously even though she is a celebrity.
At some point in time, Fern Mallis of IMG praised the L.A.M.B. line and Gwen Stefani.
At some point in time, Fern Mallis said that the L.A.M.B. line is clearly at the top of these lines.
At some point in time, Fern Mallis said that the L.A.M.B. line is as unique and individual as Gwen Stefani herself.
At some point in time, the shoes from L.A.M.B. were well received by critics.
At some point in time, the shoes from L.A.M.B. were considered to be pricey.
At some point in time, Desiree Stimpert of About.com said that L.A.M.B. shoes aren't for everyone.
At some point in time, Desiree Stimpert of About.com said that L.A.M.B. shoes will most definitely appeal to fans of Gwen Stefani's music and fashion sense.
At some point in time, Tim Stack of Entertainment Weekly said that L.A.M.B.'s embellished tracksuits, Rasta-inspired knits, and gaucho-heel combos deliver the edge.
At some point in time, Nicole Phelps of Style.com said that the L.A.M.B. collection looked like the sixties as seen by someone who grew up in the eighties.
At some point in time, Nicole Phelps of Style.com said that the L.A.M.B. collection was altogether more wearable and on trend.
At some point in time, fashion journalist Cathy Horyn of The New York Times said that Gwen Stefani's fashion line experienced a fashion meltdown.
At some point in time, the L.A.M.B. brand is sold in 275 stores worldwide.
At some point in time, Kelly Ripa wears L.A.M.B. products.
At some point in time, L.A.M.B. sales expanded from $40 million in 2005 to a predicted $90 million in 2007.
At some point in time, according to a Nordstrom spokesperson, the debut of L.A.M.B.'s watch line sold out in two days.
At some point in time, the debut of L.A.M.B.'s watch line was the store's most successful watch launch ever.
At some point in time, the L.A.M.B. brand's designs have appeared in W, Marie Claire, Elle, Lucky, and InStyle.