At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God is a former Eastern Orthodox cathedral in the city of Veliko Tarnovo.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God is located in north central Bulgaria.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God is situated on top of the fortified Tsarevets hill.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God was the seat of the Bulgarian patriarch from its construction in the 11th century to its destruction in 1393.
At some point in time, the construction of the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God occurred in the 11th century or the 12th century.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God was initially built as a monastery church.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God was part of a monastery compound.
At some point in time, the monastery compound suffered large-scale damage caused by a fire.
At some point in time, the fire necessitated the church's reconstruction in the middle of the 14th century.
At some point in time, the reconstruction of the church may have occurred during the rule of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria.
At some point in time, the church underwent repair and reinforcement efforts in the 14th century.
At some point in time, the church's reconstruction in the 14th century included the construction of the exonarthex.
At some point in time, the church's reconstruction in the 14th century included the construction of the bell tower.
At some point in time, there are several references to the Patriarchal Cathedral of the Holy Ascension of God in medieval sources.
At some point in time, the earliest reference to the church involves the transfer of Saint Michael the Warrior's relics from the Potuka fortress to the Patriarchal Cathedral.
At some point in time, the transfer of Saint Michael the Warrior's relics was ordered by Tsar Kaloyan.
At some point in time, the housing of Saint Michael the Warrior's relics in the Patriarchal Cathedral signifies the incessant warfare against Byzantines and Latins during Kaloyan's reign.
At some point in time, Saint Evtimiy described the church as the "great patriarch's Cathedral of the Holy Ascension" in his writings.
At some point in time, a marginal note from 1358 may reference the church.
At some point in time, the copyist of the marginal note is named Laloe.
At some point in time, Laloe thanked God and the "Holy and Most Glorious Ascension" for finishing his work on the book.
At some point in time, scholar Bistra Nikolova believes the marginal note may allude to the Patriarchal Cathedral.
At some point in time, the church is depicted in a medieval sketch of Tarnovo in the Braşov Menaion.
At some point in time, the Braşov Menaion is a menaion service book written in the mid-14th century.
At some point in time, the Braşov Menaion was carried to Kronstadt after the fall of Bulgaria under Ottoman rule.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral was destroyed after the Ottomans captured the Bulgarian capital.
At some point in time, the Ottomans captured the Bulgarian capital after their Siege of Tarnovo on 17 July 1393.
At some point in time, the church was fully reconstructed in the 20th century.
At some point in time, the reconstruction works were carried out by a team under architect Boyan Kuzupov.
At some point in time, the reconstruction works commenced in 1978.
At some point in time, the reconstruction works were finished in 1981.
At some point in time, the reconstruction marked Bulgaria's 1300th anniversary.
At some point in time, the church was opened for visitors in November 1985.
At some point in time, the contemporary murals were finished in November 1985.
At some point in time, the church's ruins have been protected as a national antiquity since 1927.
At some point in time, the church's ruins were proclaimed an architectural monument of culture of national importance in 1967.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral is listed among the 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral is located on top of the Tsarevets hill.
At some point in time, the church overlooks the modern city of Veliko Tarnovo.
At some point in time, the church was part of a group of buildings that constituted the seat of the Bulgarian Patriarchate.
At some point in time, the church acted as the city and the country's main cathedral.
At some point in time, the patriarchate on Tsarevets was a fortress with two defensive towers.
At some point in time, the patriarchate had an entrance on its west wall.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral stood in the middle of its courtyard.
At some point in time, the Patriarchal Cathedral features a triple apse.
At some point in time, the central part of the triple apse matches the apse of the original basilica on the site.
At some point in time, the three-naved church follows the traditional Byzantine cross-in-square design.
At some point in time, the church was built out of crushed stones and mortar with limited brickwork.
At some point in time, the church measures 26 by 12 metres (85 ft × 39 ft).
At some point in time, the cathedral includes two narthices.
At some point in time, the cathedral includes a bell tower.
At some point in time, the cathedral includes two other premises attached to the south church wall.
At some point in time, the presence of a bell tower is considered a rarity in Balkan church architecture.
At some point in time, six columns support the interior of the church.
At some point in time, the six columns distinguish the altar from the cella (naos).
At some point in time, it is unclear whether the church housed a synthronon in the apse.
At some point in time, there are doubts that the remains of a synthronon may actually be part of the older basilica.
At some point in time, the church featured ample exterior and interior decoration.
At some point in time, the facades of the church were decorated with arches and ceramic tiles.
At some point in time, the interior floor mosaics were made of white, yellow, and pink marble.
At some point in time, the interior floor mosaics included semi-precious gemstones like sapphire and porphyry.
At some point in time, the interior walls were covered with frescoes and mosaics.
At some point in time, none of the interior decoration has survived.
At some point in time, during the church's 20th-century reconstruction, its interior was repainted by artist Teofan Sokerov.
At some point in time, Teofan Sokerov depicted important moments of medieval Bulgarian history in a modernist style.
At some point in time, due to the contemporary murals, the church has never been reconsecrated.
At some point in time, the church remains inactive as a Christian place of worship.
At some point in time, the facade of the cathedral includes a stone with a donor's inscription of a Bulgarian ruler.
At some point in time, the stone with a donor's inscription ended up as part of the building material.
At some point in time, there are a total of four burial grounds in and around the church.
At some point in time, two of the burial grounds are burials for priests.
At some point in time, one of the burial grounds is inside the exonarthex.
At some point in time, overarched tombs were built in the 14th century inside the exonarthex.
At some point in time, the cathedral housed the remains of Bulgarian patriarchs Joachim I, Macarius, and Joachim III.