At some point in time, the Tiber Oil Field is a deepwater offshore oil field.
At some point in time, the Tiber Oil Field is located in the Keathley Canyon block 102 of the United States sector of the Gulf of Mexico.
At some point in time, the Tiber Oil Field was discovered in September 2009.
At some point in time, the Tiber Oil Field is operated by BP.
At some point in time, the Tiber Oil Field is described as a "giant" find.
At some point in time, the Tiber Oil Field is estimated to contain 4 to 6 billion barrels of oil in place.
At some point in time, a "huge" field is usually considered to contain 250 million barrels of oil.
At some point in time, BP states it is too early to be sure of the size of the Tiber Oil Field.
At some point in time, the Tiber Oil Field required the drilling of a 10,685 m deep well.
At some point in time, the well was drilled under 1,260 m of water.
At some point in time, the well is one of the deepest wells ever drilled at the time of discovery.
At some point in time, Tiber comprises multiple Lower Tertiary petroleum reservoirs.
At some point in time, Tiber is located about 250 mi southeast of Houston.
At some point in time, Tiber is located about 300 mi southwest of New Orleans.
At some point in time, Tiber is only the 18th Lower Tertiary well to date.
At some point in time, drilling in Lower Tertiary formations is in its infancy.
At some point in time, the oil from Tiber is light crude.
At some point in time, early estimates of recoverable reserves from Tiber are around 20 to 30% recovery.
At some point in time, the estimated figures of recoverable reserves from Tiber are around 600 to 900 million barrels.
At some point in time, sources such as Bloomberg suggest caution regarding the Tiber Oil Field.
At some point in time, Bloomberg warns that the find is technically complex.
At some point in time, Bloomberg warns that it could take 5 to 6 years to produce oil from Tiber.
At some point in time, Bloomberg warns that the yield could be lower at 5 to 15%.
At some point in time, the lower yield is based on rates talked about at the nearby Kaskida Oil Field.
At some point in time, the Kaskida Oil Field is BP's previous giant find.
At some point in time, the Kaskida Oil Field is located 40 mi away from Tiber.
At some point in time, the commercial prospects of the Tiber Oil Field have not yet been evaluated.
At some point in time, BP acquired the Outer Continental Shelf lease of Keathley Canyon block 102 on October 22, 2003.
At some point in time, the lease reference is G25782.
At some point in time, the NOAA station number is 42872.
At some point in time, the lease acquisition occurred in Phase 2 of the Western Gulf of Mexico Sale 187.
At some point in time, Lower Tertiary rock formations date to between 23 and 66 million years ago.
At some point in time, the plan of exploration for Tiber was filed in June 2008.
At some point in time, Tiber was initially drilled by Transocean's fifth-generation dynamic positioned semi-submersible oil rig.
At some point in time, the name of the oil rig is Deepwater Horizon.
At some point in time, exploratory drilling for Tiber commenced around March 2009.
At some point in time, the exploratory drilling for Tiber was slightly delayed from the planned date of September 2008.
At some point in time, much of the deeper Gulf reserves are buried under salt accumulations.
At some point in time, the salt accumulations are thousands of feet thick.
At some point in time, the salt accumulations present a problem for seismic exploration.
At some point in time, BP had previously developed exploration techniques to bypass the difficulty presented by salt accumulations.
At some point in time, oil was located at multiple levels in the Tiber Oil Field.
At some point in time, the Tiber Oil Field was announced on September 2, 2009.
At some point in time, BP shares rose 3.7 percent on the news of the Tiber Oil Field announcement.
At some point in time, Tiber joins at least ten other successful Lower Tertiary explorations in the area.
At some point in time, analysts viewed the announcement of Tiber as a sign for pessimism.
At some point in time, analysts viewed the announcement of Tiber as a harbinger of renewed interest in the offshore Gulf of Mexico.
At some point in time, following the April 2010 destruction of the Deepwater Horizon, all appraisal activities at 33 wells under exploration in the Gulf of Mexico were placed on hold.
At some point in time, the Macondo well was being drilled when the Deepwater Horizon was destroyed.
At some point in time, the resulting oil spill caused all appraisal activities at the 33 wells to be placed on hold.
At some point in time, at least two rigs that might otherwise have been used for developing Tiber are in use on the relief wells for the ruptured well.