"Jack and Jill" is a traditional English nursery rhyme.
At some point in time, the rhyme dates back at least to the 16th century.
At some point in time, the Roud Folk Song Index classifies this tune and its variations as number 10266.
At some point in time, the rhyme dates back at least to the 18th century.
At some point in time, the rhyme exists with different numbers of verses.
At some point in time, the rhyme has a number of variations.
At some point in time, several theories have been advanced to explain the origins of the rhyme.
At some point in time, several theories have been advanced to suggest meanings for the lyrics of the rhyme.
At some point in time, the first and most commonly repeated verse is: "Jack and Jill went up the hill to fetch a pail of water."
At some point in time, Jack fell down and broke his crown.
At some point in time, Jill came tumbling after Jack fell down.
At some point in time, many verses have been added to the rhyme.
At some point in time, one version of the rhyme has a total of 15 stanzas.
At some point in time, the 15-stanza version was included in a chapbook of the 19th century.
At some point in time, the second verse has become a standard part of the nursery rhyme.
At some point in time, early versions of the rhyme took the form: "Up Jack got, and home did trot, as fast as he could caper."
At some point in time, early versions of the rhyme included the line: "To old Dame Dob, who patched his nob with vinegar and brown paper."
At some point in time, by the early 20th century, the rhyme had been modified in some collections.
At some point in time, L. E. Walter's collection is titled "Mother Goose's Nursery Rhymes."
At some point in time, "Mother Goose's Nursery Rhymes" was published in London in 1919.
At some point in time, the modified line in the early 20th century version is: "Up Jack got and home did trot, as fast as he could caper."
At some point in time, the modified line in the early 20th century version is: "And went to bed and bound his head with vinegar and brown paper."
At some point in time, a third verse was first recorded in a 19th-century chapbook.
At some point in time, the third verse took the form: "Then Jill came in, and she did grin, to see Jack's paper plaster."
At some point in time, the third verse includes the line: "Her mother whipt her, across her knee, for laughing at Jack's disaster."
At some point in time, twentieth-century versions of the third verse include the line: "When Jill came in how she did grin to see Jack's paper plaster."
At some point in time, twentieth-century versions of the third verse include the line: "Mother vexed did whip her next for causing Jack's disaster."
At some point in time, the rhyme is made up of quatrains.
At some point in time, the rhyme has a rhyming scheme of abcb.
At some point in time, the rhyme includes occasional internal rhymes.
At some point in time, the rhyme uses falling rhymes.
At some point in time, the rhyme uses a trochaic rhythm.
At some point in time, the trochaic rhythm is known as a ballad form.
At some point in time, the ballad form is common in nursery rhymes.
At some point in time, the melody commonly associated with the rhyme was first recorded by James William Elliott.
At some point in time, James William Elliott was a composer and nursery rhyme collector.
At some point in time, James William Elliott recorded the melody in his work titled "National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs."
At some point in time, "National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs" was published in 1870.
At some point in time, the Roud Folk Song Index classifies the song as number 10266.
At some point in time, the rhyme has traditionally been seen as a nonsense verse.
At some point in time, the couple in the rhyme go up a hill to find water.
At some point in time, water is often thought to be found at the bottom of hills.
At some point in time, vinegar and brown paper were a home cure used to draw out bruises on the body.
At some point in time, the phrase "Jack and Jill," indicating a boy and a girl, was in use in England as early as the 16th century.
At some point in time, a comedy titled "Jack and Jill" was performed at the Elizabethan court in 1567-8.
At some point in time, the phrase "Jack and Jill" was used twice by William Shakespeare.
At some point in time, William Shakespeare used the phrase in "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
At some point in time, William Shakespeare used the phrase in "Love's Labour's Lost."
At some point in time, the line "Jack shall have Jill; Nought shall go ill" appears in "A Midsummer Night's Dream."
At some point in time, the lines "Our wooing doth not end like an old play; Jack hath not Jill" appear in "Love's Labour's Lost."
At some point in time, the phrase "Jack and Jill" suggests a romantically attached couple.
At some point in time, the proverb "A good Jack makes a good Jill" indicates a romantically attached couple.
At some point in time, Jack is the most common name used in English language nursery rhymes.
At some point in time, by the 18th century, Jack represented an archetypal Everyman hero.
At some point in time, by the end of the Middle Ages, Jill or Gill came to mean a young girl or a sweetheart.
At some point in time, the woodcut that accompanied the first recorded version of the rhyme showed two boys.
At some point in time, the woodcut used the spelling "Gill" not "Jill."
At some point in time, the earliest printed version of the rhyme comes from a reprint of John Newbery's "Mother Goose's Melody."
At some point in time, "Mother Goose's Melody" was thought to have been first published in London around 1765.
At some point in time, the rhyming of "water" with "after" was taken by Iona and Peter Opie to suggest that the first verse may date from the first half of the 17th century.
At some point in time, the true origins of the rhyme are unknown.
At some point in time, there are several theories about the origins of the rhyme.
At some point in time, complicated metaphors are often said to exist within the lyrics of "Jack and Jill."
At some point in time, most explanations post-date the first publication of the rhyme.
At some point in time, most explanations have no corroborating evidence.
At some point in time, S. Baring-Gould suggested in the 19th century that the events in the rhyme were a version of a story told in the 13th-century Prose Edda Gylfaginning.
At some point in time, the Prose Edda Gylfaginning was written by Icelandic historian Snorri Sturluson.
At some point in time, in Norse mythology, Hjúki and Bil were brother and sister.
At some point in time, Hjúki and Bil were taken up from the earth by the moon.
At some point in time, the moon is personified as the god Máni.
At some point in time, Hjúki and Bil were fetching water from the well called Byrgir.
At some point in time, Hjúki and Bil were bearing on their shoulders the cask called Saegr.
At some point in time, Hjúki and Bil were bearing on their shoulders the pole called Simul.
At some point in time, John Bellenden Ker suggested around 1835 that Jack and Jill were two priests.
At some point in time, Katherine Elwes enlarged John Bellenden Ker's suggestion in 1930.
At some point in time, Katherine Elwes suggested that Jack represented Cardinal Wolsey.
At some point in time, Cardinal Wolsey lived from approximately 1471 to 1530.
At some point in time, Katherine Elwes suggested that Jill represented Bishop Tarbes.
At some point in time, Bishop Tarbes negotiated the marriage of Mary Tudor to the French king in 1514.
At some point in time, it has been suggested that the rhyme records King Charles I's attempt to reform the taxes on liquid measures.
At some point in time, King Charles I was blocked by Parliament.
At some point in time, King Charles I subsequently ordered that the volume of a Jack (1/2 pint) be reduced.
At some point in time, the tax on liquid measures remained the same despite King Charles I's order.
At some point in time, King Charles I still received more tax despite Parliament's veto.
At some point in time, the line "Jack fell down and broke his crown" refers to many pint glasses in the UK.
At some point in time, many pint glasses in the UK have a line marking the 1/2 pint level with a crown above it.
At some point in time, the reference to "Jill" actually refers to a "gill" or 1/4 pint.
At some point in time, the gill dropped in volume as a consequence of King Charles I's order.
At some point in time, the suggestion has been made that Jack and Jill represent Louis XVI of France.
At some point in time, Louis XVI of France was deposed and beheaded in 1793.
At some point in time, Louis XVI of France lost his crown.
At some point in time, the suggestion has been made that Jill represents Marie Antoinette.
At some point in time, Marie Antoinette came tumbling after Louis XVI of France.
At some point in time, the theory that Jack and Jill represent Louis XVI of France and Marie Antoinette is made difficult by the fact that the earliest printing of the rhyme pre-dates those events.
At some point in time, there is a local belief that the rhyme records events in the village of Kilmersdon in Somerset in 1697.
At some point in time, a local spinster in Kilmersdon became pregnant in 1697.
At some point in time, the putative father of the local spinster's child is said to have died from a rock fall.
At some point in time, the local spinster died in childbirth soon after the putative father's death.