At some point in time, the Fastra II is a desktop supercomputer designed for tomography.
At some point in time, the Fastra II was built in late 2009.
At some point in time, the Fastra II was built by the ASTRA group of researchers of the IBBT VisionLab at the University of Antwerp.
At some point in time, the Fastra II was built by Belgian computer shop Tones.
At some point in time, the Fastra II was built in collaboration with Asus.
At some point in time, Asus is a Taiwanese multinational computer product manufacturer.
At some point in time, the Fastra II is the successor to the Fastra I.
At some point in time, the Fastra I was built in 2008.
At some point in time, the Fastra II is over three times faster than the Fastra I.
At some point in time, the Fastra I is slightly faster than a 512-core cluster.
At some point in time, the Fastra II initially suffered from several issues.
At some point in time, the issues included the system refusing to reboot.
At some point in time, the issues included overheating due to a lack of space between the video cards.
At some point in time, the Fastra II was built as a researching and demonstration project.
At some point in time, Joost Batenburg is one of the researchers in the ASTRA group.
At some point in time, the Fastra II only uses consumer hardware.
At some point in time, the total cost of the Fastra II is €6,000.
At some point in time, the Fastra I has 4 dual-GPU GeForce 9800 GX2 video cards.
At some point in time, the total number of GPUs in the Fastra I is 8.
At some point in time, the ASTRA group needed a motherboard with four PCI Express x16 slots with double-spacing between each slot.
At some point in time, the only motherboard the ASTRA group could find at that time was the MSI K9A2 Platinum.
At some point in time, the MSI K9A2 Platinum has four PCI Express x16 slots.
At some point in time, the Asus P6T7 WS Supercomputer motherboard was released in 2009.
At some point in time, the Asus P6T7 WS Supercomputer motherboard has seven PCI Express x16 slots.
At some point in time, the Fastra II has six dual-GPU GeForce GTX 295 video cards.
At some point in time, the Fastra II has a single-GPU GeForce GTX 275.
At some point in time, the total number of GPUs in the Fastra II is 13.
At some point in time, the GPUs in the Fastra II mainly perform tomographic reconstruction.
At some point in time, the technique that allows GPUs to perform general-purpose tasks outside of gaming is called GPGPU.
At some point in time, overheating caused by the lack of space between the video cards forces researchers to keep the side panel door open.
At some point in time, keeping the side panel door open allows the video cards to get regular air.
At some point in time, keeping the side panel door open decreases the overall temperature inside the case.
At some point in time, the initial boot of the Fastra II was unsuccessful due to the number of GPUs in the system.
At some point in time, the motherboard of the Fastra II uses a 32-bit BIOS.
At some point in time, the 32-bit BIOS has approximately 3 GB of address space for the video cards.
At some point in time, Asus provided a specialized BIOS that skipped the address space allocation of the GTX 295 video cards.
At some point in time, the BIOS-replacement coreboot was not tested.
At some point in time, all seven PCI Express x16 slots in the Asus P6T7 motherboard were used in building the Fastra II.
At some point in time, the video cards in the Fastra II require two PCI Express x16 slots each.
At some point in time, the researchers developed flexible PCI Express cables.
At some point in time, Tones developed a custom cage that allowed the video cards to suspend over the motherboard.
At some point in time, the Fastra II uses a Lian Li PC-P80 Armorsuit case.
At some point in time, the Lian Li PC-P80 Armorsuit case has 10 expansion slots.
At some point in time, the motherboard in the Fastra II was the only workstation motherboard with seven full-sized PCI Express x16 slots at that time.
At some point in time, the memory modules in the Fastra II were initially six 2 GB modules.
At some point in time, the memory modules in the Fastra II were later upgraded to 4 GB each.
At some point in time, the total memory in the Fastra II is 24 GB.
At some point in time, the single-GPU GTX 275 is in the Fastra II because it is the only video card that the Fastra II's BIOS can fully initialize.
At some point in time, the total amount of GPUs in the Fastra II is 13.
At some point in time, the video cards in the Fastra II together bring 12 teraflops of computing power.
At some point in time, four of the six GTX 295 video cards have 2 PCBs.
At some point in time, the other two GTX 295 video cards have only 1 PCB.
At some point in time, the Fastra II is faster and more power efficient than its competitors.
At some point in time, the competitors of the Fastra II include the Fastra I and the Tesla C1060 video card.
At some point in time, the benchmarks were performed on the Fastra II.
At some point in time, the benchmarks were performed on the Fastra I.
At some point in time, the benchmarks were performed on a 512-core cluster consisting of Opteron CPUs.
At some point in time, the benchmarks were performed on an Nvidia Tesla C1060 workstation card on an Intel Core i7 940 CPU.
At some point in time, the benchmarks were performed on an Intel Core i7 940 CPU itself.
At some point in time, the Fastra II is over three times faster than the Fastra I in CT slice reconstruction speed.
At some point in time, the Fastra II consumes more power than the Fastra I.
At some point in time, the Fastra II is nearly 3 times as energy efficient as the Fastra I.
At some point in time, the Fastra II is over 300 times as energy efficient as the 512-core cluster.
At some point in time, the video cards in the Fastra II run at 37 degrees Celsius when idle.
At some point in time, the video cards in the Fastra II run at 60 degrees Celsius at full load.
At some point in time, the operating system of the Fastra II is CentOS.
At some point in time, CentOS is a community-driven Linux distribution and Red Hat Enterprise Linux clone.
At some point in time, the Fastra II received a negative public impression.
At some point in time, Techie.com called the Fastra II the "world's most powerful desktop-sized supercomputer."
At some point in time, Techie.com described the Fastra II as a computer with "so much power in such a small space."
At some point in time, iTech News Net called the Fastra II "the Most Powerful Desktop Supercomputer."
At some point in time, the Fastra II relies on Nvidia's Scalable Link Interface (SLI).
At some point in time, the Fastra II is limited by the number of GPUs supported by Nvidia's SLI.
At some point in time, the Fastra II is limited by the vendor's free and open-source device drivers.
At some point in time, the motherboard of the Fastra II is designed for workstations.
At some point in time, the Fastra II is mainly used in hospitals for medical imaging.
At some point in time, it remains to be seen whether another Fastra featuring NVLink will be built.
At some point in time, the NVLink is first available with Pascal-based GPUs.