At some point in time, the plain maskray is a species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is found in shallow, soft-bottomed habitats off northern Australia.
At some point in time, the plain maskray reaches 24 cm (9.4 in) in width.
At some point in time, the plain maskray has a diamond-shaped, grayish green pectoral fin disc.
At some point in time, the plain maskray has a short, whip-like tail with alternating black and white bands.
At some point in time, the plain maskray has fin folds above and below its tail.
At some point in time, the plain maskray has short rows of thorns on its back and the base of its tail.
At some point in time, the skin of the plain maskray is otherwise smooth.
At some point in time, the plain maskray possesses a dark mask-like pattern across its eyes.
The plain maskray is not ornately patterned like other maskrays.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is benthic in nature.
At some point in time, the plain maskray feeds mainly on caridean shrimp and polychaete worms.
At some point in time, the plain maskray feeds to a lesser extent on small bony fishes.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is viviparous.
At some point in time, female plain maskrays produce litters of one or two young.
At some point in time, the young of the plain maskray are nourished during gestation via histotroph ("uterine milk").
The plain maskray lacks economic value.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is caught incidentally in bottom trawls.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is thought to be less able to withstand bottom trawls than other maskrays due to its gracile build.
At some point in time, the plain maskray has a limited distribution.
At some point in time, the plain maskray has low fecundity.
At some point in time, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed the plain maskray as Near Threatened.
At some point in time, the first scientific description of the plain maskray was authored by Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation (CSIRO) researcher Peter Last.
At some point in time, the first scientific description of the plain maskray was published in a 1987 issue of Memoirs of the National Museum of Victoria.
At some point in time, the specific name annotatus comes from the Latin "an" ("not") and "notatus" ("marked").
At some point in time, the specific name annotatus refers to the plain maskray's coloration.
At some point in time, the holotype of the plain maskray is a male 21.2 cm (8.3 in) across.
At some point in time, the holotype of the plain maskray was caught off Western Australia.
At some point in time, several paratypes of the plain maskray were also designated.
At some point in time, Peter Last tentatively placed the plain maskray in the genus Dasyatis.
At some point in time, Peter Last noted that the plain maskray belonged to the "maskray" species group.
At some point in time, the "maskray" species group includes the bluespotted stingray (then Dasyatis kuhlii).
At some point in time, in 2008, Peter Last and William White elevated the kuhlii group to the rank of full genus as Neotrygon.
At some point in time, the elevation of the kuhlii group to the rank of full genus was based on morphological and molecular phylogenetic evidence.
At some point in time, in a 2012 phylogenetic analysis, the plain maskray and the Ningaloo maskray (N. ningalooensis) were found to be the most basal members of Neotrygon.
At some point in time, the divergence of the N. annotata lineage was estimated to have occurred approximately 54 million years ago.
At some point in time, the individuals sequenced in the 2012 study sorted into two genetically distinct clades.
At some point in time, the sorting of individuals in the 2012 study suggests that N. annotata is a cryptic species complex.
At some point in time, the two putative species of N. annotata were estimated to have diverged approximately 4.9 million years ago.
At some point in time, the precipitating event for the divergence of the two putative species was likely the splitting of the ancestral population by coastline changes.
At some point in time, the pectoral fin disc of the plain maskray is thin and diamond-shaped.
At some point in time, the pectoral fin disc of the plain maskray has narrowly rounded outer corners.
At some point in time, the pectoral fin disc of the plain maskray measures 1.1 – 1.3 times longer than wide.
At some point in time, the leading margins of the pectoral fin disc are gently concave.
At some point in time, the leading margins of the pectoral fin disc converge at a broad angle to the pointed tip of the snout.
At some point in time, the small eyes of the plain maskray are placed close together.
At some point in time, the spiracles are located behind the small eyes of the plain maskray.
At some point in time, the nostrils of the plain maskray are elongated.
At some point in time, the nostrils of the plain maskray have a skirt-shaped flap of skin between them.
At some point in time, the small mouth of the plain maskray bears prominent furrows at the corners.
At some point in time, the small mouth of the plain maskray contains two slender papillae on the floor.
At some point in time, small papillae are found around the outside of the mouth of the plain maskray.
At some point in time, the plain maskray has five pairs of gill slits.
At some point in time, the pelvic fins of the plain maskray are fairly large and pointed.
At some point in time, the tail of the plain maskray is short and barely exceeds the length of the disc when intact.
At some point in time, the tail of the plain maskray has a broad and flattened base.
At some point in time, the tail of the plain maskray usually has two stinging spines.
At some point in time, after the stings, the tail of the plain maskray becomes slender.
At some point in time, the tail of the plain maskray bears a long ventral fin fold.
At some point in time, the tail of the plain maskray has a much shorter, lower dorsal fin fold.
At some point in time, most of the body of the plain maskray lacks dermal denticles.
At some point in time, a midline row of 4 – 13 small, closely spaced thorns is present behind the spiracles of the plain maskray.
At some point in time, another row of 0 – 4 thorns is present before the stings of the plain maskray.
At some point in time, the dorsal coloration of the plain maskray is grayish green.
At some point in time, the dorsal coloration of the plain maskray becomes pinkish towards the disc margins.
At some point in time, there is a dark mask-like shape around the eyes of the plain maskray.
At some point in time, there are a pair of small dark blotches behind the spiracles of the plain maskray.
At some point in time, the tail behind the stings of the plain maskray has alternating black and white bands of variable width.
At some point in time, the tail of the plain maskray ends with black at the tip.
At some point in time, the underside of the plain maskray is plain white.
At some point in time, the ventral fin fold of the plain maskray is light grayish in color.
At some point in time, the plain maskray grows to 24 cm (9.4 in) across.
At some point in time, the plain maskray grows to 45 cm (18 in) long.
At some point in time, the plain maskray inhabits the continental shelf of northern Australia.
At some point in time, the range of the plain maskray extends from the Wellesley Islands in Queensland to the Bonaparte Archipelago in Western Australia.
At some point in time, the range of the plain maskray includes the Gulf of Carpentaria.
At some point in time, the range of the plain maskray includes the Timor Sea.
At some point in time, the range of the plain maskray includes the Arafura Sea.
At some point in time, there are unsubstantiated reports that the range of the plain maskray extends to southern Papua New Guinea.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is the least common of the several maskray species native to the region.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is a bottom-dweller.
At some point in time, the plain maskray prefers habitats with fine sediment.
At some point in time, the plain maskray has been recorded from depths between 12 and 62 m (39 and 203 ft).
At some point in time, the plain maskray tends to be found farther away from shore than other maskrays in its range.
At some point in time, the plain maskray inhabits the continental shelf of southern Australia.
At some point in time, the plain maskray generally hunts at the surface of the bottom substrate.
The plain maskray does not dig for prey.
At some point in time, the diet of the plain maskray consists predominantly of caridean shrimp and polychaete worms.
At some point in time, the diet of the plain maskray includes small bony fishes.
At some point in time, the diet of the plain maskray includes the occasional penaeid prawn or amphipod.
At some point in time, larger rays consume a greater variety of prey than smaller rays.
At some point in time, larger rays consume relatively more polychaete worms than smaller rays.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is parasitized by the tapeworm Acanthobothrium jonesi.
At some point in time, the developing embryos of the plain maskray are sustained to term by histotroph ("uterine milk") produced by the mother.
At some point in time, mature female plain maskrays have a single functional ovary and uterus.
At some point in time, the single functional ovary and uterus of mature female plain maskrays is on the left.
At some point in time, the litter size of the plain maskray is one or two.
At some point in time, the newborn plain maskrays measure 12 – 14 cm (4.7 – 5.5 in) across.
At some point in time, male plain maskrays reach sexual maturity at disc widths of 20 – 21 cm (7.9 – 8.3 in).
At some point in time, female plain maskrays reach sexual maturity at disc widths of 18 – 19 cm (7.1 – 7.5 in).
At some point in time, the maximum lifespan of male plain maskrays is estimated to be 9 years.
At some point in time, the maximum lifespan of female plain maskrays is estimated to be 13 years.
At some point in time, the main conservation threat to the plain maskray is incidental capture by commercial bottom trawl fisheries.
At some point in time, the incidental capture of the plain maskray is mostly caused by Australia’s Northern Prawn Fishery.
At some point in time, Australia’s Northern Prawn Fishery operates throughout the range of the plain maskray.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is discarded when caught.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is more delicate-bodied than other maskrays.
At some point in time, the plain maskray is unlikely to survive encounters with trawling gear.
At some point in time, historically, the plain maskray may have been negatively affected by Japanese trawlers.
At some point in time, historically, the plain maskray may have been negatively affected by Chinese trawlers.
At some point in time, historically, the plain maskray may have been negatively affected by Taiwanese trawlers.
At some point in time, Japanese, Chinese, and Taiwanese trawlers fished intensively off northern Australia from 1959 to 1990.
At some point in time, the factors affecting the plain maskray, coupled with its limited distribution and low reproductive rate, have resulted in its being assessed as Near Threatened by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).