At some point in time, the Grammy Award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to recording artists at the 30th Grammy Awards in 1988.
At some point in time, the Grammy Award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to recording artists at the 31st Grammy Awards in 1989.
At some point in time, the Grammy Award for Best Concept Music Video was awarded for quality concept music videos.
At some point in time, the Grammy Awards is an annual ceremony.
At some point in time, the Grammy Awards was established in 1958.
At some point in time, the Grammy Awards was originally called the Gramophone Awards.
At some point in time, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards to honor artistic achievement.
At some point in time, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards to honor technical proficiency.
At some point in time, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards to honor overall excellence in the recording industry.
At some point in time, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards without regard to album sales.
At some point in time, the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences presents awards without regard to chart position.
At some point in time, beginning in 1982, the Academy began to honor quality music videos with the Video of the Year category.
At some point in time, the Video of the Year category was discontinued in 1984.
At some point in time, the MTV Video Music Awards was established in 1984.
At some point in time, the MTV Video Music Awards presents an award for Video of the Year.
At some point in time, the Academy replaced the Video of the Year category with awards for Best Video, Short Form and Best Video Album.
At some point in time, the Best Concept Music Video award was presented alongside the Best Performance Music Video award in 1988 and 1989.
At some point in time, the Academy returned to the previous format in 1990.
At some point in time, the categories were renamed Best Short Form Music Video and Best Long Form Music Video in 1990.
At some point in time, the categories were retitled Best Short Form Music Video and Best Long Form Music Video in 1998.
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included David Bowie for "Day - In Day - Out."
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included Kate Bush for The Whole Story.
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included the English rock band Genesis for "Land of Confusion."
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included David Lee Roth for David Lee Roth.
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 30th Grammy Awards included Janet Jackson for Control – The Videos Part II.
At some point in time, the music video for David Bowie's "Day - In Day - Out" was directed by Julien Temple.
At some point in time, the music video for David Bowie's "Day - In Day - Out" included offending scenes.
At some point in time, the offending scenes in David Bowie's "Day - In Day - Out" included a man urinating on Ronald Reagan's Hollywood Walk of Fame star.
At some point in time, the offending scenes in David Bowie's "Day - In Day - Out" were edited out for television broadcast.
At some point in time, Kate Bush's video sampler accompanies her greatest hits album of the same name.
At some point in time, Kate Bush's video sampler includes music videos for songs throughout her career to that point.
At some point in time, the music video for "Land of Confusion" contained Spitting Image puppets of Ronald Reagan.
At some point in time, the music video for "Land of Confusion" contained Spitting Image puppets of Margaret Thatcher.
At some point in time, the music video for "Land of Confusion" contained Spitting Image puppets of other notable individuals.
At some point in time, David Lee Roth's self-titled video consisted of promotional clips created for his debut solo EP Crazy from the Heat.
At some point in time, David Lee Roth's self-titled video consisted of promotional clips created for his album Eat 'Em and Smile.
At some point in time, Janet Jackson's video collection was certified gold in the United States.
At some point in time, Janet Jackson's video collection contained six promotional videos recorded for singles from her album Control.
At some point in time, awards were presented to members of Genesis as the performing artists.
At some point in time, the members of Genesis who received awards included Tony Banks.
At some point in time, the members of Genesis who received awards included Phil Collins.
At some point in time, the members of Genesis who received awards included Mike Rutherford.
At some point in time, awards were presented to Jim Yukich and John Lloyd as the video directors.
At some point in time, awards were presented to Jon Blair as the video producer.
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included the Hampton String Quartet for "Get a Job."
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included George Harrison for "When We Was Fab."
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included the American rock band Talking Heads for Storytelling Giant.
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included "Weird Al" Yankovic for "Fat."
At some point in time, the nominees for Best Concept Music Video at the 31st Grammy Awards included Neil Young for "This Note's for You."
At some point in time, "Get a Job" was originally recorded by the American group The Silhouettes.
At some point in time, "Get a Job" appears on the Hampton String Quartet's album What If Mozart Wrote "Roll Over Beethoven."
At some point in time, the Hampton String Quartet's album What If Mozart Wrote "Roll Over Beethoven" is a collection of 1950s R&B and pop music songs.
At some point in time, the Hampton String Quartet's album What If Mozart Wrote "Roll Over Beethoven" features songs performed in the styles of Beethoven, Debussy, Mozart, and other composers.
At some point in time, "When We Was Fab" is a song from the album Cloud Nine.
At some point in time, "When We Was Fab" is constructed from quotations written when The Beatles were at the height of their fame.
At some point in time, the music video for "When We Was Fab" features George Harrison playing a sitar.
At some point in time, the music video for "When We Was Fab" shows Elton John dressed as a walrus.
At some point in time, the music video for "When We Was Fab" references the 1967 song "I Am the Walrus."
At some point in time, Storytelling Giants is a collection of Talking Heads' music videos.
At some point in time, Storytelling Giants includes additional material linking Talking Heads' music videos together.
At some point in time, two of the nominated music videos had connections to Michael Jackson.
At some point in time, the "Fat" video is a parody of Michael Jackson's song "Bad."
At some point in time, the video for "This Note's for You" depicts a Michael Jackson look-alike's hair catching fire.
At some point in time, the video for "This Note's for You" parodies an incident that occurred during a shoot for a Pepsi television advertisement in 1984.
At some point in time, in the "Fat" video, "Weird Al" Yankovic becomes a grossly overweight guy through the use of cosmetics and special effects.
At some point in time, in the "Fat" video, "Weird Al" Yankovic leads a group of overweight people on a parade.
At some point in time, the award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to "Weird Al" Yankovic as the performing artist.
At some point in time, the award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to Jay Levey as the video director.
At some point in time, the award for Best Concept Music Video was presented to Susan Zwerman as the video producer.