At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" is the fourth episode of the second season of 30 Rock.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" is the twenty-fifth episode overall of 30 Rock.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" was written by Jack Burditt.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" was directed by Michael Engler.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" first aired on October 25, 2007.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" first aired on the NBC network in the United States.
At some point in time, guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Elijah Cook.
At some point in time, guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Carrie Fisher.
At some point in time, guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Marcella Roy.
At some point in time, guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Paul Scheer.
At some point in time, guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Megan Blake Stevenson.
At some point in time, guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Jean Villepique.
At some point in time, guest stars in "Rosemary's Baby" include Stuart Zagnit.
At some point in time, the episode focuses on Liz Lemon's escapade with her idol, Rosemary Howard.
At some point in time, the episode focuses on Tracy Jordan's family problems.
At some point in time, the episode focuses on Jenna Maroney's attempt to replace Kenneth Parcell's burnt page jacket.
At some point in time, the episode was praised by critics.
At some point in time, Alec Baldwin won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Comedy Series for his role in this episode.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy announces that Liz Lemon is the winner of the "G.E. Followship Award."
At some point in time, the "G.E. Followship Award" is a prize awarded to the G.E. employee who best exemplifies a follower.
At some point in time, the "G.E. Followship Award" includes $10,000.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon takes Pete Hornberger to a book signing to meet Rosemary Howard.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon invites Rosemary Howard to be a guest writer on "The Girlie Show."
At some point in time, Rosemary Howard pitches several controversial ideas to Jack Donaghy.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy orders Liz Lemon to fire Rosemary Howard.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon refuses to fire Rosemary Howard.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy fires Liz Lemon and Rosemary Howard.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon goes to Rosemary Howard's house.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon realizes that Rosemary Howard is crazy.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon flees from Rosemary Howard's house.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon goes back to Jack Donaghy's office.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon begs Jack Donaghy for her job back.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy rehired Liz Lemon.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy promises to help Liz Lemon invest her prize money.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon swears that she will send Rosemary Howard $400 a month for the rest of her life.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan causes a stir at a public event.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy assures Tracy Jordan that as a movie star, he can do anything he wants.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy tells Tracy Jordan that he cannot engage in dog fighting.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy finds Tracy Jordan disobeying his order.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan shouts that Jack Donaghy is not his dad.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy and Tracy Jordan meet with an NBC shrink.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy role-plays as Tracy Jordan's father.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan role-plays as himself.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan's mom is also role-played by Jack Donaghy.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy conveys the message that Tracy Jordan's parents still loved him despite their divorce.
At some point in time, this message comforts Tracy Jordan.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan affirms that he loves his family.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan believes that his family is crazy.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan believes that he needs to stay away from his family.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan hugs Jack Donaghy.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan tells Jack Donaghy that he is the only family he needs.
At some point in time, Jenna Maroney accidentally burns Kenneth Parcell's page jacket on a hot plate.
At some point in time, Kenneth Parcell worries that head page Donny Lawson will punish him.
At some point in time, Jenna Maroney finds Donny Lawson backstage at the studio.
At some point in time, Donny Lawson is ecstatic that he finally has a reason to send Kenneth Parcell to CNBC in New Jersey.
At some point in time, Donny Lawson offers Kenneth Parcell a choice: go to New Jersey or compete in a "page off."
At some point in time, a "page off" is a contest of physical stamina and NBC trivia.
At some point in time, Jenna Maroney agrees to the page off.
At some point in time, Pete Hornberger comes in before the event starts.
At some point in time, Pete Hornberger yells at the pages to get back to work.
At some point in time, Pete Hornberger forces Donny Lawson to give Kenneth Parcell a new jacket.
At some point in time, Donny Lawson swears to Jenna Maroney and Kenneth Parcell that he will get back at them.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" was mainly filmed on September 11, 2007.
At some point in time, Carrie Fisher's scenes were filmed the next day on September 12, 2007.
At some point in time, Star Wars is frequently referenced in 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan is seen shouting that he is a Jedi in the pilot episode of 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon admits to being a huge fan of Star Wars.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon says that she had watched Star Wars many times with Pete Hornberger.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon dressed up as the Star Wars character Princess Leia during four recent Halloweens.
At some point in time, Tracy Jordan takes on the identity of the character Chewbacca in 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Tina Fey is a fan of Star Wars.
At some point in time, Tina Fey said that the weekly Star Wars joke or reference started happening organically.
At some point in time, the crew realized that they had a Star Wars reference in almost every show.
At some point in time, Tina Fey said that it became a thing where they tried to keep the Star Wars references going.
At some point in time, Tina Fey said that they could not include a Star Wars reference in every episode.
At some point in time, Tina Fey said that they still had a pretty high batting average for Star Wars references.
At some point in time, Tina Fey attributed most of the Star Wars references to Robert Carlock.
At some point in time, Tina Fey described Robert Carlock as the resident expert.
At some point in time, prior to the airing of the episode, fans were raving about Carrie Fisher's guest appearance.
At some point in time, Carrie Fisher's last line in the episode was "Help me, Liz Lemon! You're my only hope!"
At some point in time, Carrie Fisher's last line in the episode was a spoof of the line "Help me Obi-Wan Kenobi, you're my only hope!"
At some point in time, Carrie Fisher played Princess Leia in the original Star Wars trilogy.
At some point in time, according to the Nielsen ratings system, "Rosemary's Baby" was viewed by an average of 6.5 million American viewers.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" first aired on November 25, 2007.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" achieved a 3.1/8 in the key 18-49 demographic.
At some point in time, the 3.1 rating refers to 3.1% of all 18- to 49-year-olds in the U.S.
At some point in time, the 8 share refers to 8% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast.
At some point in time, in the U.S., "Rosemary's Baby" was up by 19% in the rating demographic compared to the previous episode, "The Collection."
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" received its highest result since the second season premiere episode, "SeinfeldVision," on October 4, 2007.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" was named as one of the "Top 11 TV Episodes of 2007" by UGO.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" ranked thirteenth on The Futon Critic's list of "the 50 Best Episodes of 2007."
At some point in time, both UGO and The Futon Critic cited the Baldwin and Morgan therapy scene as the reason for their rankings.
At some point in time, Matt Webb Mitovich of TV Guide declared "Rosemary's Baby" as one of 30 Rock's best episodes ever.
At some point in time, Matt Webb Mitovich praised Carrie Fisher's guest appearance.
At some point in time, Matt Webb Mitovich felt that Baldwin's role-playing during Morgan's therapy session stole the show.
At some point in time, Bob Sassone of TV Squad felt that the plot of "Rosemary's Baby" was insane.
At some point in time, Bob Sassone of TV Squad felt that "Rosemary's Baby" still managed to have a heart at its core.
At some point in time, Bob Sassone called the therapy scene one of the funniest scenes on TV this season.
At some point in time, Robert Canning of IGN felt that "Rosemary's Baby" has great storylines and great guest stars.
At some point in time, Robert Canning of IGN felt that "Rosemary's Baby" is one of the best episodes the series has produced so far.
At some point in time, Robert Canning called the therapy scene the best moment of the episode.
At some point in time, Entertainment Weekly put "Rosemary's Baby" on its end-of-the-decade "best-of" list.
At some point in time, Entertainment Weekly said that "Rosemary's Baby" was so wrong and so good.
At some point in time, Michael Engler, the director of "Rosemary's Baby," was nominated for the Directors Guild of America Award for Outstanding Directing – Comedy Series.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" earned Carrie Fisher a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series.
At some point in time, "Rosemary's Baby" earned Jack Burditt a nomination for Outstanding Writing for a Comedy Series.