At some point in time, West Hendford Cricket Ground was a first-class cricket ground located in Yeovil, Somerset.
At some point in time, the land for West Hendford Cricket Ground was first leased by Yeovil Cricket Club in 1874.
At some point in time, West Hendford Cricket Ground was used for a range of other sports.
At some point in time, Yeovil Rugby Club hosted matches at West Hendford Cricket Ground in the 1890s.
At some point in time, Yeovil Rugby Club hosted matches at West Hendford Cricket Ground again from 1935 until the ground was closed.
At some point in time, significant improvements were made to West Hendford Cricket Ground during the 1930s.
At some point in time, a new pavilion was opened at West Hendford Cricket Ground during the 1930s.
At some point in time, the new pavilion at West Hendford Cricket Ground was jointly funded by Yeovil Rugby Club and Yeovil Cricket Club.
At some point in time, West Hendford Cricket Ground was demolished in 1944.
At some point in time, Westland Aircraft extended their factory in 1944.
At some point in time, Yeovil Cricket Club moved to Johnson Park after West Hendford Cricket Ground was closed.
At some point in time, Yeovil Rugby Club moved to Johnson Park after West Hendford Cricket Ground was closed.
At some point in time, between 1935 and 1939, West Hendford Cricket Ground hosted five annual Somerset County Cricket Club matches in July or August.
At some point in time, the first Somerset County Cricket Club match at West Hendford Cricket Ground nearly broke a county record for ticket sales on the gate.
Somerset County Cricket Club only won one of the five matches hosted at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, Somerset County Cricket Club won the 1936 contest against Worcestershire at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, Yeovil and County Cricket Club was formed in 1865.
At some point in time, Yeovil and County Cricket Club was the first attempt at setting up a county cricket team for Somerset.
At some point in time, the attempt to form Yeovil and County Cricket Club was unsuccessful.
At some point in time, Yeovil and County Cricket Club broke up after the unsuccessful attempt.
At some point in time, Yeovil Cricket Club was re-formed in 1874.
At some point in time, Yeovil Cricket Club had a lesser remit than Yeovil and County Cricket Club.
At some point in time, the committee of Yeovil Cricket Club purchased the use of a field in West Hendford in Yeovil from a local farmer named Mr. Brook.
At some point in time, the field used by Yeovil Cricket Club was part of Key Farm.
At some point in time, the field was leased for £10.
At some point in time, there is a record of a match being played on the ground the following year.
At some point in time, the match played the following year was between two sets of members of Yeovil Cricket Club.
At some point in time, during the late 19th century, West Hendford Cricket Ground was used for other sports as well as cricket.
At some point in time, West Hendford Cricket Ground had a grass athletics track.
At some point in time, West Hendford Cricket Ground hosted Yeovil Football Club.
At some point in time, Yeovil Football Club played both association and rugby football at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, Yeovil Football Club played at West Hendford Cricket Ground on an irregular basis during the late 19th century.
At some point in time, Yeovil Football Club returned to West Hendford Cricket Ground in 1935.
At some point in time, Yeovil Football Club only played rugby after returning to West Hendford Cricket Ground in 1935.
At some point in time, Yeovil Football Club changed their name to Yeovil Rugby Club after returning to West Hendford Cricket Ground in 1935.
At some point in time, in 1895, the cricket club committee announced there was provision for a longer lease of five or seven years.
At some point in time, the cricket club committee announced they would make improvements to West Hendford Cricket Ground to enable it to host first-class cricket.
At some point in time, West Hendford Cricket Ground was used for field hockey in the early 20th century.
At some point in time, West Hendford Cricket Ground hosted Yeovil Hockey Club.
At some point in time, Somerset County Cricket Club played their first of five annual first-class matches at West Hendford Cricket Ground in 1935.
At some point in time, the match against Surrey in 1935 was a significant event in Yeovil.
At some point in time, a series of festivities were arranged to run alongside the three-day contest against Surrey in 1935.
At some point in time, the festivities alongside the match against Surrey in 1935 included a dance.
At some point in time, the festivities alongside the match against Surrey in 1935 included a smoking concert.
At some point in time, entry for the match against Surrey in 1935 was one shilling.
At some point in time, the match against Surrey in 1935 attracted over 5,000 people.
At some point in time, the match against Surrey in 1935 raised around £400.
At some point in time, Surrey won the match against Somerset in 1935 by eight wickets.
At some point in time, the takings from the match against Surrey in 1935 helped Yeovil Cricket Club make further improvements to West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, Yeovil Cricket Club expanded West Hendford Cricket Ground and added further seating after the match against Surrey in 1935.
At some point in time, the following year, Somerset played Worcestershire at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, the match against Worcestershire in 1936 was described as "Yeovil Cricket Festival."
At some point in time, Richard Southcombe was the captain of Yeovil Cricket Club.
At some point in time, Richard Southcombe was included in the Somerset team for the match against Worcestershire in 1936.
At some point in time, Somerset won the match against Worcestershire in 1936 by 170 runs.
At some point in time, the takings for the match against Worcestershire in 1936 were slightly lower than the previous year due to poor weather.
At some point in time, the takings for the match against Worcestershire in 1936 were described as "disappointing."
At some point in time, in 1937, Sussex beat Somerset at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, the match in 1937 drew a crowd of around 5,000.
At some point in time, the Yorkshire Evening Post described the wicket at West Hendford Cricket Ground in 1937 as "crumbling."
At some point in time, the crumbling wicket in 1937 favored the bowlers.
At some point in time, in 1938, Hampshire visited West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, the report in the Western Daily Press lamented the state of the wicket during the match in 1938.
At some point in time, the game in 1938 was completed in two days rather than the scheduled three.
At some point in time, a new pavilion costing £550 was erected at West Hendford Cricket Ground during the winter after the 1938 match.
At some point in time, the new pavilion at West Hendford Cricket Ground was for the shared use of Yeovil Cricket Club and Yeovil Rugby Club.
At some point in time, the final first-class match at West Hendford Cricket Ground was played in July 1939 against Lancashire.
At some point in time, torrential rain limited the final first-class match at West Hendford Cricket Ground to only three hours of play.
At some point in time, the takings for the full three days of the final match were only £87.
At some point in time, the Taunton Courier estimated that the losses for the final match could be hundreds of pounds.
At some point in time, almost 2,000 people attended the final first-class match at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, the Taunton Courier report praised the alterations made to West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, the removal of a hedge made West Hendford Cricket Ground lighter.
At some point in time, West Hendford Cricket Ground had been well looked after.
At some point in time, West Hendford Cricket Ground drained quickly.
At some point in time, the Second World War suspended the County Championship from 1940 to 1945.
At some point in time, Westland Aircraft took over West Hendford Cricket Ground to expand their factory during the Second World War.
At some point in time, Westland Aircraft informed Yeovil Cricket Club that West Hendford Cricket Ground was no longer available.
At some point in time, Yeovil Cricket Club searched for a new ground in 1946.
At some point in time, Yeovil Cricket Club relocated to Johnson Park in 1948.
At some point in time, Yeovil Rugby Club also moved to Johnson Park.
At some point in time, Yeovil Rugby Club amalgamated itself into Yeovil Sports Club after moving to Johnson Park.
At some point in time, Somerset County Cricket Club returned to Yeovil after a short break.
At some point in time, Somerset County Cricket Club played fourteen fixtures at Johnson Park between 1951 and 1970.
At some point in time, Somerset County Cricket Club played eight matches at Westlands Sports Ground from 1971 to 1978.
At some point in time, only one century was scored on West Hendford Cricket Ground during its limited use as a first-class cricket ground.
At some point in time, Jim Parks scored 140 runs for Sussex during the 1937 match at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, the most wickets taken by a bowler in a match at West Hendford Cricket Ground was achieved in 1938.
At some point in time, Stuart Boyes took twelve wickets for Hampshire in the 1938 match at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, Stuart Boyes took nine wickets in the first innings of the 1938 match at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, Somerset's only success on West Hendford Cricket Ground was in 1936 against Worcestershire.
At some point in time, Somerset dismissed Worcestershire for 60 runs in the first innings of the 1936 match at West Hendford Cricket Ground.
At some point in time, Somerset dismissed Worcestershire for 77 runs in the second innings of the 1936 match at West Hendford Cricket Ground.