At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the elegant stinkhorn, the dog stinkhorn, the headless stinkhorn, or the devil's dipstick.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is a species of fungus in the Phallaceae family.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is a saprobic species.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is typically found growing on the ground singly or in small groups.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans grows on woody debris or leaf litter.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is found during summer and autumn in Japan.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is found during summer and autumn in Europe.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is found during summer and autumn in eastern North America.
At some point in time, the fruit body of Mutinus elegans begins its development in an "egg" form.
At some point in time, the "egg" form of Mutinus elegans resembles a puffball partially submerged in the ground.
At some point in time, a thick blue to green colored stalk emerges as Mutinus elegans matures.
At some point in time, the stalk of Mutinus elegans tapers evenly to a pointed tip.
At some point in time, the stalk of Mutinus elegans is covered with a foul-smelling slimy green spore mass on the upper third of its length.
At some point in time, flies and other insects feed upon the slime of Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, the slime of Mutinus elegans contains spores.
At some point in time, flies and other insects assist in the dispersal of Mutinus elegans spores.
Mature specimens of Mutinus elegans are not generally considered edible.
At some point in time, there are reports of the immature "eggs" of Mutinus elegans being consumed.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans has been shown to inhibit the growth of several microorganisms that can be pathogenic to humans in the laboratory.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans was first described by British missionary John Banister in 1679.
At some point in time, John Banister chronicled the natural history of Virginia.
At some point in time, the early report by John Banister is thought to be the first account of a fungus in North America.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans was first characterized scientifically by French scientist Jean Pierre François Camille Montagne in 1856.
At some point in time, Jean Pierre François Camille Montagne called Mutinus elegans Corynites elegans.
At some point in time, the genus name Mutinus refers to a phallic deity, Mutinus Mutunus.
At some point in time, Mutinus Mutunus is one of the Roman di indigetes placated by Roman brides.
At some point in time, the species Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the "elegant stinkhorn."
At some point in time, the species Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the "headless stinkhorn."
At some point in time, the species Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the "dog stinkhorn."
At some point in time, the species Mutinus elegans is commonly known as the "devil's dipstick."
At some point in time, the specific epithet elegans is derived from the Latin word meaning "graceful" or "elegant."
At some point in time, the young fruiting bodies of Mutinus elegans are initially white and spherical or egg-shaped.
At some point in time, the young fruiting bodies of Mutinus elegans are partially submerged in the ground.
At some point in time, the dimensions of the young fruiting bodies of Mutinus elegans are 2 to 3 cm by 1 to 2 cm.
At some point in time, the egg of Mutinus elegans ruptures as the fruit body matures.
At some point in time, the spongy spore-bearing stalk of Mutinus elegans emerges after the egg ruptures.
At some point in time, the fully grown stalk of Mutinus elegans may be from 1 to 15 cm long.
At some point in time, the fully grown stalk of Mutinus elegans may be from 1.5 to 2 cm thick.
At some point in time, the stalk of Mutinus elegans is hollow.
At some point in time, the stalk of Mutinus elegans is strongly wrinkled overall.
At some point in time, the shape of the stalk of Mutinus elegans is cylindrical below.
At some point in time, the stalk of Mutinus elegans gradually tapers to a narrow apex.
At some point in time, the tip of the stalk of Mutinus elegans has a small opening.
At some point in time, the upper half of the stalk of Mutinus elegans is bright red to reddish orange.
At some point in time, the color of the stalk of Mutinus elegans gradually loses intensity transforming into pinkish white below.
At some point in time, the stalk of Mutinus elegans may be straight.
At some point in time, the stalk of Mutinus elegans may be slightly curved.
At some point in time, a gelatinous greenish-brown gleba covers the upper third of the stalk in newly emerged specimens of Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, the remains of the "egg" form a volva around the base of the stalk of Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, the odor of the gleba of Mutinus elegans is foul.
At some point in time, one author describes the odor of the gleba of Mutinus elegans as "sickly sweet or metallic."
At some point in time, the spores of Mutinus elegans are a greenish-brown color.
At some point in time, fruit bodies of Mutinus elegans are attached to the substrate by whitish rhizomorphs.
At some point in time, the whitish rhizomorphs of Mutinus elegans resemble plant roots.
At some point in time, American mycologist Smith noted that the eggs of Mutinus elegans are often slow to open.
At some point in time, the eggs of Mutinus elegans sometimes take up to two weeks before the stalk expands.
At some point in time, the spores of Mutinus elegans are 4 to 7 by 2 to 3 µm.
At some point in time, the spores of Mutinus elegans are oblong-elliptical.
At some point in time, the spores of Mutinus elegans are smooth.
At some point in time, the spores of Mutinus elegans are embedded in the gleba.
At some point in time, a 1982 study revealed that spores of species in the Phallaceae family have a hilar scar.
At some point in time, the hilar scar of spores in the Phallaceae family is 0.2 to 0.3 µm in diameter.
At some point in time, the hilar scar of spores in the Phallaceae family is observable with scanning electron microscopy.
At some point in time, the hilar scar of spores in the Phallaceae family is a circular indentation at one end of the spore.
At some point in time, the hilar scar of spores in the Phallaceae family most likely results during the separation of the attachment of the spore to the sterigma of the basidium.
At some point in time, the immature egg-forms of Mutinus elegans are edible.
At some point in time, the immature egg-forms of Mutinus elegans are not recommended for consumption.
At some point in time, one field guide notes that the eggs of the stinkhorn fungi taste like the seasonings that are added to them.
At some point in time, the fetid odor of mature specimens of Mutinus elegans would probably be repellent to most.
Mature specimens of Mutinus elegans are not considered poisonous.
At some point in time, the "dog stinkhorn" (Mutinus caninus) is smaller than Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, the "dog stinkhorn" (Mutinus caninus) has a distinct oval or spindle-shaped tip on a slender stem.
At some point in time, the "dog stinkhorn" (Mutinus caninus) lacks the bright coloring of Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, the "dog stinkhorn" (Mutinus caninus) has less of the stalk covered by gleba compared to Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, the portion of the stalk below the spore mass is pitted in Mutinus caninus.
At some point in time, the portion of the stalk below the spore mass is "pebbly" in Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, Mutinus caninus is less common than Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, Mutinus bambusinus is similar in size and shape to Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, Mutinus bambusinus does not have a distinct color demarcation between the upper and lower parts of the stalk.
At some point in time, the entire stem of Mutinus bambusinus shows red pigments.
At some point in time, the stalk of Mutinus ravenelii is less tapered than the stalk of Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, the stalk of Mutinus ravenelii has a clearly differentiated swollen head.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is saprobic.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans derives nutrients by breaking down dead or dying organic matter.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is commonly found in gardens and farm areas enriched with manure.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is commonly found near well-decayed stumps and logs.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is commonly found in wood chips.
At some point in time, a Japanese publication mentioned the occurrence of Mutinus elegans in Takatsuki and Osaka-fu.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans fruited in November and December on the ground along paths or in open spaces in Takatsuki and Osaka-fu.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is found under or near bamboo (Phyllostachys bambusoides).
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is found under or near hardwoods such as the Sawtooth Oak.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is found under or near the Japanese Zelkova.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans is found under or near the Camphor tree.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans has been collected in eastern North America.
At some point in time, the area extending from Quebec to Florida has collected Mutinus elegans.
At some point in time, the area extending from Quebec to Florida includes the Great Lakes.
At some point in time, the area extending from Quebec to Florida includes Iowa.
At some point in time, the area extending from Quebec to Florida includes Texas.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans has been reported in the Netherlands.
At some point in time, Mutinus elegans has been collected in Japan.
At some point in time, a study of 32 basidiomycete mushrooms showed that Mutinus elegans was the only species to show antibiotic activity against all six microorganisms tested.
At some point in time, the six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Bacillus cereus.
At some point in time, the six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Bacillus subtilis.
At some point in time, the six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Staphylococcus aureus.
At some point in time, the six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Escherichia coli.
At some point in time, the six microorganisms tested include the human pathogenic bacterium Salmonella typhimurium.
At some point in time, the six microorganisms tested include the yeast Candida albicans.