At some point in time, St Mary’s Church is an Anglican church at the end of a lane to the south of the village of Nether Alderley, Cheshire, England.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church dates from the 14th century.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has later additions and a major restoration in the late 19th century.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church was built in the Gothic style.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has historically been associated with the Stanley family of Alderley.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has a fine tower.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has a Stanley pew which is entered by an outside staircase.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has a 14th-century font.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has a western gallery.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has monuments to the Lords Stanley of Alderley.
At some point in time, the grounds of St Mary’s Church contain a 17th-century former schoolhouse.
At some point in time, the 17th-century former schoolhouse is now used as a parish hall.
At some point in time, the grounds of St Mary’s Church contain a medieval church cross.
At some point in time, the grounds of St Mary’s Church contain the Stanley Mausoleum, which dates from 1909.
At some point in time, an ancient yew tree stands in the churchyard of St Mary’s Church.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church is an active parish church in the diocese of Chester.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church is in the archdeaconry of Macclesfield.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church is in the deanery of Knutsford.
At some point in time, the benefice of St Mary’s Church is combined with that of St Catherine’s, Birtles.
At some point in time, the oldest parts of St Mary’s Church date from around 1300.
At some point in time, a timber-framed church likely existed on the site of St Mary’s Church before 1300.
At some point in time, the original dedication of St Mary’s Church was to Saint Lawrence.
At some point in time, the dedication of St Mary’s Church was later changed to Saint Mary.
At some point in time, a clerestory was added to St Mary’s Church in the 15th century.
At some point in time, the tower of St Mary’s Church was built in 1530.
At some point in time, the Stanley pew was added to St Mary’s Church in about 1600.
At some point in time, the west gallery, which contained an organ, was installed in St Mary’s Church in 1803.
At some point in time, the chancel of St Mary’s Church was completely rebuilt in 1856.
At some point in time, the design of the rebuilt chancel of St Mary’s Church was by Cuffley and Starkey.
At some point in time, the rebuilding of the chancel of St Mary’s Church was paid for by the Stanley family.
At some point in time, the vestry of St Mary’s Church was constructed in 1860.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church was restored between 1877 and 1878 by Paley and Austin.
At some point in time, the nave floor of St Mary’s Church was lowered during the restoration.
At some point in time, the pulpit of St Mary’s Church was replaced during the restoration.
At some point in time, plaster was removed from the roof and walls of St Mary’s Church during the restoration.
At some point in time, the box pews of St Mary’s Church were replaced by new oak pews during the restoration.
At some point in time, the tower clock of St Mary’s Church was made in 1743.
At some point in time, the tower clock of St Mary’s Church was renovated in 1997.
At some point in time, the 16th-century wooden bell-frame of St Mary’s Church was strengthened in 2000.
At some point in time, a steel frame was added to the 16th-century wooden bell-frame of St Mary’s Church in 2000.
At some point in time, the Stanley pew of St Mary’s Church was restored in 2000.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church is built of ashlar buff and red sandstone quarried locally at Alderley Edge.
At some point in time, the roof of St Mary’s Church is of Kerridge stone slates.
At some point in time, the plan of St Mary’s Church consists of a tower at the west end.
At some point in time, the plan of St Mary’s Church consists of a four-bay nave with north and south aisles.
At some point in time, the plan of St Mary’s Church consists of a chancel with a vestry to its north.
At some point in time, the plan of St Mary’s Church consists of a south porch.
At some point in time, there is a dormer window over the north aisle of St Mary’s Church.
At some point in time, the tower of St Mary’s Church has diagonal buttresses.
At some point in time, the west door of St Mary’s Church has 14th-century mouldings.
At some point in time, there is a three-light window above the west door of St Mary’s Church.
At some point in time, the stage above the west door of St Mary’s Church contains ringers' windows on the north and west faces.
At some point in time, the stage above the west door of St Mary’s Church contains a diamond-shaped clock on the south face.
At some point in time, the belfry windows on all faces of St Mary’s Church have two lights.
At some point in time, the top of the tower of St Mary’s Church is embattled.
At some point in time, the top of the tower of St Mary’s Church contains the bases of eight pinnacles.
At some point in time, there is a string course with large grotesque gargoyles below the parapet of the tower of St Mary’s Church.
At some point in time, at the west end of the nave roof of St Mary’s Church is a bellcote.
At some point in time, the Stanley pew projects to the east of the south porch of St Mary’s Church.
At some point in time, there are grooves in the porch of St Mary’s Church which were cut where arrows were sharpened.
At some point in time, the barrel-shaped nave roof of St Mary’s Church dates possibly from the early 16th century.
At some point in time, the early 17th-century Stanley pew at the eastern end of the south aisle of St Mary’s Church is at the level of an upper storey.
At some point in time, the early 17th-century Stanley pew is entered by a flight of steps from outside St Mary’s Church.
At some point in time, the front of the early 17th-century Stanley pew is richly carved.
At some point in time, the early 17th-century Stanley pew displays six panels with coats of arms.
At some point in time, Richards states that the early 17th-century Stanley pew is one of the most mediocre of its kind in the country.
At some point in time, Richards states that the early 17th-century Stanley pew is unique in Cheshire.
At some point in time, at the west end of St Mary’s Church is a late-18th-century musicians' gallery.
At some point in time, the front panel of the late-18th-century musicians' gallery has painted coats of arms.
At some point in time, the late-18th-century musicians' gallery contains the organ which replaces an earlier organ.
At some point in time, the organ in the late-18th-century musicians' gallery was presented by Lady Fabia Stanley in 1875.
At some point in time, the organ in the late-18th-century musicians' gallery was made by Hill and Company of London.
At some point in time, the cost of the organ in the late-18th-century musicians' gallery was £350.
At some point in time, £350 is equivalent to £30,000 in 2015.
At some point in time, an oak document chest in the tower of St Mary’s Church has been dated to 1686.
At some point in time, the 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church was buried in the churchyard during the Commonwealth.
At some point in time, the 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church was dug up in 1821.
At some point in time, the 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church was restored to use in the church in 1924.
At some point in time, the 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church consists of a plain circular bowl on four short cylindrical columns with moulded bases.
At some point in time, Richards considers the 14th-century font of St Mary’s Church to be one of the finest examples of 14th-century work in Cheshire.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has two old Bibles.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has a Vinegar Bible.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church has a Breeches Bible.
At some point in time, the chancel of St Mary’s Church contains memorials to the Lords Stanley of Alderley.
At some point in time, the memorial to John Stanley, 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley contains his effigy dressed in peer's robes.
At some point in time, the effigy of John Stanley, 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley lies under a canopy with his hand on a book.
At some point in time, the memorial to John Stanley, 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley is dated 1856.
At some point in time, the memorial to John Stanley, 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley is by Richard Westmacott.
At some point in time, the chancel of St Mary’s Church contains a memorial to Edward Stanley.
At some point in time, the effigy of Edward Stanley holds a scroll in his hand.
At some point in time, the effigy of Edward Stanley has a dog at his feet.
At some point in time, engraved in brass on the side of the memorial to Edward Stanley are the figures of his widow and children.
At some point in time, Lady Stanley is seated in the middle of the memorial to Edward Stanley.
At some point in time, Lady Stanley has four surviving sons on her right in the memorial to Edward Stanley.
At some point in time, Lady Stanley has five surviving daughters on her left in the memorial to Edward Stanley.
At some point in time, Lady Stanley has three children who had died at a young age at her knee and on her lap in the memorial to Edward Stanley.
At some point in time, there is a memorial tablet to John Constantine Stanley, who died in 1878.
At some point in time, the memorial tablet to John Constantine Stanley is by Joseph Boehm.
At some point in time, the chancel of St Mary’s Church contains a monument to Rev. Edward Shipton.
At some point in time, Rev. Edward Shipton was rector of St Mary’s Church from 1625 to 1630.
At some point in time, the stained glass in the east window of St Mary’s Church is dated 1856.
At some point in time, the stained glass in the east window of St Mary’s Church was made by William Wailes.
At some point in time, the glass in a south window in the chancel of St Mary’s Church is dated 1909.
At some point in time, the glass in a south window in the chancel of St Mary’s Church was made by Morris & Co.
At some point in time, the east window in the north aisle of St Mary’s Church is dated 1920.
At some point in time, the east window in the north aisle of St Mary’s Church is by Irene Dunlop.
At some point in time, the stained glass window to the left of the pulpit in St Mary’s Church was donated by the Greg family of Styal Mill.
At some point in time, the stained glass in the window at the west end of the north aisle of St Mary’s Church is to the memory of the wife of Edward John Bell.
At some point in time, Edward John Bell was rector from 1870 to 1907.
At some point in time, the stained glass window at the west end of the north aisle of St Mary’s Church was made by Clayton and Bell in 1877.
At some point in time, the tower of St Mary’s Church holds a ring of six bells.
At some point in time, the six bells in the tower of St Mary’s Church are hung for change ringing.
At some point in time, five of the bells in the tower of St Mary’s Church were cast in 1787 by Rudhall of Gloucester.
At some point in time, the sixth bell in the tower of St Mary’s Church was cast by Charles and George Mears at the Whitechapel Bell Foundry in 1847.
At some point in time, a seventh, unused bell dates from 1686.
At some point in time, the seventh, unused bell has been noted as being of historical importance by the Church Buildings Council of the Church of England.
At some point in time, the parish registers of St Mary’s Church begin in 1629.
At some point in time, the churchwardens' accounts of St Mary’s Church begin in 1612.
At some point in time, the sandstone schoolhouse in the churchyard was built in 1628.
At some point in time, the school room in the sandstone schoolhouse was on the ground floor.
At some point in time, the schoolmaster's accommodation in the sandstone schoolhouse was above the school room.
At some point in time, a