At some point in time, the 1806 Great Coastal hurricane was a severe and damaging storm along the East Coast of the United States. At some point in time, the 1806 Great Coastal hurricane produced only a light drizzle in parts of Massachusetts. At some point in time, the 1806 Great Coastal hurricane was first observed east of the Lesser Antilles on 17 August. At some point in time, the 1806 Great Coastal hurricane arrived at the Bahamas by 19 August. At some point in time, the 1806 Great Coastal hurricane made landfall at the mouth of the Cape Fear River in North Carolina on 22 August. At some point in time, the 1806 Great Coastal hurricane moved out to sea as a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale. At some point in time, the 1806 Great Coastal hurricane persisted off of New England before dissipating south of Nova Scotia on 25 August. At some point in time, several French military ships were damaged out at sea. At some point in time, several British military ships were damaged out at sea. At some point in time, the salt industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. At some point in time, the sugar industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. At some point in time, the rice industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. At some point in time, the lumber industry in the Carolinas suffered considerably due to the hurricane. At some point in time, several individuals were killed due to the hurricane. At some point in time, wharves endured moderate damage due to the hurricane. At some point in time, vessels endured moderate damage due to the hurricane. At some point in time, many ships were wrecked on North Carolinan barrier islands due to the hurricane. At some point in time, a majority of the deaths caused by the hurricane occurred aboard the Rose-in-Bloom offshore of Barnegat Inlet, New Jersey. At some point in time, 21 of the Rose-in-Bloom's 48 passengers were killed. At some point in time, the Rose-in-Bloom sustained $171,000 in damage to its cargo. At some point in time, reports indicated extreme rainfall upon the hurricane's arrival in New England. No deaths were reported in New England due to the hurricane. At some point in time, the hurricane killed more than 24 individuals along the entirety of its track. At some point in time, the Great Coastal hurricane of 1806 was first noted far east of the Lesser Antilles on 17 August. At some point in time, weather historian David M. Ludlum followed the disturbance's track to the Bahamas by 19 August. At some point in time, intense winds persisted until 21 August approximately 150 miles (240 km) east of the Bahamian island of Eleuthera. At some point in time, steering currents brought the storm northward. At some point in time, the hurricane approached Charleston, South Carolina on 22 August. At some point in time, a generally easterly flow preceded the storm's passage far east of Charleston, South Carolina. At some point in time, the hurricane made landfall at the mouth of the Cape Fear River in North Carolina on 22 August. At some point in time, the earliest impacts from the storm started several days earlier. At some point in time, gusts initially shifted toward the northeast but later curved southwestward. At some point in time, reports of similar wind shifts throughout the region suggested that the gale persisted stationary for several hours. At some point in time, the hurricane moved back out to sea while south of Norfolk, Virginia. At some point in time, the hurricane departed the region on 24 August. At some point in time, the hurricane maintained 1-minute maximum sustained winds of 110 mph (175 km/h) while offshore. At some point in time, the hurricane was equivalent to a Category 2 system on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale while offshore. At some point in time, the gale featured a swath of winds 90 miles (150 km) wide while offshore New England. At some point in time, the hurricane was last observed just south of Nova Scotia on 25 August. At some point in time, the hurricane was slightly weaker with sustained winds of 75 mph (120 km/h) when last observed. At some point in time, the hurricane damaged several vessels while still drifting at sea. At some point in time, the hurricane dispersed and damaged Jérôme Bonaparte's fleet. At some point in time, the hurricane dismasted the 74-gun French ship of the line Impétueux. At some point in time, the Impétueux later landed near Cape Henry. At some point in time, the hurricane washed aground several ships in Charleston, South Carolina. At some point in time, the hurricane uprooted numerous trees in Charleston, South Carolina. At some point in time, damage to the city harbor in Charleston, South Carolina was minimal. At some point in time, the lighthouse on North Island flanking Winyah Bay collapsed under high winds. At some point in time, the hurricane was considered to be the worst in Georgetown, South Carolina since the 1804 Antigua-Charleston hurricane. At some point in time, the hurricane's storm surge was of a lesser size than the 1804 Antigua-Charleston hurricane. At some point in time, a cotton field covering 94 acres was ruined nearby Georgetown, South Carolina. At some point in time, numerous ships experienced damage at Smithville, North Carolina. At some point in time, considerable destruction to structures was observed at Smithville, North Carolina. At some point in time, many wharves were wrecked at Smithville, North Carolina. At some point in time, the hurricane inflicted widespread damage at Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, many wharves were severely damaged at Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, significant losses were sustained by the salt industry in Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, significant losses were sustained by the sugar industry in Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, significant losses were sustained by the rice industry in Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, significant losses were sustained by the lumber industry in Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, the gable sections of three masonry houses were destroyed by wind or water at Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, wooden houses suffered especially badly at Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, many wooden houses were obliterated at Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, many houses under construction were flattened at Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, one individual died after a wall collapsed at Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, several slaves were killed at local plantations in Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, one slave was killed by drowning at local plantations in Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, the United States Revenue Cutter Service vessel Governor Williams was stripped of its foremast at Bald Head Island. At some point in time, the Governor Williams subsequently ran ashore before being repaired. At some point in time, the Governor Williams continued on its journey after being repaired. At some point in time, a second boat owned by the United States Revenue Cutter Service, the Diligence, was tethered at port in Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, the Diligence endured no damage while tethered at port in Wilmington, North Carolina. At some point in time, little impact occurred at New Bern, North Carolina. At some point in time, several vessels and supplies of stranded sailors were driven aground along the North Carolinan coast during the storm. At some point in time, the remains of the Adolphus and Atlantic were discovered on the Bogue Banks. At some point in time, a dead body was washed ashore at the Core Banks. At some point in time, the dead body was partially eaten by fish. At some point in time, moderate damage occurred upon the hurricane's arrival in Norfolk, Virginia. At some point in time, winds toppled a number of newly built structures and chimneys in Norfolk, Virginia. At some point in time, winds uprooted trees and fences in Norfolk, Virginia. At some point in time, winds washed two watercraft aground in Norfolk, Virginia. At some point in time, alterations to the shoreline around the Chesapeake Bay permitted the full establishment of a town at Willoughby Spit after the storm. At some point in time, the Rose-in-Bloom was caught in the hurricane while offshore of Barnegat Inlet, New Jersey. At some point in time, the Rose-in-Bloom was en route to New York City from Charleston when caught in the hurricane. At some point in time, the Rose-in-Bloom was struck by a large wave which overturned the ship. At some point in time, the large wave resulted in the deaths of 21 of the Rose-in-Bloom's 48 passengers. At some point in time, the large wave resulted in the loss of $171,000 of the Rose-in-Bloom's $180,000 cargo. At some point in time, the Rose-in-Bloom only barely stayed afloat during the hurricane. At some point in time, 30 bales of cotton prevented the Rose-in-Bloom from sinking entirely. At some point in time, survivors of the Rose-in-Bloom were ferried to New York by the British brig Swift. At some point in time, the British brig Swift had been traveling toward St. John's, Newfoundland when it ferried survivors. At some point in time, the hurricane produced strong gusts within the vicinity of New York City. At some point in time, several peach trees were defoliated and uprooted at Belleville, New Jersey due to the hurricane. At some point in time, Cape Cod, Massachusetts was struck by heavy rain due to the hurricane. At some point in time, minor damage to the port occurred at Cape Cod, Massachusetts due to the hurricane. At some point in time, an individual witnessed torrential rainfall at Edgartown, Massachusetts. At some point in time, the individual recorded that a barrel was filled with 30 inches (76 cm) of water at Edgartown, Massachusetts. At some point in time, the individual estimated total rainfall reached 36 inches (91 cm) at Edgartown, Massachusetts. At some point in time, the storm devastated local crops at Edgartown, Massachusetts. At some point in time, five cargo ships were beached at Edgartown, Massachusetts due to the storm. At some point in time, severe damage to crops and salterns was noted at Brewster, Massachusetts. At some point in time, 18 inches (46 cm) of rainfall was recorded at Brewster, Massachusetts. At some point in time, reports in Boston indicate more modest rainfall amounts due to the hurricane. At some point in time, a precipitation rate of 0.40 inches (1.0 cm) per hour was noted in Boston.