At some point in time, the Gregorian Tower is also known as the Tower of the Winds.
At some point in time, the Gregorian Tower is a round tower.
At some point in time, the Gregorian Tower is located above the Gallery of Maps.
At some point in time, the Gallery of Maps connects the Villa Belvedere with the Apostolic Palace in Vatican City.
At some point in time, the Gregorian Tower was built between 1578 and 1580.
At some point in time, the design of the Gregorian Tower was by the Bolognese architect Ottaviano Mascherino.
At some point in time, Ottaviano Mascherino was credited with building the Apostolic Palace.
At some point in time, the purpose of building the Gregorian Tower was to promote the study of astronomy for the Gregorian Calendar Reform.
At some point in time, the Gregorian Calendar Reform was commissioned by Pope Gregory XIII.
At some point in time, the Gregorian Calendar Reform was promulgated in 1582.
At some point in time, the tower is now called the "Specola Astronomica Vaticana."
At some point in time, the Specola Astronomica Vaticana is the Vatican Observatory.
At some point in time, four stages of progressive development have occurred since the Gregorian Tower was first established.
At some point in time, the Gregorian Tower was of little value for astronomical observations made using a sundial.
At some point in time, the sundial provided essential confirmation of the need to reform the Julian calendar.
At some point in time, the first stage of building the tower is credited to Pope Gregory XIII.
At some point in time, Pope Gregory XIII was Pope from 1572 to 1585.
At some point in time, the directive was to build a tower at a suitable location in the Vatican.
At some point in time, the tower was to be equipped with the greatest and best instruments of the time.
At some point in time, the design was effected after a series of meetings of experts appointed to reform the Julian calendar.
At some point in time, the Julian calendar had been in use since 45 BC.
At some point in time, Fr. Christoph Clavius was a Jesuit mathematician from the Roman College.
At some point in time, Fr. Christoph Clavius was the expert on the committee who suggested the new system for the observations.
At some point in time, the tower is 73 metres (240 ft) tall.
At some point in time, the tower was built above the museum and library.
At some point in time, the tower is flanked by the Belvedere and della Pigna courtyards.
At some point in time, the instrumentation for the observation of the sun rays consisted of a meridian line designed by Ignazio Danti of Perugia.
At some point in time, the meridian line was in the form of a circular marble plate in the centre.
At some point in time, the circular marble plate was embellished with scientific designs.
At some point in time, the tower still remains today.
At some point in time, the tower has undergone improvements over the centuries.
At some point in time, the second stage of construction occurred in the 17th and 18th centuries.
At some point in time, the second stage of construction was under the charge of the Vatican librarian.
At some point in time, Mgr. Filippo Luigi Gilii was a clergyman of St. Peter's Basilica.
At some point in time, Pius VI gave approval to placing a Latin inscription "Specula Vaticana" at the entrance to the upper part of the tower.
At some point in time, Cardinal Zelada implemented the Latin inscription "Specula Vaticana."
At some point in time, plans were made to enhance the instrumentation system in the tower's observatory.
At some point in time, the original observatory was set up above the second level of the tower.
At some point in time, the agreement for the original observatory was made with Pope Pius VI.
At some point in time, the instrumentation of the observatory included many normal devices.
At some point in time, the normal devices included meteorological and magnetic equipment.
At some point in time, the instrumentation included a seismograph.
At some point in time, the instrumentation included a small transit and pendulum clock.
At some point in time, the instrumentation was noted for the Dolland Telescope.
At some point in time, the instrumentation facilitated recording occurrences of eclipses.
At some point in time, the instrumentation facilitated recording the appearance of comets.
At some point in time, the instrumentation facilitated recording the satellites of Jupiter.
At some point in time, the instrumentation facilitated recording Mercury's transit.
At some point in time, four rotary observatory domes were added at strategic locations on the fortification walls.
At some point in time, the fortification walls are more than a thousand years old.
At some point in time, Mgr. Gilii was in charge of the observatory from 1800 to 1821.
At some point in time, Mgr. Gilii carried out continuous meteorological observations twice a day at 6 AM and 2 PM.
At some point in time, the meteorological observations conformed to the programme of the Mannheim Meteorological Society.
At some point in time, the observation records for seven years were published.
At some point in time, the balance data in manuscript form was preserved in the Vatican Library.
At some point in time, the observatory on the tower was discontinued after Gilii's death in 1821.
At some point in time, the instruments were moved to the observatory at the Roman College.
At some point in time, the observatory at the Roman College was established in 1787.
At some point in time, the observatory at the Roman College was considered more suitable for making observations than the Vatican.
At some point in time, the revival of the observatory on the Gregorian Tower was initiated by the Barnabite Francesco Denza.
At some point in time, the revival of the observatory was approved by Pope Leo XIII.
At some point in time, high quality instruments were procured for the observatory.
At some point in time, some instruments were procured partly with generous donations from Hicks of London.
At some point in time, automatic recording instruments were procured from Richard in Paris.
At some point in time, a four-inch equatorial instrument was procured for the observatory.
At some point in time, a three-inch transit instrument was procured for the observatory.
At some point in time, four pendulum clocks were procured for the observatory.
At some point in time, two chronometers were procured for the observatory.
At some point in time, a 16-inch long telescope was gifted to Pope Leo XIII in 1888.
At some point in time, the 16-inch long telescope became a part of the observatory.
At some point in time, Father Denza joined the observatory in 1889.
At some point in time, the observatory was upgraded with more modern instruments in 1889.
At some point in time, a second tower was built some 400 metres (1,300 ft) away from the main Gregorian Tower.
At some point in time, the second tower overlooks the Vatican Gardens behind St. Peter's Basilica.
At some point in time, the second tower was built on the south-west border.
At some point in time, the second tower was built to a diameter of 17 metres (56 ft).
At some point in time, the lower wall thickness of the second tower is 4.5 metres (15 ft).
At some point in time, the second tower could bear the load of a 13-inch photographic refractor.
At some point in time, the 13-inch photographic refractor was newly procured from Paris.
At some point in time, Augustinian Father Rodriguez was the expert meteorologist who held the post of director from 1898 to 1905.
At some point in time, in 1891, Pope Leo XIII designated the second tower as the seat of the newly established Vatican Observatory.
At some point in time, the decision to designate the second tower required altering the roof to provide a flat terrace for astronomical observations.
At some point in time, the fourth stage involved remedying the problem of communicating between the two towers.
At some point in time, the plans of Pope Pius X were to make the Gregorian Tower into a historical tower.
At some point in time, the plans of Pope Pius X were to record and carry out observations at the second tower.
At some point in time, the two towers were to be linked along the fortified wall with an 83 metres (272 ft) iron bridge.
At some point in time, a four-inch equatorial was installed on the west end of the bridge.
At some point in time, the west end of the bridge is located on a semicircular bastion.
At some point in time, a heliograph was installed at the east end of the bridge.
At some point in time, the heliograph had a camera attached.
At some point in time, the heliograph was used to photograph the Sun.
At some point in time, a new 16-inch visual telescope called Torre Pio X was erected in the second tower.
At some point in time, the original library was moved to the Pontifical Academy Lincei.
At some point in time, the old meteorological and seismic instruments were shifted to the Valle di Pompei observatory.
At some point in time, the new Astronomical Library was housed in two rooms of the building.
At some point in time, the two new Repsold machines were used for recording on the astrographic plates.
At some point in time, the recorded observations were published along with explanatory notes.
At some point in time, the recorded observations were published together with the last two series of the atlas of stars.
At some point in time, charts were printed on silver bromide paper.
At some point in time, the tower had two floors and a mezzanine.
At some point in time, on the first floor was the famous Sundial Room or Meridian Room.
At some point in time, the Sundial Room was initially an open loggia.
At some point in time, Pope Urban VIII had the Sundial Room enclosed.
At some point in time, the Sundial Room was decorated with long sequences of frescoes painted between 1580 and 1582.
At some point in time, the frescoes were painted by Simon Lagi and two Flemish artists Paul and Matthijs Bril.
At some point in time, today the tower has paintings by Cristoforo Roncalli and Matteino da Siena.
At some point in time, the Sundial Room was once the residence of Queen Christina of Sweden.
At some point in time, Queen Christina of Sweden was newly converted to Catholicism.
At some point in time, the Sundial Room was modified by two additions.
At some point in time, the two additions gave the Sundial Room its current name.
At some point in time, one addition was a sundial.
At some point in time, the other addition was a delicate but sophisticated anemoscope.
At some point in time, the anemoscope was fixed to the ceiling of the Meridian Hall.
At some point in time, the sundial was created by Ignazio Danti.
At some point in time, Ignazio Danti was the papal cosmographer.
At some point in time, the sundial was created in association with the Gregorian Calendar Reform.
At some point in time, the sundial consisted of a straight line in white marble running across the floor in a north-south direction.
At some point in time, the purpose of the sundial was to measure the height of the Sun at noon according to the seasons of the year.
At some point in time, the observations made with the sundial provided essential confirmation of the need to reform the Julian calendar.
At some point in time, the anemoscope was a complex mechanism attached to the ceiling.
At some point in time, the anemoscope was used to measure the strength and direction of the wind.
At some point in time, the anemoscope soon stopped functioning.
At some point in time, the anemoscope may have led to the other name of the tower, Tower of the Winds.
At some point in time, an ancient observatory at Athens was also called the Tower of the Winds.
At some point in time, the ancient observatory at Athens might have been the source of inspiration for the name.
At some point in time, the interior walls and ceiling of the hall were richly decorated.
At some point in time, the decorations included gaudy frescoes of the hills and Roman countryside.
At some point in time, the decorations included frescoes of the Pantheons.
At some point in time, the decorations included religious themes.
At some point in time, the decorations included buildings surrounding the area.
At some point in time, the decorations included naval shipwrecks with Jesus calming the storm.