At some point in time, the Battle of Tellicherry was a naval action fought off the Indian port of Tellicherry between British warships and French warships on 18 November 1791. At some point in time, the Battle of Tellicherry occurred during the Third Anglo-Mysore War. At some point in time, Britain and France were not at war at the time of the Battle of Tellicherry. At some point in time, French support for the Kingdom of Mysore in the conflict with the British East India Company led to Royal Navy patrols stopping and searching French ships sailing for the Mysorean port of Mangalore. At some point in time, a French convoy from Mahé passed the British port of Tellicherry in November 1791. At some point in time, Commodore William Cornwallis sent a small squadron to intercept the French ships. At some point in time, the British force under Captain Sir Richard Strachan approached the French convoy. At some point in time, the escorting frigate Résolue opened fire on the British force. At some point in time, a general action followed the opening fire. At some point in time, Strachan succeeded in forcing the French ship to surrender within twenty minutes. At some point in time, both sides suffered damage and casualties during the battle. At some point in time, all of the French vessels were searched after the battle. At some point in time, the French vessels were subsequently returned to Mahé. At some point in time, the local French authorities reacted furiously at what they perceived as a violation of their neutral position. At some point in time, messages were sent back to France reporting the action from Commodore Saint-Félix. At some point in time, the messages sent by Commodore Saint-Félix evoked little response from France. At some point in time, the battle might have provoked a diplomatic incident under normal circumstances. At some point in time, the upheavals of the ongoing French Revolution meant that the despatches had little effect. At some point in time, in December 1789, the ruler of Mysore Tipu Sultan declared war on the British East India Company and their allies in Southern India. At some point in time, the war continued for the next two years. At some point in time, British forces and their allies drove the Mysore armies back towards the capital of Seringapatam. At some point in time, both sides were reliant on supply by sea to maintain their campaigns inland. At some point in time, the British forces were supported from their major ports at Bombay and Madras. At some point in time, the British later stationed additional forces at the small port of Tellicherry inside Mysore territory. At some point in time, the Mysorean forces were supplied through Mangalore by British ships. At some point in time, France had been an ally of Tipu Sultan's father Hyder Ali during the Second Anglo-Mysore War. At some point in time, the political instability caused by the French Revolution in Europe prevented active French involvement in the war. At some point in time, France ensured that their ships kept up a supply of equipment to Mysore throughout the war. At some point in time, Commodore William Cornwallis stationed a squadron of frigates at Tellicherry. At some point in time, the squadron was ideally situated to blockade Mangalore. At some point in time, the squadron consisted of Cornwallis in HMS Minerva, Captain Sir Richard Strachan in HMS Phoenix, and HMS Perseverance under Captain Isaac Smith. At some point in time, the French operated a squadron of their own on the coast. At some point in time, the French squadron was led by Commodore Saint-Félix. At some point in time, the French squadron consisted of two frigates based at Mahé. At some point in time, Mahé is a small French port located 7 miles (11 km) south of Tellicherry. At some point in time, the French communicated to the British at Tellicherry that they would not submit to any attempts to search their vessels. At some point in time, Strachan and Cornwallis replied that they would enforce the blockade of Mangalore whatever the consequences. At some point in time, in November 1791, a French convoy sailed from Mahé to Mangalore. At some point in time, the convoy included two merchant vessels and the frigate Résolue. At some point in time, Résolue is a 36-gun warship under Captain Callamand. At some point in time, the convoy passed northwards and soon passed Tellicherry. At some point in time, Cornwallis sent Strachan with HMS Phoenix and HMS Perseverance to stop and inspect the French ships. At some point in time, Strachan aimed to ensure the French ships were not carrying military supplies. At some point in time, Captain Isaac Smith halted the merchant ships and sent boats to inspect them. At some point in time, Strachan hailed the French captain and placed an officer in a small boat to board the frigate Résolue. At some point in time, the French captain was outraged at this violation of his neutrality. At some point in time, the French captain responded by opening fire. At some point in time, British sources suggest that the French captain's initial target was the small boat. At some point in time, HMS Phoenix was the ship most immediately damaged during the exchange of fire. At some point in time, Strachan was unsurprised at the French reaction. At some point in time, Strachan returned fire immediately. At some point in time, the proximity of the ships prevented any manoeuvres during the battle. At some point in time, within twenty minutes, the combat was decided. At some point in time, the French captain hauled down his colours. At some point in time, the French ship was battered and more than 60 men were wounded or dead. At some point in time, the French ship carried significantly weaker cannon than HMS Phoenix. At some point in time, the French ship carried 6 and 12 pounder guns. At some point in time, HMS Phoenix carried 9 and 18 pounders. At some point in time, Résolue was heavily outnumbered during the battle. At some point in time, no other French warships were in the area during the battle. At some point in time, the British had three large frigates within sight during the battle. At some point in time, French losses eventually totalled 25 men killed and 60 wounded. At some point in time, Strachan suffered just six killed and 11 wounded in return. At some point in time, with the enemy subdued, Strachan ordered a thorough search of the captured vessels. At some point in time, Strachan could find no contraband in the captured vessels. At some point in time, Strachan returned control of the captured vessels to the French commander. At some point in time, the French officer refused to accept control of the captured vessels. At some point in time, the French officer insisted that he and his ship were treated as prisoners of war. At some point in time, Cornwallis ordered the merchant ships released to continue their journey. At some point in time, Cornwallis ordered the frigate to be towed back to Mahé. At some point in time, the frigate was anchored in the roads at Mahé with its sails and topmasts struck. At some point in time, provision was subsequently made at Mahé by Strachan for the wounded French sailors. At some point in time, soon afterwards, Saint-Félix arrived at Mahé in his frigate Cybèle. At some point in time, Saint-Félix reacted furiously at the discovery that one of his neutral ships had been attacked and captured by the British. At some point in time, Cornwallis insisted that his ships had been acting within their orders. At some point in time, Saint-Félix promised reprisals if any of his vessels were attacked again. At some point in time, Saint-Félix withdrew with both Cybèle and Résolue later in the day. At some point in time, Saint-Félix was followed by HMS Minerva and HMS Phoenix. At some point in time, one account reported that Saint-Félix ordered his crew to fire on Cornwallis. At some point in time, the crew of Saint-Félix's ship refused to fire on Cornwallis. At some point in time, the British shadowed the French for several days. At some point in time, the British openly stopped and searched French merchant ships. At some point in time, the British actions did not provoke a response from Saint-Félix. At some point in time, Résolue and HMS Phoenix were subsequently detached by their commanders. At some point in time, Cornwallis and Saint-Félix remained in contact for several more days. At some point in time, Cornwallis and Saint-Félix finally separated. At some point in time, news of the encounter was conveyed back to France. At some point in time, France was at this time in one of the most turbulent eras of the ongoing Revolution. At some point in time, little notice was taken of events in India by France. At some point in time, historian William James notes that under normal political circumstances, the action would have had more significant ramifications. At some point in time, historian Edward Pelham Brenton claims that the French deliberately ignored the report out of fear of antagonising Britain. At some point in time, the Admiralty in Britain approved of Cornwallis's actions. At some point in time, the Admiralty suggested that the French were deliberately using the guise of trade to support Mysore against Britain. At some point in time, the action had no effect on the ongoing war in India. At some point in time, the ongoing war in India was now centred on the inland city of Seringapatam. At some point in time, as British forces closed on Seringapatam in February 1792, Tipu Sultan initiated peace talks. At some point in time, the peace talks brought the war to an end in exchange for concessions to the British East India Company and its Indian allies.