At some point in time, Fern Hobbs was born on May 8, 1883, in Bloomington, Nebraska.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs died on April 10, 1964.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs was an American attorney in the U.S. state of Oregon.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs was a private secretary to Oregon Governor Oswald West.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs was noted for her ambition and several accomplishments as a young woman.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs became the highest-paid woman in public service in America in her mid-twenties.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs made international news when Governor Oswald West sent her to implement martial law in Copperfield, Oregon.
At some point in time, the event in Copperfield was considered a strategic coup for Governor Oswald West.
At some point in time, the event in Copperfield established the State's authority over a remote rural community.
At some point in time, the event in Copperfield cemented Governor Oswald West's reputation as a proponent of prohibition.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs later worked for the American Red Cross in Europe.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs worked at the Oregon Journal newspaper.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs lived in Salt Lake City, Utah, for 12 years.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs finished high school in Salt Lake City, Utah.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs moved to Oregon after her father met with financial difficulties.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs settled in Hillsboro, Oregon.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs put her younger brother and sister through school.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs studied stenography while working for a living.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs became a private secretary to the president of the Title Guarantee and Trust Company.
At some point in time, the Title Guarantee and Trust Company held many assets of the Oregon Common School Fund.
At some point in time, the Title Guarantee and Trust Company failed during Fern Hobbs' time there.
At some point in time, Ben Olcott was the Secretary of State and a member of the State Land Board.
At some point in time, Ben Olcott was charged with protecting the Common School Fund.
At some point in time, Ben Olcott was involved in negotiating with the failing Title Guarantee and Trust Company over the State's assets.
At some point in time, Ben Olcott took note of Fern Hobbs' strong loyalty to her employer.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs worked as a governess for J. Wesley Ladd in Portland.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs helped raise her younger brother and sister.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs studied stenography and the law.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs worked as a secretary.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs graduated from Willamette University College of Law in 1913.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs received a Bachelor of Laws degree.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs was admitted to the Oregon State Bar.
At some point in time, Ben Olcott recommended that Oswald West hire Fern Hobbs as his private stenographer.
At some point in time, Oswald West hired Fern Hobbs as his private stenographer.
At some point in time, Oswald West hired Fern Hobbs as his private secretary two years after hiring her as a stenographer.
At some point in time, at age 27, Fern Hobbs was the highest-paid woman in public service in the United States.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs earned $3,000 per year.
At some point in time, Oswald West ordered Fern Hobbs to Copperfield, Oregon, to restore law and order on January 2, 1914.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs traveled to Copperfield, Oregon, with a group of six militia men.
At some point in time, the group included Oregon State Penitentiary warden B.K. Lawson.
At some point in time, Copperfield was located on the Snake River in Baker County.
At some point in time, Copperfield had grown up around construction projects for a railroad tunnel and power plant.
At some point in time, fifteen hundred jobs in the area came from the railway project of E. H. Harriman or the power generation facility.
At some point in time, Copperfield had descended into lawlessness.
At some point in time, Copperfield had a number of saloons, brothels, dancing halls, and widespread gambling.
At some point in time, Copperfield had no law enforcement officers.
At some point in time, local government officials in Copperfield had become bar keepers.
At some point in time, Governor Oswald West had extended prohibition laws.
At some point in time, some local residents in Copperfield had appealed to the state government for assistance.
At some point in time, the appeals for assistance were widely ignored in Copperfield.
At some point in time, over half the residents of Copperfield signed a petition addressed to Oswald West.
At some point in time, the petition alleged that saloons owned by the mayor and City Council members were selling liquor to minors.
At some point in time, the petition alleged that saloons owned by the mayor and City Council members were staying open later than their posted hours.
At some point in time, Governor Oswald West ordered county officials to restore order in Copperfield.
At some point in time, Governor Oswald West ordered county officials to close the saloons in Copperfield.
At some point in time, Governor Oswald West ordered county officials to force the resignations of corrupt city leaders by December 25, 1913.
At some point in time, county officials did not take care of the problem in Copperfield.
At some point in time, Governor Oswald West sent Fern Hobbs to Copperfield, hoping the presence of a woman would incite violence.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs was a petite woman standing 5 feet 4 inches tall.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs weighed less than 100 pounds.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs was dispatched with orders to restore order in Copperfield.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs was dispatched with orders to implement martial law if necessary.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs and Governor Oswald West were coy with reporters about the presence of the militia men.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs suggested that she might be acting alone.
At some point in time, the saloon keepers in Copperfield received word that Fern Hobbs was accompanied by law enforcement officers shortly before her arrival.
At some point in time, the saloon keepers greeted Fern Hobbs by dressing up the town with bunting, blue and pink ribbons, and flowers.
At some point in time, a town meeting was arranged at 2:30 p.m. on January 3.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs renewed the call for the resignation of city officials.
At some point in time, the request for the resignation of city officials was refused.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs' escorts arrested the city leaders.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs ordered B.K. Lawson to declare martial law.
At some point in time, it was the first time in Oregon since the Civil War that martial law was put into effect.
At some point in time, the town of Copperfield was disarmed.
At some point in time, order was restored in Copperfield.
At some point in time, gambling equipment and weapons were confiscated in Copperfield.
At some point in time, the saloons in Copperfield were closed down.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs left B.K. Lawson in charge in Copperfield.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs caught the 4:00 p.m. train out of Copperfield that same day.
At some point in time, the residents of Copperfield did not openly resist Fern Hobbs or the militia men.
At some point in time, nearly all the residents of Copperfield were armed.
At some point in time, the residents of Copperfield had been prepared to offer non-violent resistance.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs stopped at the county seat in Baker City to officially remove the town's officials in front of a judge.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs returned to the state capitol in Salem after removing the town's officials.
At some point in time, the Baker County Circuit Court quickly enjoined the militia from holding Copperfield under martial law.
At some point in time, Sheriff Rand began assembling a posse to carry out the court order.
At some point in time, Governor Oswald West requested a hearing.
At some point in time, Governor Oswald West sought Rand's temporary removal from office.
At some point in time, Governor Oswald West appointed Fern Hobbs to represent the State as special counsel.
At some point in time, the actions of Governor Oswald West were later challenged in court.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs and Oswald West were among the defendants in the court challenge.
At some point in time, the saloon keepers sought remuneration for liquor they claimed was confiscated during the period of martial law.
At some point in time, the Baker County Circuit Court determined that Governor Oswald West's actions were within his powers.
At some point in time, the Oregon Supreme Court ultimately concurred with the Baker County Circuit Court's determination.
At some point in time, these events made Fern Hobbs the most famous woman in Oregon at that time.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs made national and international news for the events in Copperfield.
At some point in time, writer Stewart Holbrook reported on Fern Hobbs.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs continued as Governor Oswald West's secretary until the end of his term in 1915.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs visited the Union County town of Cove in February 1914.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs visited Cove to investigate complaints about a saloon.
At some point in time, a local election had declared Cove "dry."
At some point in time, a county election had declared the entire county "wet."
At some point in time, the mayor of Cove stated that he was unable to determine whether the saloon was legal or not.
At some point in time, the mayor of Cove expressed deference to Governor Oswald West's wishes.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs did not order the saloon in Cove closed down.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs moved to Portland.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs practiced law in Portland.
At some point in time, women's rights groups promoted Fern Hobbs as a candidate to run for governor.
Fern Hobbs never ran for office.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs became the commissioner of the Oregon State Industrial Accident Commission.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs worked on getting taxes due on the Oregon & California Lands.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs began a long association with the Red Cross in 1917.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs worked in Europe from 1917 to 1922.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs spent time as the chief of the casualty division in Paris, France.
At some point in time, in her position, Fern Hobbs was responsible for notifying dead soldiers' next of kin.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs returned to Europe in the 1930s.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs worked in the Rhine Valley when it was occupied by France.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs worked as a secretary for the Oregon Journal newspaper after returning to Oregon.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs retired in 1948 as the secretary to the Oregon Journal's business manager.
At some point in time, Fern Hobbs was buried at the Hillsboro Pioneer Cemetery in Hillsboro, Oregon.
At some point in time, Stewart Holbrook interviewed Fern Hobbs in the early 1950s.
At some point in time, Stewart Holbrook interviewed Fern Hobbs a few years after her retirement.
At some point in time, Stewart Holbrook observed that Fern Hobbs still weighed 104 pounds.
At some point in time, Stewart Holbrook observed that Fern Hobbs' eyes were clear and blue behind her glasses.
At some point in time, Stewart Holbrook observed that there was not a gray hair on Fern Hobbs' head.
At some point in time, Stewart Holbrook noted that Fern Hobbs lived as quietly as she had always lived.
At some point in time, Stewart Holbrook noted that the subject of Copperfield bored Fern Hobbs.