At some point in time, Trinsey v. Pennsylvania 941 F.2d 224 was a case decided by the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
At some point in time, the case confirmed the validity of special elections held without a primary under the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
At some point in time, the case confirmed the validity of special elections held without a primary under the Seventeenth Amendment to the United States Constitution.
At some point in time, H. John Heinz III was one of the US Senators from Pennsylvania.
At some point in time, H. John Heinz III died in a plane crash on April 4, 1991.
At some point in time, state legislatures may give the Governor the power to appoint officials to fill temporarily vacant Senate seats under the Seventeenth Amendment.
At some point in time, Pennsylvanian law contained a statute executing the power to appoint officials to fill temporarily vacant Senate seats.
At some point in time, the statute required no primaries for the special election.
At some point in time, both the Democrats and Republicans would each internally select their candidates for the special election.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. was a voter and potential candidate.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. asked the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania to declare the statute unconstitutional.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. claimed that the statute violated the Fourteenth Amendment.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. claimed that the statute violated the Seventeenth Amendment.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. argued that the lack of a primary removed his right to properly vote for candidates.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. argued that the lack of a primary delegated the power to political parties.
At some point in time, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania decided on June 10, 1991.
At some point in time, the District Court decided that the statute was an unconstitutional violation of the right to vote for and select Senate candidates.
At some point in time, the decision of the District Court was appealed to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
At some point in time, the Court of Appeals decided against the use of the strict scrutiny approach.
At some point in time, the Court of Appeals ruled that the statute was not a violation of the Fourteenth Amendment.
At some point in time, the Court of Appeals ruled that the statute was not a violation of the Seventeenth Amendment.
At some point in time, academics have been critical of both the decision reached and the approach used.
At some point in time, one academic suggested that the "substantial state interests" test used in Valenti v. Rockefeller would be more appropriate.
At some point in time, H. John Heinz III was killed when his chartered plane collided with a helicopter inspecting its landing gear on April 4, 1991.
At some point in time, the legislature of each state has the power to permit the governor to fill the vacant Senate seat until a special election can be held under the Seventeenth Amendment.
At some point in time, Governor Robert P. Casey signed a writ on May 13, 1991.
At some point in time, the writ declared November 5 as the date for a special election.
At some point in time, Governor Robert P. Casey temporarily appointed Harris Wofford to fill H. John Heinz III's now-vacant seat.
At some point in time, under Pennsylvanian law, there was no need for a primary in such a situation.
At some point in time, both the Democrats and Republicans would each internally select their candidate for the special election.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. challenged the constitutionality of the law.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. claimed that the law violated his rights under the Fourteenth Amendment.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. claimed that the law violated his rights under the Seventeenth Amendment.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. argued that the state legislation prevented him from selecting a candidate of his choice.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. argued that the legislation delegated the power to choose candidates to political parties rather than the electorate.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. filed a motion for a declaratory judgment.
At some point in time, John S. Trinsey Jr. requested that Harris Wofford be removed from his seat.
At some point in time, counsel for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania argued that the constitution did not require the holding of primary elections to fill vacancies.
At some point in time, counsel for the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania argued that the statute protected valid and compelling state interests.
At some point in time, the judge dismissed both John S. Trinsey Jr.'s motion to remove Harris Wofford and the Commonwealth's motion to dismiss.
At some point in time, the District Court declared the statute constitutional on June 10, 1991.
At some point in time, the District Court stated that the statute did not violate the Fourteenth Amendment.
At some point in time, the District Court stated that the statute did not violate the Seventeenth Amendment.
At some point in time, the District Court concluded that the Pennsylvanian use of a nomination process before a special election implied a right to vote.
At some point in time, the District Court concluded that the lack of a primary necessitated a strict scrutiny of the legislation.
At some point in time, the District Court concluded that the interests the Commonwealth put forth could not outweigh the infringement of the right to vote.
At some point in time, the District Court concluded that the statute governing special elections was unconstitutional.
At some point in time, the public, press, and political parties quickly turned their attention to the case.
At some point in time, the Republican State Committee of Pennsylvania intervened in the case.
At some point in time, the Democratic counterparts supported the Republican State Committee of Pennsylvania in the case.
At some point in time, the Republican State Committee of Pennsylvania and several prominent politicians moved to expedite an appeal to the Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit.
At some point in time, the Court of Appeals confirmed that there was no restriction of any fundamental right.
At some point in time, the Court of Appeals held that the strict scrutiny process did not need to be applied.
At some point in time, the Court of Appeals held that the Seventeenth Amendment did not require primary elections to fill vacancies.
At some point in time, the Court of Appeals held that the Seventeenth Amendment gave state legislatures wide discretion as to how to hold elections.
At some point in time, the Court of Appeals ruled that the statute did not violate the constitution.
At some point in time, the Supreme Court denied a writ of certiorari in December 1991.
At some point in time, the Supreme Court presumably denied the writ because the special election had already taken place in November.
At some point in time, the issue was thus moot.
At some point in time, Laura E. Little wrote in the Temple Law Review.
At some point in time, Laura E. Little noted the dearth of guidance for either the District Court or Court of Appeals in Trinsey.
At some point in time, there was no explicit direction from either the constitutional provisions or prior case law.
At some point in time, the Court of Appeals took a narrow view of the issues.
At some point in time, Laura E. Little criticized the narrow view taken by the Court of Appeals.
At some point in time, under Pennsylvanian law, primaries are mandatory in all other elections.
At some point in time, Laura E. Little opined that the lack of a primary in this case should have been judged to be a violation of John S. Trinsey Jr.'s fundamental rights.
At some point in time, the purpose of the Seventeenth Amendment is to ensure direct election.
At some point in time, the lack of a primary should have led to the application of the strict scrutiny test.
At some point in time, the lack of a primary should have led to the decision that the statute governing special elections was unconstitutional.
At some point in time, Kevin M. Gold suggested that the test used in Valenti v. Rockefeller was more appropriate.
At some point in time, in Valenti, the judiciary applied the "substantial state interests" test.
At some point in time, the "substantial state interests" test involves looking at whether the statute in question furthers the interests of the states.
At some point in time, the Seventeenth Amendment gives states some discretion as to the electoral process they use.