At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was a cruiser of the Soviet Navy.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz began construction during World War I.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was incomplete during the Russian Revolution.
At some point in time, the design of Krasnyi Kavkaz was heavily modified by the Soviets.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was completed in 1932.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz supported Soviet troops during the Siege of Odessa.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz supported Soviet troops during the Siege of Sevastopol.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz supported Soviet troops during the Kerch-Feodosiya Operation in the winter of 1941-42.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was awarded the Guards title on 3 April 1942.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was reclassified as a training ship in May 1947.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was used as a target in 1952.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was laid down on 18 October 1913 at the Rossud Dockyard.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was originally named Admiral Lazarev.
At some point in time, Admiral Lazarev was a cruiser of the Svetlana class.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was launched on 8 June 1916.
At some point in time, construction of Krasnyi Kavkaz was abandoned in 1917 during the October Revolution.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was 63% complete when construction was abandoned.
At some point in time, the Marine Department of Hetman Pavlo Skoropadskyi was engaged in the completion of Krasnyi Kavkaz in the second half of 1918.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was formally renamed Hetman Petro Doroshenko on 25 January 1919.
At some point in time, Mykolaiv was captured shortly after Krasnyi Kavkaz was renamed.
At some point in time, the hull of Krasnyi Kavkaz was relatively undamaged.
At some point in time, the Soviets decided to finish Krasnyi Kavkaz to a modified design.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was renamed on 14 December 1926.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was completed to a modernized design.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was commissioned on 25 January 1932.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was initially intended to accommodate eight 8-inch (200 mm) guns in four twin turrets.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz could not accommodate eight 8-inch (200 mm) guns due to her small and lightly constructed hull.
At some point in time, three twin turrets mounting the new 57-caliber 180 mm (7.1 in) B-1-K gun proved impracticable for Krasnyi Kavkaz.
At some point in time, the Soviets settled for four MK-1-180 single 180 mm gun turrets for Krasnyi Kavkaz.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz had two MK-1-180 single 180 mm gun turrets at each end.
At some point in time, the superstructure of Krasnyi Kavkaz was massively revised to fit the new turrets.
At some point in time, all of the original casemated 130-millimeter (5.1 in) / 55 B7 Pattern 1913 guns were removed from Krasnyi Kavkaz.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz's secondary armament consisted of four 30-caliber 76.2 mm Lender AA guns.
At some point in time, the four 30-caliber 76.2 mm Lender AA guns were mounted between the funnels of Krasnyi Kavkaz.
At some point in time, the original internal torpedo tubes of Krasnyi Kavkaz were replaced by four triple 533-millimeter (21.0 in) torpedo mounts.
At some point in time, the four triple 533-millimeter (21.0 in) torpedo mounts were mounted on each side of the main deck abaft the forecastle break of Krasnyi Kavkaz.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was given an aircraft-handling crane.
At some point in time, a catapult was not installed aft of the rear funnel of Krasnyi Kavkaz until 1935.
At some point in time, a Heinkel catapult was imported from Germany for Krasnyi Kavkaz.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was fitted for mine rails with a capacity of up to 120 mines.
At some point in time, the light cruiser Komintern collided with Krasnyi Kavkaz in May 1932.
At some point in time, the collision with Komintern badly damaged the bow of Krasnyi Kavkaz.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was extensively rebuilt after the collision.
At some point in time, the rebuilding of Krasnyi Kavkaz increased her overall length by over 11 meters (36 ft).
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz made port visits in Turkey in 1933.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz made port visits in Greece in 1933.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz made port visits in Italy in 1933.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was refitted before Operation Barbarossa.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz's catapult was removed before Operation Barbarossa.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz's anti-aircraft armament was greatly increased before Operation Barbarossa.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz exchanged her four 76.2 mm Lender AA guns for four Italian Minizini twin gun 50-caliber 100 mm AA mounts.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz received four single mounts for the semi-automatic 76.2 mm 34-K guns.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was fitted with six 12.7 mm (0.50 in) AA machine guns.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was fitted with two single mounts for 76.2 mm (3.00 in) 34-K guns.
At some point in time, one single mount for a 76.2 mm (3.00 in) 34-K gun was fitted on each side of the quarterdeck just aft of the rearmost main gun turret of Krasnyi Kavkaz.
At some point in time, some of the guns on Krasnyi Kavkaz may have been received earlier.
At some point in time, the sources regarding the earlier receipt of guns for Krasnyi Kavkaz are unclear.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz landed her aft pair of torpedo tubes while under repair at Poti in late 1942.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz received two more Minizini mounts salvaged from the sunken cruiser Chervona Ukraina.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was fitted with ten single mounts for the naval version of the 37 mm AA gun.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was also carrying one quadruple Vickers .50 machine gun MK III mount on top of each of her superfiring main gun turrets by 1944.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz may have been using Oerlikon 20 mm cannon by 1944.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz laid down a defensive mine barrage protecting the Black Sea Fleet base at Sevastopol on 22 June.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz provided gunfire support to Soviet forces defending Odessa.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz escorted convoys bringing the 157th Rifle Division into Odessa during September 1941.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz transported one battalion of the 3rd Marine Regiment from Sevastopol.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz conducted a successful amphibious assault behind Romanian lines.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz aimed to destroy Romanian coastal batteries near Fontanka and Dofinovka.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz escorted convoys from 3-6 October that evacuated the 157th Rifle Division from Odessa to Sevastopol.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz escorted the final evacuation convoy during the night of 15-16 October.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz provided gunfire support during the Siege of Sevastopol.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz evacuated cut-off troops from elsewhere in the Crimea into Sevastopol.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz brought in reinforcements from Caucasian ports.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz helped to transport the 388th Rifle Division from Novorossiysk to Sevastopol between 7 and 13 December.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz helped to transport the 354th Rifle Division from Tuapse to Sevastopol between 21 and 22 December.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz bombarded German positions in the interim between transporting divisions.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz sailed into the harbor of Feodosiya on 29 December 1941.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz disembarked reinforcements in Feodosiya.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz provided gunfire support for Soviet troops already ashore in Feodosiya.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was hit seventeen times by Axis artillery and mortar fire in retaliation.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz ferried supplies and reinforcements for the Soviet bridgehead on the Kerch Peninsula on 1 and 3 January.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was severely damaged by German Junkers Ju 87 Stuka dive-bombers from II./StG 77 on the return voyage.
At some point in time, four near-misses close to the stern of Krasnyi Kavkaz damaged her steering.
At some point in time, the left propeller shaft of Krasnyi Kavkaz was damaged by near-misses.
At some point in time, one propeller of Krasnyi Kavkaz was blown off by near-misses.
At some point in time, flooding caused the draft of Krasnyi Kavkaz to increase by 5 meters (16 ft).
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz made it to Novorossiysk escorted by the destroyer Sposobnyi.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was patched up enough to make it to Poti.
At some point in time, more permanent repairs for Krasnyi Kavkaz could be made at Poti.
At some point in time, the repairs for Krasnyi Kavkaz took until October 1942.
At some point in time, the opportunity was taken to reinforce the anti-aircraft armament of Krasnyi Kavkaz during repairs.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was awarded the Guards title on 3 April in recognition of her performance.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz, her half-sister Krasnyi Krym, and three destroyers ferried 12,600 men of the 8th, 9th, and 10th Guards Rifle Brigades from Poti to Tuapse between 20 and 23 October.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Krym, Krasnyi Kavkaz, and three destroyers provided fire support for the main landing on the night of 4 February 1943.
At some point in time, the Soviet troops at the main landing were wiped out by 6 February 1943.
At some point in time, one secondary landing during the amphibious landings was successful.
At some point in time, the loss of three destroyers attempting to interdict the German evacuation of the Taman Bridgehead on 6 October 1943 caused Stalin to forbid the deployment of large naval units without his express permission.
At some point in time, the order from Stalin meant the end of Krasnyi Kavkaz's active participation in the war.
At some point in time, little is known about the activities of Krasnyi Kavkaz after the end of the war.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was redesignated as a training ship on 12 May 1947.
At some point in time, Krasnyi Kavkaz was sunk as a target ship by SS-N-1 missiles on 21 November 1952.