At some point in time, the Hope Highway is also known as the Hope Road Turnoff.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway is a Forest Highway.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway is located in the Kenai Peninsula Borough.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway is located in the U.S. state of Alaska.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway was first established in 1950.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway connects the city of Hope to the Seward Highway.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway travels through 17 miles (27 km) of the Chugach National Forest.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway passes the ghost town of Sunrise City.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway passes several smaller settlements.
At some point in time, the smaller settlements are remnants of the gold rush that occurred in that area.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway was created circa 1928.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway was designated as Forest Highway 14 by the Federal Highway Administration.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway begins at an intersection with the Seward Highway (AK-1).
At some point in time, the intersection is inside Chugach National Forest.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway proceeds north.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway travels through several miles of pine forest.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway is in a valley in the Kenai Mountain range.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway passes alongside the Resurrection Creek.
At some point in time, the Resurrection Creek was the source for the settlement of this area.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway proceeds through the abandoned settlement of Sunrise City.
At some point in time, Sunrise City was an old mining town.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway proceeds to the Turnagain Arm.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway turns in a westward direction.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway continues along the Turnagain Arm for several miles.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway enters the city of Hope.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway passes through Hope.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway intersects the Old Hope Highway.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway intersects several smaller streets.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway exits the town of Hope.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway reenters the forest.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway reaches its northern terminus.
At some point in time, the northern terminus is an access road to the Porcupine Creek Campgrounds.
At some point in time, the entire length of the Hope Highway is located in the Chugach National Forest.
No portion of the Hope Highway is listed on the National Highway System.
At some point in time, traffic on the Hope Highway is very low.
At some point in time, the highest traffic count on the Hope Highway is just over 400 vehicles daily.
At some point in time, the highest traffic count occurs at the intersection with the Seward Highway.
At some point in time, the daily average vehicle count for the Hope Highway is just under 300.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway was first established in 1928.
At some point in time, the original highway connected the city of Hope to Moose Pass.
At some point in time, the original highway took people to Anchorage via the Alaska Railroad.
At some point in time, the Seward Highway was completed in 1951.
At some point in time, the completion of the Seward Highway allowed travelers to get to Hope without having to transport their vehicle on a train.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway operated as an improved dirt road until 1952 or 1953.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway was finally paved in 1952 or 1953.
At some point in time, the portion of the Hope Highway that connected Hope to the campgrounds was created in the 1970s.
At some point in time, the Hope Highway was rerouted around the city of Hope around the same time as the extension of the route.
At some point in time, the original path that traveled through the city of Hope was renamed the Old Hope Highway.
At some point in time, in 1982, the Hope Highway was added to the Federal Forest Highway System.
At some point in time, the addition was due to the location and local importance of the Hope Highway.
At some point in time, the entire highway is in Kenai Peninsula Borough.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway is a short, historic route of the Hope Highway.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway is located in the city of Hope.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway is just 0.259 miles (0.417 km) long.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway connects the Hope Highway to the central region of Hope.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway has an unpaved, gravel surface.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway passes several small businesses located in Hope.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway passes several homes located in Hope.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway was part of the original Hope Highway.
At some point in time, the original Hope Highway was created in 1928.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway remained part of the highway until circa 1970.
At some point in time, the Old Hope Highway was rerouted around Hope circa 1970.