At some point in time, the Gambia women's national football team represents the Gambia in international football competition.
At some point in time, the Gambia women's national football team has participated in major regional tournaments.
At some point in time, the Gambia women's national football team has participated in international tournaments.
The Gambia women's national football team has not competed in a match recognized by FIFA.
At some point in time, organized women's football has been played in the Gambia since 1998.
At some point in time, the Gambia has two youth teams.
At some point in time, the Gambia has an under-17 youth team.
At some point in time, the under-17 youth team has competed in FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup qualifiers.
At some point in time, the Gambia has an under-19 youth team.
At some point in time, the under-19 youth team withdrew from regional qualifiers for an under-19 World Cup.
At some point in time, the development of a national team faces challenges similar to those across Africa.
At some point in time, the Gambia Football Association has four staff members focusing on women's football.
At some point in time, in 1985, few countries had women's national football teams.
At some point in time, the sport gained popularity worldwide in later decades.
At some point in time, the Gambia's national team played its first game in 2007.
At some point in time, the first game played by the Gambia's national team was not FIFA-recognized.
At some point in time, as of March 2012, the Gambia women's national football team was unranked by FIFA.
At some point in time, as of April 2012, the Gambia had not played in a FIFA-sanctioned match.
The Gambia women's national football team has not participated in the Women’s World Cup.
The Gambia women's national football team has not participated in the 2010 African Women’s Championship.
The Gambia women's national football team has not participated in the 2011 All-Africa Games.
The Gambia did not have a FIFA-recognized youth national team until 2012.
At some point in time, the Gambia under-17 women's team competed in Confederation of African Football qualifiers for the FIFA U-17 World Cup.
At some point in time, the FIFA U-17 World Cup was to be held in Azerbaijan in September 2012.
At some point in time, the Gambia fielded an under-17 team of 24 players.
At some point in time, the under-17 team was narrowed from an initial pool of 49 young women.
At some point in time, two girls from the SOS Children’s Village Bakoteh were chosen as members of the under-17 team.
At some point in time, the Gambia first played Sierra Leone in a pair of qualifying matches for the tournament.
At some point in time, Gambia won the first match against Sierra Leone 3-0 in Banjul.
At some point in time, Banjul is the Gambia's capital.
At some point in time, the return match against Sierra Leone was delayed for 24 hours.
At some point in time, the return match against Sierra Leone was played in Makeni.
At some point in time, the Gambia beat Sierra Leone 4-3 to qualify for the final round.
At some point in time, the Gambia beat Tunisia 1-0 at home.
At some point in time, the Gambia won 2-1 in Tunisia against Tunisia.
At some point in time, Adama Tamba scored a goal for the Gambia.
At some point in time, Awa Demba scored a goal for the Gambia.
At some point in time, Tunisia's only goal was a Gambian own goal.
At some point in time, the win qualified the Gambia for the 2012 Azerbaijan World Cup.
At some point in time, the Gambia has an under-19 team that was to play in the African Women’s U-19 Championship in 2002.
At some point in time, the Gambia's first match in the African Women’s U-19 Championship was against Morocco.
At some point in time, the under-19 team withdrew from the African Women’s U-19 Championship.
At some point in time, the development of women's football in Africa faces several challenges.
At some point in time, limited access to education is a challenge facing women's football in Africa.
At some point in time, poverty amongst women is a challenge facing women's football in Africa.
At some point in time, inequalities are a challenge facing women's football in Africa.
At some point in time, human rights abuses targeting women are a challenge facing women's football in Africa.
At some point in time, funding is an issue impacting women's football in Africa.
At some point in time, most financial assistance for women's football in Africa comes from FIFA.
At some point in time, most financial assistance for women's football in Africa does not come from national football associations.
At some point in time, retention of football players is another challenge facing women's football in Africa.
At some point in time, many women footballers leave Africa to seek greater opportunity in Europe.
At some point in time, many women footballers leave Africa to seek greater opportunity in the United States.
At some point in time, the Gambia Football Association was founded in 1952.
At some point in time, the Gambia Football Association became affiliated with FIFA in 1968.
At some point in time, football is the most popular women's sport in the Gambia.
At some point in time, football was first played in an organized system in the Gambia in 1998.
At some point in time, a national competition was launched in the Gambia in 2007.
At some point in time, FIFA started an education course on football for women in 2007.
At some point in time, competition was active on both the national and scholastic levels in the Gambia by 2009.
At some point in time, there are four staffers dedicated to women's football in the Gambia Football Association.
At some point in time, representation of women on the board is required by the Gambia Football Association's charter.