At some point in time, the Arihant class is a class of nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines.
At some point in time, the Arihant class submarines are being built for the Indian Navy.
At some point in time, the Arihant class submarines were developed under the US $2.9 billion Advanced Technology Vessel project.
At some point in time, the lead vessel of the Arihant class is INS Arihant.
At some point in time, INS Arihant was launched in 2009.
At some point in time, INS Arihant was confirmed as ready for operations on 23 February 2016.
At some point in time, INS Arihant is the first ballistic missile submarine built by a country other than one of the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council.
At some point in time, in December 1971, during the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971, US President Richard Nixon did not send any carrier battle group into the Bay of Bengal.
At some point in time, the Soviet Union sent a submarine armed with nuclear missiles from Vladivostok to trail the US task force.
At some point in time, the event demonstrated the significance of nuclear weapons and ballistic missile submarines to then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
At some point in time, following the 1974 Smiling Buddha nuclear test, the Director of Marine Engineering at Naval Headquarters initiated a technical feasibility study for an indigenous nuclear propulsion system.
At some point in time, the indigenous nuclear propulsion system is referred to as Project 932.
At some point in time, the Indian Navy's Advanced Technology Vessel project took shape in the 1990s.
At some point in time, then Defence Minister George Fernandes confirmed the Advanced Technology Vessel project in 1998.
At some point in time, the initial intent of the Advanced Technology Vessel project was to design nuclear-powered fast attack submarines.
At some point in time, the Advanced Technology Vessel project was realigned towards the design of a ballistic missile submarine after nuclear tests conducted by India in 1998.
At some point in time, the nuclear tests were conducted at Pokhran Test Range.
At some point in time, India made a pledge of no first use regarding nuclear weapons.
At some point in time, the Arihant-class submarines are nuclear-powered ballistic missile submarines.
At some point in time, the Arihant-class submarines are built under the Advanced Technology Vessel project.
At some point in time, the Arihant-class submarines will be the first nuclear submarines designed and built by India.
At some point in time, the submarines are 112 meters long.
At some point in time, the submarines have a beam of 11 meters.
At some point in time, the submarines have a draught of 10 meters.
At some point in time, the submarines have a displacement of 6,000 tonnes.
At some point in time, the submarines have a diving depth of 300 meters.
At some point in time, the complement of the submarines is about 95, including officers and sailors.
At some point in time, the submarines are powered by a single seven-blade propeller.
At some point in time, the submarines are powered by an 83 MW pressurized water reactor.
At some point in time, the submarines can achieve a maximum speed of 12 to 15 knots when surfaced.
At some point in time, the submarines can achieve a maximum speed of 24 knots when submerged.
At some point in time, the submarines have four launch tubes in their hump.
At some point in time, the submarines can carry up to 12 K-15 Sagarika missiles with one warhead each.
At some point in time, the K-15 Sagarika missiles have a range of 750 km.
At some point in time, the submarines can carry up to 4 K-4 missiles.
At some point in time, the K-4 missiles have a range of 3,500 km.
At some point in time, the submarines are similar to the Akula-class submarine of Russia.
At some point in time, the Indian Navy will train on INS Chakra.
At some point in time, INS Chakra is an Akula-class submarine leased from Russia in 2012.
At some point in time, the submarines are powered by a pressurized water reactor with highly enriched uranium fuel.
At some point in time, the miniaturized version of the reactor was designed and built by the Bhabha Atomic Research Centre.
At some point in time, the miniaturized version of the reactor was built at the Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research in Kalpakkam.
At some point in time, the reactor includes a 42-meter section of the submarine's pressure hull containing the shielding tank with water and the reactor.
At some point in time, the reactor includes a control room.
At some point in time, the reactor includes an auxiliary control room for monitoring safety parameters.
At some point in time, the prototype reactor became critical on 11 November 2003.
At some point in time, the prototype reactor was declared operational on 22 September 2006.
At some point in time, successful operation of the prototype reactor for three years enabled the production version of the reactor for Arihant.
At some point in time, the reactor subsystems were tested at the Machinery Test Center in Visakhapatnam.
At some point in time, facilities for loading and replacing the fuel cores of the naval reactors in berthed submarines were established.
At some point in time, the detailed engineering of the design was implemented at Larsen & Toubro's submarine design center at their Hazira shipbuilding facility.
At some point in time, Tata Power SED built the control systems for the submarine.
At some point in time, the steam turbines and associated systems integrated with the reactor were supplied by Walchandnagar Industries.
At some point in time, the lead vessel underwent a long and extensive process of testing after its launch in July 2009.
At some point in time, the propulsion and power systems were tested with high-pressure steam trials.
At some point in time, the propulsion and power systems underwent harbor-acceptance trials.
At some point in time, the harbor-acceptance trials included submersion tests by flooding the ballast tanks.
At some point in time, the harbor-acceptance trials included controlled dives to limited depths.
At some point in time, INS Arihant's reactor went critical for the first time on 10 August 2013.
At some point in time, on 13 December 2014, the submarine set off for its extensive sea trials.
At some point in time, the exact number of planned submarines remains unclear.
At some point in time, according to media reports, about three to six submarines are planned to be built.
At some point in time, the first boat of the class, INS Arihant, is expected to be commissioned by 2016.
At some point in time, the first four vessels are expected to be commissioned by 2023.
At some point in time, in December 2014, work on a second nuclear reactor began.
At some point in time, the second boat, INS Aridhaman, is being prepared for sea trials.
At some point in time, the next three ships in the class will be larger than the lead ship.
At some point in time, the next three ships in the class will have 8 missile launch tubes.
At some point in time, the next three ships in the class can carry up to 8 K-4 missiles.
At some point in time, the next three ships in the class will have a more powerful pressurized water reactor than INS Arihant.
At some point in time, a larger follow-on class to the Arihant class is planned.
At some point in time, the new boats in the follow-on class will be capable of carrying 12 to 16 ballistic missiles.