At some point in time, The Amps were an American alternative-indie rock group.
At some point in time, The Amps were formed by Kim Deal in 1995.
At some point in time, Kim Deal formed The Amps after her band the Breeders went on hiatus.
At some point in time, The Amps consisted of Kim Deal, Luis Lerma, Nate Farley, and Jim Macpherson.
At some point in time, Kelley Deal was briefly involved with The Amps.
At some point in time, Kelley Deal had to leave The Amps due to drug problems.
At some point in time, Kim Deal started calling herself Tammy Ampersand for fun.
At some point in time, The group was initially named Tammy and the Amps.
At some point in time, The Amps recorded the album Pacer in Ireland and the United States.
At some point in time, Pacer was released in October 1995.
At some point in time, The Amps toured the United States, Europe, and Australia.
At some point in time, The Amps toured with bands including the Foo Fighters, Sonic Youth, and Guided by Voices.
At some point in time, Critics commented on the loose and rough quality of The Amps' performances.
At some point in time, The Amps continued as a group until 1996.
At some point in time, Kim Deal changed the name of The Amps back to the Breeders in 1996.
At some point in time, By 2000, Jim Macpherson, Luis Lerma, and Nate Farley had left the Breeders.
At some point in time, Jim Macpherson, Luis Lerma, and Nate Farley were all involved in various projects with Robert Pollard.
At some point in time, Kim Deal's next album, the Breeders' Title TK, was released seven years after Pacer.
At some point in time, From 1986 to 1992, Kim Deal was a member of the Pixies.
At some point in time, From 1989 onwards, Kim Deal was a member of the Breeders.
At some point in time, The Breeders released their second album, Last Splash, in August 1993.
At some point in time, Last Splash went platinum in the USA.
At some point in time, Last Splash went gold in Canada.
At some point in time, Last Splash went silver in the UK.
At some point in time, The other members of the Breeders at that time were Kelley Deal, Josephine Wiggs, and Jim Macpherson.
At some point in time, By late 1994, the Breeders band members were exhausted after two years of straight touring and recording.
At some point in time, The Breeders decided to take some time off in late 1994.
At some point in time, Kelley Deal was arrested on drug charges in late 1994.
At some point in time, Kelley Deal spent time in and out of rehabilitation.
At some point in time, Josephine Wiggs became involved in musical projects in New York.
At some point in time, Kim Deal was eager to continue recording and performing.
At some point in time, Kim Deal initially envisioned her next album as a solo record.
At some point in time, Kim Deal planned to play all of the instrument parts on her solo record.
At some point in time, Kim Deal asked Kelley Deal to play on some demos to distract her from drug difficulties.
At some point in time, Kelley Deal was involved in the project when Kim Deal decided not to go solo.
At some point in time, Kim Deal formed a new group instead of going solo.
At some point in time, Kim Deal recruited Jim Macpherson to play drums.
At some point in time, Kim Deal recruited Luis Lerma to play bass.
At some point in time, Kim Deal recruited Nate Farley to play guitar.
At some point in time, Kelley Deal dropped out of the project for rehabilitation.
At some point in time, Kelley Deal moved to Saint Paul, Minnesota.
At some point in time, Kim Deal began calling herself Tammy Ampersand for fun.
At some point in time, The group was later named simply The Amps.
At some point in time, The Amps released one album, Pacer.
At some point in time, Pacer was recorded at several different studios.
At some point in time, The first session for Pacer was at Easley Studios in Memphis, Tennessee.
At some point in time, Davis McCain and Doug Easley engineered the first session at Easley Studios.
At some point in time, Kim Deal recorded new songs at Easley Studios.
At some point in time, One of the songs recorded at Easley Studios became Pacer's single, "Tipp City."
At some point in time, Kim Deal's recording opportunity at Easley Studios came about while producing a planned record by Guided by Voices.
At some point in time, Guided by Voices abandoned work on their album.
At some point in time, Kim Deal used the leftover studio time at Easley Studios for her own songs.
At some point in time, Recording for Pacer continued at six other locations in total.
At some point in time, The other locations included studios in Chicago, Los Angeles, Dublin, and Dayton, Ohio.
At some point in time, Engineers Steve Albini, John Agnello, Bryce Goggin, and others helped record one or more of the sessions for Pacer.
At some point in time, Pacer came out in October 1995.
At some point in time, The Amps toured throughout 1995 and 1996.
At some point in time, The Amps performed early shows in June 1995 in Dayton.
At some point in time, One early show in Dayton was with Poster Children.
At some point in time, Another early show in Dayton was with Guided by Voices.
At some point in time, The Amps toured with Guided by Voices and Chavez in the United Kingdom in September.
At some point in time, The Amps played shows in cities such as London, Glasgow, and Sheffield in September.
At some point in time, The Amps played another show with Guided by Voices in Ohio in October.
At some point in time, The Amps performed a series of US concerts in October and November with Sonic Youth.
At some point in time, The Amps played shows in Detroit and Chicago with Helium.
At some point in time, The Amps played shows in Seattle and Portland with Bikini Kill.
At some point in time, The Amps played a show in Los Angeles with Mike Watt.
At some point in time, Following the concerts with Sonic Youth, The Amps toured Europe.
At some point in time, In January 1996, The Amps played the Summersault festival in Australia.
At some point in time, In 1996, The Amps toured with the Foo Fighters in the United States.
At some point in time, The Amps performed in locations such as Chicago, Worcester, Massachusetts, and Austin, Texas.
At some point in time, The Amps played with That Dog in Chicago.
At some point in time, The Amps played with Jawbreaker in Austin, Texas.
At some point in time, In 1995 or 1996, The Amps played shows with the Tasties and Brainiac.
At some point in time, Reviewers described live concerts by The Amps as unpolished and relaxed.
At some point in time, Drema Crist of The Chronicle praised The Amps' show at an unidentified location as "fun-spirited and silly."
At some point in time, Greg Kot of The Chicago Tribune described one of The Amps' performances in Chicago as "off-kilter."
At some point in time, Greg Kot wrote that "Kim Deal's pungent vocals were swallowed up by the guitars."
At some point in time, Greg Kot wrote that "the foursome's slight melodies were lost amid all the bashing."
At some point in time, A review in The Chicago Reader noted that "The Amps play with a low-key, hangout sound."
At some point in time, Matt Ashare of The Phoenix felt that at The Amps' December 1995 show in Boston, "The Amps didn't click in a way that would suggest that this was Kim Deal's new, full-time band."
At some point in time, Matt Ashare added that it was "an unpretentiously gritty way for Kim Deal to let off some steam while the Breeders took a little break."
At some point in time, Boston Rock characterized The Amps' concert as "sloppy" but "charming."
At some point in time, Boston Rock noted that The Amps' sound was "hanging loosely off Kim Deal's gruff vocals and ebullient personality."
At some point in time, In 1996, Kim Deal changed the name of the group back to the Breeders.
At some point in time, The Breeders had almost the same line-up as The Amps in 1996.
At some point in time, Kim Deal had been waiting for Josephine Wiggs and Kelley Deal to rejoin the Breeders.
At some point in time, Kim Deal wanted to record a new album with Josephine Wiggs and Kelley Deal.
At some point in time, Kim Deal held back from reforming the Breeders out of respect for Josephine Wiggs and Kelley Deal.
At some point in time, In May 1996, Josephine Wiggs revealed that she would not be involved in any immediate Breeders activity.
At some point in time, Kelley Deal chose to stay in Saint Paul to be close to her rehabilitation facility.
At some point in time, Kim Deal decided that she did not want to wait any longer to reform the Breeders.
At some point in time, The Breeders' repertoire was larger than The Amps' repertoire.
At some point in time, The larger repertoire allowed for longer concerts.
At some point in time, Kim Deal added violinist Carrie Bradley to the Breeders.
At some point in time, Carrie Bradley had played on the Breeders' Pod album.
At some point in time, Kim Deal, Jim Macpherson, Luis Lerma, and Nate Farley played some shows in 1996 with Primus.
At some point in time, By 1998, Kelley Deal had rejoined the Breeders.
At some point in time, Jim Macpherson had left the Breeders by 1998.
At some point in time, By 2000, Luis Lerma and Nate Farley had also left the Breeders.
At some point in time, The Breeders, with a line-up including Kim Deal, Kelley Deal, Mando Lopez, and Jose Medeles, released the album Title TK in 2002.
At some point in time, The Breeders released the album Mountain Battles in 2008.
At some point in time, Jim Macpherson was a member of Guided by Voices from 1998 to 2001.
At some point in time, Jim Macpherson participated in other projects with Robert Pollard until 2005.
At some point in time, Luis Lerma and Nate Farley have been members of the Tasties.
At some point in time, Luis Lerma and Nate Farley participated in Pollard's Lexo and the Leapers side project group in 1999.
At some point in time, Nate Farley was a member of Guided by Voices from 1999 to 2004.
At some point in time, In 2013, the Last Splash-era Breeders line-up reunited to tour.
At some point in time, The Last Splash-era Breeders line-up included Kim Deal, Kelley Deal, Jim Macpherson, and Josephine Wiggs.
At some point in time, The reunion tour celebrated the 20th anniversary of the Last Splash album.