At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a sparkplug lighthouse in Connecticut, United States.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is located off the southwest end of the Norwalk Islands.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is located in Long Island Sound.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is located near Norwalk, Connecticut.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is on the north side of the west end of Greens Ledge.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is west of Norwalk Harbor.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a mile south of the entrance to Five Mile River at Rowayton.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is just over a mile southwest of Sheffield Lighthouse.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse was completed in 1902.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse was constructed by the Philadelphia Construction Company.
At some point in time, the light of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is 52 feet (16 m) tall.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is made of five courses that make up its four stories.
At some point in time, the lantern of Greens Ledge Lighthouse measures 7 feet (2.1 m) in diameter.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse replaced the Sheffield Island Light.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse originally had a fifth-order Fresnel lens.
At some point in time, a fourth-order Fresnel lens was installed in May 1902.
At some point in time, the installation of the fourth-order Fresnel lens occurred three months into the operation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
Currently, a VRB-25 is in use at Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
At some point in time, the light of Greens Ledge Lighthouse has an alternating white and red flash every 24 seconds.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places on May 29, 1990.
At some point in time, the lighthouse was first formally proposed in the 1890s to mark Norwalk Harbor.
At some point in time, in 1899, the United States Congress appropriated $60,000 for the establishment of a light and fog signal at Greens Ledge.
At some point in time, in 1900, the Philadelphia Construction Company was contracted to construct the foundation and the superstructure of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
At some point in time, the design for the type of lighthouse used at Greens Ledge was first realized in 1873.
At some point in time, Major Eliiot of the Lighthouse Board created the design for the type of lighthouse used at Greens Ledge.
At some point in time, the foundation form of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is made of identical curved-iron plates.
At some point in time, the top inward-pointing flanges of the foundation form are bolted together and secured with knees.
At some point in time, the assembled rings of the foundation are lowered into the water.
At some point in time, the foundation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is filled with concrete.
At some point in time, concrete was used for the foundation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
At some point in time, a series of photographs from 1901 shows the assembly of the three lower courses at Wilson's Point.
At some point in time, the photographs from 1901 show the lowering of the cylinder and the light in the fall of 1901.
At some point in time, the lowering of the cylinder and the light occurred prior to a deposit of protective riprap.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse serves as a typical example of a sparkplug lighthouse.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is located in 10 feet (3.0 m) of water.
At some point in time, the foundation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse flares out to support the deck.
At some point in time, the foundation of Greens Ledge Lighthouse includes a cavity for the lighthouse's brick basement and cisterns.
At some point in time, the four-story structure of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is assembled from five courses of curved iron plates.
At some point in time, the interior of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is lined with brick.
At some point in time, the brick lining of Greens Ledge Lighthouse insulates and strengthens the tower.
At some point in time, the brick lining of Greens Ledge Lighthouse provides an anchorage for the winding cast-iron stairs.
At some point in time, the winding cast-iron stairs rise on the periphery of each story of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
At some point in time, historian Dorothy Templeton writes about the features of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
At some point in time, the brackets which support the watchroom gallery and covered deck have simplified classical detailing.
At some point in time, the rectilinear window sashes of Greens Ledge Lighthouse are enclosed in shallower, plainer cast-iron surrounds.
At some point in time, a deck encircles the light above the first story of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
At some point in time, the watchroom and lantern are located above the first story of Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
At some point in time, the original roofing of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is visible atop the riprap.
At some point in time, some cast-iron stanchions of the decks are visible atop the riprap.
At some point in time, the cast-iron door to Greens Ledge Lighthouse faces south.
At some point in time, at the time of nomination, the windows of Greens Ledge Lighthouse were sealed with plywood.
At some point in time, the first floor of Greens Ledge Lighthouse serves as the kitchen.
At some point in time, the second level of Greens Ledge Lighthouse has two rooms split by a partition.
At some point in time, the smaller room on the second level of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a bathroom.
At some point in time, the third level of Greens Ledge Lighthouse was not divided.
At some point in time, the third level of Greens Ledge Lighthouse did not have a description in the National Historic Register of Places survey.
At some point in time, the fourth floor of Greens Ledge Lighthouse has six porthole windows.
At some point in time, much of the woodwork on the fourth floor of Greens Ledge Lighthouse has been removed.
At some point in time, part of the cast-iron floor and brick wall on the fourth floor of Greens Ledge Lighthouse are exposed.
At some point in time, once active, the Sheffield Island Light was discontinued.
At some point in time, the light characteristic of Greens Ledge Lighthouse was a fixed white light with a red flash every 15 seconds.
At some point in time, in 1972, the light of Greens Ledge Lighthouse was automated.
At some point in time, the Fresnel lens of Greens Ledge Lighthouse was replaced with a modern optic in 1972.
At some point in time, the light of Greens Ledge Lighthouse continues to serve as an active aid to navigation.
At some point in time, in 1987, a FA-251 was installed before the current lens at Greens Ledge Lighthouse.
At some point in time, the current lens at Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a VRB-25.
At some point in time, the current light characteristic of Greens Ledge Lighthouse is an alternating white and red flash every 24 seconds.
At some point in time, the white and red flashes from Greens Ledge Lighthouse can be seen for 18 nautical miles.
At some point in time, the white and red flashes from Greens Ledge Lighthouse can be seen for 15 nautical miles.
At some point in time, during its service, the tower of Greens Ledge Lighthouse remained stable.
At some point in time, the keepers of Greens Ledge Lighthouse did not move the furniture to one side of the tower.
At some point in time, the problem of furniture movement in Greens Ledge Lighthouse was reported to have been exacerbated following the 1938 New England hurricane.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Greens Ledge Lighthouse on May 29, 1990.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse is listed as significant as a typical example of a pre-fabricated cast-iron conical lighttower on a cast-iron tubular foundation.
At some point in time, Greens Ledge Lighthouse served as a source of inspiration for Walter DuBois Richards, an artist, for over forty years.
At some point in time, since 1935, swimmers have been competing annually in the Arthur J. Ladrigan Swim Race.
At some point in time, the Arthur J. Ladrigan Swim Race is a one-mile (1.6 km) race from Greens Ledge Lighthouse to Bayley Beach in the Rowayton section of Norwalk.
At some point in time, the list of keepers of Greens Ledge Lighthouse includes known keepers.
At some point in time, the list of keepers of Greens Ledge Lighthouse excludes assistants and non-officers of the Coast Guard.