At some point in time, Central Area Command was one of several geographically based commands raised by the Royal Australian Air Force during World War II.
At some point in time, Central Area Command was formed in March 1940.
At some point in time, Central Area Command covered the central portion of New South Wales.
At some point in time, Central Area Command was headquartered at Sydney.
At some point in time, Central Area Command was primarily responsible for air defence.
At some point in time, Central Area Command was primarily responsible for aerial reconnaissance.
At some point in time, Central Area Command was primarily responsible for the protection of the sea lanes within its boundaries.
At some point in time, Central Area Command was expanded in August 1941.
At some point in time, control of Central Area Command's units was taken over by other RAAF formations in August 1941.
At some point in time, proposals in 1943 to raise a new Central Area Command did not come to fruition.
At some point in time, prior to World War II, the Royal Australian Air Force was small enough for all its elements to be directly controlled by RAAF Headquarters in Melbourne.
At some point in time, the RAAF began to implement a decentralised form of command after war broke out in September 1939.
At some point in time, the RAAF's initial move towards decentralisation was to create Nos. 1 and 2 Groups.
At some point in time, No. 1 Group controlled units in Victoria.
At some point in time, No. 2 Group controlled units in New South Wales.
At some point in time, between March 1940 and May 1941, the RAAF divided Australia and New Guinea into four geographically based command-and-control zones.
At some point in time, the four command-and-control zones were Central Area, Southern Area, Western Area, and Northern Area.
At some point in time, the roles of the area commands were air defence.
At some point in time, the roles of the area commands were protection of adjacent sea lanes.
At some point in time, the roles of the area commands were aerial reconnaissance.
At some point in time, each area command was led by an Air Officer Commanding responsible for the administration and operations of all air bases and units within his boundary.
At some point in time, No. 2 Group was established on 20 November 1939.
At some point in time, No. 2 Group was re-formed as Central Area on 7 March 1940.
At some point in time, Central Area Command was headquartered in Sydney.
At some point in time, Central Area Command was given control of all Air Force units in New South Wales except those in the southern Riverina and the north of the state.
At some point in time, units in Queensland were temporarily assigned to Central Area Command's control pending the formation of Northern Area.
At some point in time, Central Area's inaugural Air Officer Commanding was Air Commodore Adrian "King" Cole.
At some point in time, Air Commodore Adrian "King" Cole had also led No. 2 Group.
At some point in time, Central Area Command's senior air staff officer was Wing Commander Alan Charlesworth.
At some point in time, in May 1940, it was reported that Central Area Command's headquarters building would change from "Mont Loana" in Point Piper to the mansion "Kilmory" nearby.
At some point in time, Air Commodore Adrian "King" Cole handed over command of Central Area to Air Commodore Bill Anderson in December 1940.
At some point in time, by August 1941, the RAAF's expanding instructional program necessitated the establishment of overarching training organisations.
At some point in time, the overarching training organisations were established on a semi-functional, semi-geographical basis.
At some point in time, No. 2 (Training) Group was formed in Sydney.
At some point in time, No. 2 (Training) Group took responsibility for the training units then under Central Area.
At some point in time, Central Area was disbanded.
At some point in time, control of other Central Area units was divided as convenient according to the official history of the war.
At some point in time, control of other Central Area units was divided between Northern and Southern Area Commands.
At some point in time, the RAAF's area command structure was revised in 1942.
At some point in time, the RAAF's area command structure was revised following the outbreak of the Pacific War.
At some point in time, Northern Area was split into North-Eastern Area and North-Western Area.
At some point in time, a new command covering New South Wales and southern Queensland, Eastern Area, was created.
At some point in time, the creation of Eastern Area made a total of five commands.
At some point in time, in October 1943, the Air Board proposed carving a new Central Area Command out of Eastern Area.
At some point in time, Eastern Area was considered too large to be controlled by one headquarters.
At some point in time, Eastern Area was considered ripe for subdivision.
At some point in time, the new Central Area Command would have been responsible for training and operational units in southern Queensland.
At some point in time, the War Cabinet deferred its decision on the proposal for a new Central Area Command.
At some point in time, the concept of a new Central Area Command was raised again in August 1944.
At some point in time, the new Central Area Command was to control maintenance units.
At some point in time, the new Central Area Command was to control training and operations in southern Queensland.
At some point in time, nothing came of the proposal for the new Central Area Command.