At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood: The Wild, Untold Story of Ozploitation! is a 2008 Australian documentary film.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood documents the Australian New Wave of 1970s and '80s low-budget cinema.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley wrote and directed Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty Australian actors.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty American actors.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty British actors.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty directors.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty screenwriters.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley interviewed over eighty producers.
At some point in time, Quentin Tarantino is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Brian Trenchard-Smith is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Jamie Lee Curtis is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Dennis Hopper is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, George Lazenby is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, George Miller is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Barry Humphries is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Stacy Keach is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, John Seale is one of the interviewees in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley spent several years writing a detailed research document.
At some point in time, The detailed research document served as a script for Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood focuses on "Ozploitation" films.
At some point in time, Ozploitation films are mainly filled with sex, horror, and violence.
At some point in time, Critics and film historians considered Ozploitation films vulgar and offensive.
At some point in time, Ozploitation films were often excluded from Australia's official film history.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley approached Quentin Tarantino for help with the project.
At some point in time, Quentin Tarantino agreed to help get Not Quite Hollywood off the ground.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley spent an additional five years interviewing subjects.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley edited 250 hours of interviews and original stock footage.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood is a 100-minute film.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood premiered at the 2008 Melbourne International Film Festival.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood did not perform well at the box office upon its Australia-wide release.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood garnered universally positive reviews from critics.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood received a nomination for "Best Documentary" at the 2008 Australian Film Institute Awards.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood documents the revival of Australian cinema during the Australian New Wave of the 1970s and '80s.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Alvin Purple.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Barry McKenzie Holds His Own.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Dead-End Drive In.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Long Weekend.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Mad Max.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as The Man from Hong Kong.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Patrick.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Razorback.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Road Games.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Stork.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood includes B-movies such as Turkey Shoot.
At some point in time, From 1971 through to the late 1980s, Australian directors began to take advantage of the newly introduced R-rating.
At some point in time, The R-rating allowed more on-screen nudity for audiences restricted to age 18 and over.
At some point in time, The R-rating allowed more on-screen sex for audiences restricted to age 18 and over.
At some point in time, The R-rating allowed more on-screen violence for audiences restricted to age 18 and over.
At some point in time, Ozploitation was a subgenre of the New Wave.
At some point in time, Ozploitation films included gross-out comedies.
At some point in time, Ozploitation films included sex romps.
At some point in time, Ozploitation films included action and road movies.
At some point in time, Ozploitation films included teen films.
At some point in time, Ozploitation films included westerns.
At some point in time, Ozploitation films included thrillers.
At some point in time, Ozploitation films included horror films.
At some point in time, The film addresses three main categories of Ozploitation films: sex.
At some point in time, The film addresses three main categories of Ozploitation films: horror.
At some point in time, The film addresses three main categories of Ozploitation films: action.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley discovered many Ozploitation B-movies while watching late-night television as a child.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley was disappointed when Ozploitation B-movies were completely overlooked in books detailing Australian cinema.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley became an accomplished music video director.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley's interest in this era of Australian filmmaking grew.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley spent years researching a potential documentary film.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley was close to giving up on the project.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley sent a 100-page draft of the script to Quentin Tarantino.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley did not expect to receive a reply from Quentin Tarantino.
At some point in time, Quentin Tarantino was a longtime fan of Ozploitation films.
At some point in time, Quentin Tarantino dedicated his film Kill Bill to Brian Trenchard-Smith's work.
At some point in time, Quentin Tarantino replied to Mark Hartley the day after receiving the script.
At some point in time, Quentin Tarantino told Mark Hartley that he would do whatever he could to get the film made.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley traveled to Los Angeles, California to meet with Quentin Tarantino.
At some point in time, Quentin Tarantino agreed to sit for hours of interviews.
At some point in time, Quentin Tarantino was one of the film's most prominent interviewees.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley spent five years interviewing other actors.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley spent five years interviewing other directors.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley spent five years interviewing other screenwriters.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley spent five years interviewing other producers.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley collected original stock footage.
At some point in time, Mark Hartley cut 100 hours of interviews down into a 100-minute film.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood had its worldwide premiere at the Melbourne International Film Festival on 28 July 2008.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Australian Centre for the Moving Image.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood had its Australia-wide release on 28 August 2008.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood had its overseas premiere at the Toronto Film Festival on 7 September 2008.
At some point in time, Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for Canada.
At some point in time, Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for France.
At some point in time, Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for Russia.
At some point in time, Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for Germany.
At some point in time, Distribution rights for Not Quite Hollywood were secured for Benelux.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Austin International Film Festival in 2008.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Sitges International Film Festival in 2008.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Warsaw International Film Festival in 2008.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Helsinki International Film Festival in 2008.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood was screened at the Stockholm International Film Festival in 2008.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood featured at the London Film Festival on 25 October 2008.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood did not perform well at the box office upon its Australian release.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood took in a gross of A$108,330 on its first weekend.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood took in a gross of $31,995 on its second weekend.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood had a screen average of $681 on 47 screens.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood received positive reviews from critics overall.
At some point in time, Rotten Tomatoes reports that 94% of critics have given Not Quite Hollywood a positive review.
At some point in time, Rotten Tomatoes reports that Not Quite Hollywood is "Certified Fresh" based on 63 reviews.
At some point in time, Rotten Tomatoes reports that Not Quite Hollywood has an average score of 7.4 out of 10.
At some point in time, Margaret Pomeranz gave Not Quite Hollywood four out of five stars.
At some point in time, David Stratton gave Not Quite Hollywood three and a half out of five stars.
At some point in time, Margaret Pomeranz commended Mark Hartley for the depth of his research.
At some point in time, Margaret Pomeranz commended Mark Hartley for creating a wildly entertaining film experience.
At some point in time, Margaret Pomeranz claimed that Not Quite Hollywood is a blast for those who remember the films.
At some point in time, Sandra Hall gave Not Quite Hollywood three and a half out of five stars.
At some point in time, Sandra Hall believed that Mark Hartley's film is much livelier than most of those he is out to celebrate.
At some point in time, Jake Wilson gave Not Quite Hollywood three and a half stars.
At some point in time, Jake Wilson called Not Quite Hollywood basically a feature-length advertisement for its subject.
At some point in time, Jake Wilson said that Not Quite Hollywood moves far too rapidly to permit sustained analysis.
At some point in time, Des Partridge gave Not Quite Hollywood four and a half out of five stars.
At some point in time, Des Partridge disagreed with Jake Wilson's assessment of Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Des Partridge said that brisk editing means the history is lively and fun.
At some point in time, Des Partridge claimed that copies of Not Quite Hollywood should go straight to pool rooms all over Australia when it becomes available on DVD.
At some point in time, Luke Goodsell gave Not Quite Hollywood five out of five stars.
At some point in time, Luke Goodsell called Not Quite Hollywood fast, thrilling, and often ribald.
At some point in time, Leigh Paatsch wrote for the Herald Sun that there is not a single instant where boredom can possibly intrude in Not Quite Hollywood.
At some point in time, Leigh Paatsch dubbed Not Quite Hollywood an incredibly energetic and merrily messed-up celebration of Australian B-movies.
At some point in time, Edgar Wright named Not Quite Hollywood his fourth favorite film of 2008.
At some point in time, Edgar Wright called Not Quite Hollywood the best documentary ever.
At some point in time, Not Quite Hollywood grossed $186,986 at the box office in Australia.