At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" is from Mariah Carey's self-titled debut studio album released in 1990.
At some point in time, Columbia released "There 's Got to Be a Way" as the fifth and final single from the album in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" was one of four songs Mariah Carey wrote with Ric Wake during their first recording session together.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" was the only composition to make the final track listing.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" is a socio-political conscious R&B-pop song.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" addresses the existence of poverty, racism, and war in the world.
At some point in time, the song gradually becomes more aspirational and positive as it progresses.
At some point in time, the track garnered a mixed reception upon the album's release in 1990.
At some point in time, Mariah Carey's vocals were praised upon the album's release.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" was seen as too political.
At some point in time, an accompanying music video highlights social injustices.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" reached number 54 on the UK Singles Chart.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" was written by Mariah Carey and Ric Wake for Mariah Carey's self-titled debut studio album.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" was written during Mariah Carey and Ric Wake's first recording session together.
At some point in time, Mariah Carey and Ric Wake composed four songs during their first recording session together.
At some point in time, only "There 's Got to Be a Way" was chosen for the final track listing.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" was co-produced by Ric Wake and Narada Michael Walden.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" appears as the second of ten songs on the track listing.
At some point in time, the track was recorded and engineered by Bob Cadway at Cove City Sound Studios.
At some point in time, the track was recorded and engineered by Bob Cadway at The Power Station.
At some point in time, Cove City Sound Studios is located in New York City.
At some point in time, The Power Station is located in New York City.
At some point in time, Bob Cadway was assisted by Dana Jon Chappelle.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" was mixed by David Frazer at Tarpan Studios in San Rafael.
At some point in time, Louis Biancaniello carried out the keyboards, bass, and rhythm engineering for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
At some point in time, Joe Franco performed the percussion for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
At some point in time, Vernon "Ice" Black played the guitar for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
At some point in time, Rich Tancredo also performed on the keyboards for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
At some point in time, Walter Afanasieff played the synth horns for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
At some point in time, Mariah Carey provided her own background vocals for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
At some point in time, Billy T. Scott provided background vocals for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
At some point in time, Jamiliah Muhammed provided background vocals for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
At some point in time, The Billy T. Scott Ensemble provided background vocals for "There 's Got to Be a Way."
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" was released as the fifth and final single from the album in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" is available to purchase as a CD single.
At some point in time, the remixes of "There 's Got to Be a Way" are available on vinyl.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" is an R&B-pop music song with elements of gospel.
At some point in time, the theme of social activism can be heard in the lyrics "There’s got to be a way / to connect this world today."
At some point in time, the song begins with Mariah Carey publicly denouncing the existence of poverty and racism in the world.
At some point in time, Mariah Carey uses the bridge to shift the lyrics towards an uplifting and aspirational tone.
At some point in time, Mariah Carey suggests that people should be more tolerant of each other.
At some point in time, Mariah Carey suggests that people should not resort so readily to war.
At some point in time, Mariah Carey expresses the idea in the lyrics "Couldn't we accept each other / Can't we make ourselves aware."
At some point in time, music critic Robert Christgau felt that Mariah Carey was being too political in her "brave, young, idealistic attack" on war and destitution.
At some point in time, Ralph Novak, David Hiltbrand, and David Grogan of People wrote that it is a "testimony to her talent that she does so much with so little."
At some point in time, Ralph Novak, David Hiltbrand, and David Grogan of People wrote that Mariah Carey's "tone and clarity" makes "There 's Got to Be a Way" a "mesmerizing" track.
At some point in time, Trevor Anderson wrote a track-by-track review of Mariah Carey's album in June 2015.
At some point in time, Trevor Anderson noted that "There 's Got to Be a Way" follows the same melodic tone as the album's opener "Vision of Love."
At some point in time, Trevor Anderson highlighted the stark lyrical differences between "There 's Got to Be a Way" and "Vision of Love."
At some point in time, Trevor Anderson stated that "There 's Got to Be a Way" is about social activism.
At some point in time, Trevor Anderson stated that "Vision of Love" is about love.
At some point in time, Trevor Anderson praised Mariah Carey's vocals.
At some point in time, Trevor Anderson wrote that Mariah Carey "deploys" one of her best whistle notes of her career.
At some point in time, Trevor Anderson felt that "the aim for broad appeal comes at the expense of memorable lyrics."
At some point in time, the accompanying music video begins with a shot of an empty street.
At some point in time, the accompanying music video includes clips of disadvantaged and poorer members of society going about their daily activities.
At some point in time, two men play dominoes on a wooden crate outside a building in the music video.
At some point in time, a gang makes fun of an elderly man hanging newspapers outside his store in the music video.
At some point in time, an obese woman walks down the street in the music video.
At some point in time, the music video shows clips of Mariah Carey leaning against a wall.
At some point in time, the music video shows clips of Mariah Carey sitting on some steps looking on at what is happening.
At some point in time, as the first chorus begins in the music video, everyone starts to argue and fight in the street.
At some point in time, as the first chorus begins in the music video, people help those in need.
At some point in time, a gospel choir comes out of one of the buildings in the music video.
At some point in time, the street becomes more crowded with people of all ages and backgrounds rejoicing and getting along with each other in the music video.
At some point in time, one of the shops in the background of the music video has a neon light outside the entrance.
At some point in time, the neon light outside the entrance of one of the shops in the music video says "Jesus Saves."
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" has an original album version that is 4 minutes and 52 seconds long.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" has a 7" remix.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" has a 12" remix.
At some point in time, "There 's Got to Be a Way" has an Alternative Vocal Dub Mix.