At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was an armored cruiser of the Gloire class.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was built for the French Navy in the early 1900s.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was named in honor of Maximilien de Béthune.
At some point in time, Maximilien de Béthune was the Duke of Sully.
At some point in time, Maximilien de Béthune was a trusted minister of King Henry IV.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully struck a rock in Hạ Long Bay in 1905.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully struck a rock in Hạ Long Bay only eight months after she was completed.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was a total loss.
At some point in time, the Gloire-class ships were designed as enlarged and improved versions of the Gueydon-class armored cruisers.
At some point in time, Emile Bertin designed the Gloire-class ships.
At some point in time, the crew of the French cruiser Sully numbered 612 officers and men.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully measured 139.8 meters overall.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully had a beam of 20.2 meters.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully had a draft of 7.7 meters.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully displaced 10,014 metric tons.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully displaced 9,856 long tons.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully had three propeller shafts.
At some point in time, each propeller shaft of the French cruiser Sully was powered by one vertical triple-expansion steam engine.
At some point in time, the total indicated horsepower of the engines of the French cruiser Sully was rated at 20,500.
At some point in time, the total power of the engines of the French cruiser Sully was rated at 15,300 kW.
At some point in time, twenty-four Belleville water-tube boilers provided steam for the engines of the French cruiser Sully.
At some point in time, the designed speed of the French cruiser Sully was 21.5 knots.
At some point in time, the designed speed of the French cruiser Sully was 39.8 km/h.
At some point in time, the designed speed of the French cruiser Sully was 24.7 mph.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully carried up to 1,590 long tons of coal.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully could steam for 12,000 nautical miles.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully could steam for 22,000 km.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully could steam for 14,000 miles.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully could steam at a speed of 10 knots.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully could steam at a speed of 19 km/h.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully could steam at a speed of 12 mph.
At some point in time, the main armament of the French cruiser Sully consisted of two 194-millimeter 45-caliber guns.
At some point in time, the two 194-millimeter 45-caliber guns of the French cruiser Sully were mounted in single gun turrets fore and aft.
At some point in time, the intermediate armament of the French cruiser Sully consisted of eight 45-caliber Canon de 164 mm Modèle 1893 guns.
At some point in time, four of the eight 45-caliber Canon de 164 mm Modèle 1893 guns were in single gun turrets on the sides of the ship.
At some point in time, the other four of the eight 45-caliber Canon de 164 mm Modèle 1893 guns were in casemates.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully carried six 45-caliber 100-millimeter guns in casemates for anti-torpedo boat defense.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully carried eighteen 47-millimeter Hotchkiss guns.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was armed with five 450-millimeter torpedo tubes.
At some point in time, two of the five 450-millimeter torpedo tubes were submerged.
At some point in time, the other three of the five 450-millimeter torpedo tubes were above water.
At some point in time, the waterline armored belt of the Gloire-class ships was 170 millimeters thick amidships.
At some point in time, the waterline armored belt of the Gloire-class ships tapered to 106 millimeters towards the bow and stern.
At some point in time, above the main belt of the Gloire-class ships was another belt that was 127 millimeters thick.
At some point in time, the upper belt of the Gloire-class ships tapered to 106 millimeters at the ends of the ship.
At some point in time, the conning tower of the French cruiser Sully had armored sides 150 millimeters thick.
At some point in time, the main gun turrets of the French cruiser Sully were protected by 173 millimeters of armor.
At some point in time, the intermediate turrets of the French cruiser Sully were protected by 120 millimeters of armor.
At some point in time, the flat part of the lower armored deck of the French cruiser Sully was 45 millimeters thick.
At some point in time, the flat part of the lower armored deck of the French cruiser Sully increased to 64 millimeters as it sloped down to the sides of the ship.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was laid down at the Forges et Chantiers de la Méditerranée shipyard in La Seyne on 24 May 1899.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was launched on 4 June 1901.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was completed in June 1904.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was sent to French Indochina for her first commission.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was an armored cruiser of the Gueydon class.
At some point in time, on 7 February 1905, the French cruiser Sully struck a rock in Hạ Long Bay.
At some point in time, the crew of the French cruiser Sully was not injured.
At some point in time, the guns and equipment of the French cruiser Sully were salvaged.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully broke in two.
At some point in time, the French cruiser Sully was abandoned as a total loss.