At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" is the twelfth episode of the first season of the American comedy television series Up All Night.
At some point in time, the episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 12, 2012.
At some point in time, the episode was written by Erica Rivinoja.
At some point in time, the episode was directed by Beth McCarthy-Miller.
At some point in time, the episode featured a guest appearance from Jason Lee as Chris.
At some point in time, Jason Lee played Reagan's neighbor and Ava's boyfriend, Kevin.
At some point in time, during Reagan's (Christina Applegate) first New Year's Eve game night, Reagan's competitiveness comes out.
At some point in time, Reagan's competitiveness causes Chris (Will Arnett) to become embarrassed.
At some point in time, Missy (Jennifer Hall) brings an unexpected date along to the party.
At some point in time, Kevin (Jason Lee) starts to feel as though Ava (Maya Rudolph) may be ashamed of him.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" received mostly positive reviews from critics.
At some point in time, according to Nielsen Media Research, "New Year's Eve" drew 4.28 million viewers.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" received a 2.0 rating / 5% share in the 18-49 demographic.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" marked a 5% rise in the ratings from the previous episode, "First Christmas."
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" ranked third in its timeslot.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" was the second highest-rated NBC program of the night after The Office.
At some point in time, Reagan suggests that she and Chris throw a game night after not being able to find a babysitter for Amy.
At some point in time, Chris does not react well to Reagan's suggestion of throwing a game night.
At some point in time, Reagan and Chris invite Ava, Kevin, and Missy to the game night.
At some point in time, Chris attempts to hide the games due to Reagan's competitive nature.
At some point in time, Reagan's competitiveness causes Chris to become proud.
At some point in time, Chris tries to make Reagan promise that she won't be too competitive.
At some point in time, Reagan does not keep her promise, which makes the party awkward.
At some point in time, while playing Rock Band, Chris and Reagan get into a fight.
At some point in time, Chris loses the beat on the drums because he was looking at his "drumming arm."
At some point in time, Reagan decides to make a list of "Things We Are Going to Stop Doing That Embarrass Each Other in 2012."
At some point in time, the list features annoying habits that Reagan and Chris want each other to give up.
At some point in time, before 2011 ends, Reagan and Chris erase everything from the list except for Chris's Borat impression and Reagan's competitive nature.
At some point in time, Ava is asked to be the grand marshal of a New Year's Day parade.
At some point in time, Kevin feels like he can't live up to Ava's lifestyle.
At some point in time, Kevin starts thinking Ava may be ashamed of him.
At some point in time, Kevin is not invited to sit with Ava during the parade.
At some point in time, Kevin confronts Ava about his feelings.
At some point in time, Ava reveals that if she messes up their relationship, she does not want to be reminded of it while Googling her name.
At some point in time, Kevin assures Ava that their relationship won't end badly.
At some point in time, Reagan's competitiveness is a habit she wants to give up.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" was written by supervising producer Erica Rivinoja.
At some point in time, Erica Rivinoja has three writing credits for the series.
At some point in time, Beth McCarthy-Miller previously worked with creator Emily Spivey and executive producer Lorne Michaels on Saturday Night Live as director for 11 years.
At some point in time, the episode features a guest appearance from Jason Lee as Kevin.
At some point in time, Jason Lee first appeared in the eighth episode, "First Night Away."
At some point in time, Jason Lee is currently set to appear in a recurring role for the series.
At some point in time, Jason Lee previously worked with Spivey and Michaels after hosting an episode of Saturday Night Live on November 12, 2005.
At some point in time, this is the first time the series aired in the 9:30 pm timeslot for the first season after The Office.
At some point in time, the series previously aired in the 8:00 pm timeslot on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the series switched timeslots with another NBC comedy series, Whitney.
At some point in time, some media critics have said that the goal for moving the series was to make it more of a ratings success, like The Office.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 12, 2012.
At some point in time, the episode was viewed by an estimated 4.24 million viewers.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" received a 2.0 rating / 5% share among adults between the ages of 18 and 49.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" was seen by 2.0% of all 18- to 49-year-olds.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" was seen by 5% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast.
At some point in time, the episode finished third in its time slot along with The Office.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" was beaten by Grey's Anatomy, which received a 3.8 rating / 9% share in the 18-49 demographic.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" was beaten by the CBS drama Person of Interest, which received a 3.2 rating / 8% share in the 18-49 demographic.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" managed to beat the Fox drama series The Finder.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" managed to beat the CW drama series The Secret Circle.
At some point in time, with DVR viewers who viewed the episode within seven days of the original broadcast, "New Year's Eve" received a 3.0 rating in the 18-49 demographic.
At some point in time, the 3.0 rating added a 1.0 rating to the original viewership.
At some point in time, "New Year's Eve" received several positive reviews from critics.
At some point in time, New York writer Steven Heisler praised "New Year's Eve" for avoiding "sitcom-y territory" with the emotional ending.
At some point in time, Steven Heisler called the series a better choice to follow The Office than Whitney.
At some point in time, the A.V. Club reviewer Margaret Eby complimented the believability of the main Reagan-Chris plot.
At some point in time, Margaret Eby criticized the Ava-Kevin subplot, comparing it to a storyline from Sex and The City.
At some point in time, Margaret Eby noted that the plotline did not stay true to the characters following their plotline in the previous episode, "First Christmas."
At some point in time, Margaret Eby ultimately rated "New Year's Eve" with a B.
At some point in time, Adam Victavage of Paste called "New Year's Eve" a perfect transition from the previous episodes.
At some point in time, Adam Victavage stated that "New Year's Eve" allowed Ava to be "a loveable third wheel to a completely strong duo in Chris and Reagan."
At some point in time, Adam Victavage reacted positively to the scenes featuring Missy.
At some point in time, Adam Victavage compared Missy's scenes to "early Ava, but less obnoxious."
At some point in time, Adam Victavage ultimately gave "New Year's Eve" an 8.7/10, calling it "commendable."
At some point in time, Bradford Evans of SplitSider praised Jennifer Hall's performance, calling her the "unsung hero" of the series.
At some point in time, Bradford Evans reacted positively towards "New Year's Eve's" ability to unify the show.
At some point in time, Bradford Evans stated that "New Year's Eve" kept all of the characters on the same turf.
At some point in time, Bradford Evans concluded that he hoped the series could make itself a vital part of the network's lineup.
At some point in time, HitFix reviewer Alan Sepinwall called "New Year's Eve" "one of the series' strongest episodes to date."
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall wrote that the addition of Jason Lee humanized Ava more.
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall wrote that the addition of Jason Lee gave Ava a more natural reason to visit Reagan and Chris at home.
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall wrote that "New Year's Eve" worked on a "character level."