At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" is the fourteenth episode of the second season of 30 Rock.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" is the thirty-fifth episode overall of 30 Rock.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" was written by Robert Carlock.
At some point in time, Robert Carlock is one of the executive producers of the season.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" was written by Jack Burditt.
At some point in time, Jack Burditt is one of the co-executive producers of the season.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" was directed by Don Scardino.
At some point in time, Don Scardino is one of the producers of the season.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" first aired on May 1, 2008.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" first aired on the NBC network in the United States.
At some point in time, Bill Cwikowski guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, Brian Dennehy guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, Marceline Hugot guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, Johnnie May guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, Jason Sudeikis guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, Miriam Tolan guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, Rip Torn guest stars in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, Tina Fey earned the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series for her role in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" begins on the 30 Rock title sequence.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" does not have a cold open.
At some point in time, the episode features the annual TGS with Tracy Jordan Sandwich Day.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon receives a phone call from her ex-boyfriend Floyd.
At some point in time, Floyd asks Liz Lemon for a place to stay.
At some point in time, Floyd has come to visit New York on business.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon tries to win Floyd back.
At some point in time, Floyd lies to Liz Lemon about going home to Cleveland, Ohio.
At some point in time, Floyd eventually travels home.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon and Floyd agree to remain friends.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy is ousted from his office on the 52nd floor by Devon Banks.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy does not take well to his new job on the 12th floor.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy decides to move to Washington, D.C.
At some point in time, Jack Donaghy will be the new Homeland Security Director for Crisis and Weather Management.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" was primarily filmed on April 1, 2008.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" was the fourth episode written by Jack Burditt.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" was the seventh episode written by Robert Carlock.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" was the twelfth episode directed by Don Scardino.
At some point in time, Jason Sudeikis played Floyd in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, Jason Sudeikis has appeared in the main cast of Saturday Night Live.
At some point in time, Saturday Night Live is a weekly sketch comedy series.
At some point in time, Saturday Night Live airs on NBC in the United States.
At some point in time, Tina Fey was the head writer on Saturday Night Live from 1999 until 2006.
At some point in time, various cast members of Saturday Night Live have appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Rachel Dratch has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Fred Armisen has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Kristen Wiig has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Will Forte has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Jimmy Fallon has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Amy Poehler has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Will Ferrell has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Julia Louis-Dreyfus has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Bill Hader has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Tim Meadows has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Andy Samberg has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Chris Parnell has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Molly Shannon has appeared on 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Tina Fey has been part of the main cast of Saturday Night Live.
At some point in time, Tracy Morgan has been part of the main cast of Saturday Night Live.
At some point in time, Alec Baldwin has hosted Saturday Night Live sixteen times.
At some point in time, sixteen times is the highest number of episodes of any host of Saturday Night Live.
At some point in time, Johnnie May's appearance in "Sandwich Day" is her second appearance in 30 Rock.
At some point in time, Johnnie May previously appeared in the episode "Tracy Does Conan."
At some point in time, in "Tracy Does Conan," Johnnie May played a nurse who took Liz Lemon's blood for donation.
At some point in time, in "Sandwich Day," Johnnie May plays a screener.
At some point in time, the screener does not allow Liz Lemon past airport security.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon had her Sandwich Day sandwich with her.
At some point in time, the dipping sauce container held more than 3 ounces.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" brought in an average of 5.4 million viewers.
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" achieved a 2.6/7 in the key 18- to 49-year-old demographic.
At some point in time, the 2.6 refers to 2.6% of all 18- to 49-year-olds in the U.S.
At some point in time, the 7 refers to 7% of all 18- to 49-year-olds watching television at the time of the broadcast in the U.S.
At some point in time, Robert Canning of IGN wrote that "Sandwich Day" turned out to be an absolute winner.
At some point in time, Robert Canning concluded that "Sandwich Day" had relatable storylines and moments.
At some point in time, Liz Lemon tipped tables for her mac and cheese in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, an entire sandwich was eaten in real time in the airport security line in "Sandwich Day."
At some point in time, "Sandwich Day" was a definite highlight in the post-writers' strike season.
At some point in time, Erin Fox of TV Guide said that the minor story of "Sandwich Day" was probably the funniest.
At some point in time, Jeff Labrecque of Entertainment Weekly thought that "Sandwich Day" was nothing more than "eh."
At some point in time, Jeff Labrecque called "Sandwich Day" a weak link.