At some point in time, Zygoballus sexpunctatus is a species of jumping spider.
At some point in time, Zygoballus sexpunctatus occurs in the southeastern United States.
At some point in time, Zygoballus sexpunctatus can be found in a variety of grassy habitats.
At some point in time, adult Zygoballus sexpunctatus spiders measure between 3 and 4.5 mm in length.
At some point in time, the cephalothorax and abdomen of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are bronze to black in color.
At some point in time, the legs of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are reddish brown or yellowish.
At some point in time, the male Zygoballus sexpunctatus has distinctive enlarged chelicerae.
At some point in time, the male Zygoballus sexpunctatus has enlarged front femora.
At some point in time, male Zygoballus sexpunctatus exhibit ritualized courtship behavior.
At some point in time, male Zygoballus sexpunctatus exhibit agonistic behavior.
At some point in time, the specific name Zygoballus sexpunctatus is derived from the Latin word "sex" meaning "six".
At some point in time, the specific name Zygoballus sexpunctatus is derived from the Latin word "punctum" meaning "spot".
At some point in time, the specific name Zygoballus sexpunctatus references the six spots typically occurring on the abdomen of the male.
At some point in time, Nicholas Marcellus Hentz first described the species Zygoballus sexpunctatus in 1845.
At some point in time, Nicholas Marcellus Hentz published the description of Zygoballus sexpunctatus in the Boston Journal of Natural History.
At some point in time, Hentz originally named the species Attus sexpunctatus.
At some point in time, Hentz described Attus sexpunctatus as having a black cephalothorax.
At some point in time, Hentz described Attus sexpunctatus as having a wide and suddenly inclined cephalothorax.
At some point in time, Hentz described Attus sexpunctatus as having chelicerae with a strong inner tooth.
At some point in time, Hentz described Attus sexpunctatus as having a long, curved fang.
At some point in time, Hentz described Attus sexpunctatus as having an abdomen with six dots.
At some point in time, Hentz described Attus sexpunctatus as having white feet.
At some point in time, Hentz classified Attus sexpunctatus in the subgeneric group Pugnatoriae.
At some point in time, Pugnatoriae consisted of jumping spiders whose first pair of legs were the longest.
At some point in time, later entomologists abandoned the classification of Attus sexpunctatus in Pugnatoriae.
At some point in time, George and Elizabeth Peckham renamed the spider Zygoballus sexpunctatus in 1888.
At some point in time, specimens of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are housed at the Museum of Comparative Zoology.
At some point in time, specimens of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are housed at the British Museum.
At some point in time, specimens of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are housed at the Milwaukee Public Museum.
At some point in time, specimens of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are housed at the American Museum of Natural History.
At some point in time, specimens of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are housed at the Muséum National d'Histoire Naturelle.
No type specimens of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are known.
At some point in time, the genus Zygoballus contains approximately twenty species.
At some point in time, the species in the genus Zygoballus are distributed from the United States to Argentina.
At some point in time, Zygoballus is classified in the subfamily Dendryphantinae of the family Salticidae.
At some point in time, adult female Zygoballus sexpunctatus measure between 3.5 and 4.5 mm in body length.
At some point in time, adult male Zygoballus sexpunctatus measure between 3 and 3.5 mm in body length.
At some point in time, the Peckhams' earlier description gives a length of 3 mm for female Zygoballus sexpunctatus.
At some point in time, the Peckhams' earlier description gives a length of 3 to 4.5 mm for male Zygoballus sexpunctatus.
At some point in time, the cephalothorax of Zygoballus sexpunctatus is box-like in shape.
At some point in time, the cephalothorax of Zygoballus sexpunctatus is widest at the posterior lateral eyes.
At some point in time, numerous white or pale blue scales cover the clypeus of Zygoballus sexpunctatus.
At some point in time, the covering of scales on Zygoballus sexpunctatus extends around the sides of the carapace.
At some point in time, the covering of scales on Zygoballus sexpunctatus ends beyond the posterior median eyes.
At some point in time, in male Zygoballus sexpunctatus, the labium is two-fifths as long as the maxillae.
At some point in time, in male Zygoballus sexpunctatus, the labium is as wide as it is long.
At some point in time, the chelicerae of male Zygoballus sexpunctatus are greatly enlarged.
At some point in time, the chelicerae of male Zygoballus sexpunctatus are obliquely oriented.
At some point in time, each chelicera of male Zygoballus sexpunctatus has a prominent inner tooth.
At some point in time, each chelicera of male Zygoballus sexpunctatus has a long, curved fang.
At some point in time, the legs of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are reddish brown or sometimes yellowish.
At some point in time, the femora of the anterior pair of legs in male Zygoballus sexpunctatus are darker and enlarged.
At some point in time, the anterior legs of Zygoballus sexpunctatus have three pairs of long spines on the ventral surface of the tibia.
At some point in time, the anterior legs of Zygoballus sexpunctatus have two pairs of spines on the metatarsus.
At some point in time, the Peckhams give the following measurements for the lengths of the legs of a male Zygoballus sexpunctatus: 3.7 mm for the anterior pair, 2.2 mm for the second pair, 2 mm for the third pair, and 3 mm for the fourth pair.
At some point in time, in female Zygoballus sexpunctatus, the fourth pair of legs are the longest.
At some point in time, the pedipalp in male Zygoballus sexpunctatus has a single tibial apophysis.
At some point in time, the tibial apophysis in male Zygoballus sexpunctatus tapers gradually.
At some point in time, the abdomen of Zygoballus sexpunctatus is bronze to black.
At some point in time, the abdomen of Zygoballus sexpunctatus has a white basal band.
At some point in time, the abdomen of Zygoballus sexpunctatus has two white transverse bands.
At some point in time, the transverse bands on the abdomen of Zygoballus sexpunctatus are often broken to form six spots.
At some point in time, some or all of the spots on the abdomen of Zygoballus sexpunctatus may be lacking.
At some point in time, Zygoballus sexpunctatus is similar in appearance to Zygoballus rufipes.
At some point in time, the range of Zygoballus sexpunctatus overlaps with the range of Zygoballus rufipes.
At some point in time, the male Zygoballus sexpunctatus can be distinguished from Zygoballus rufipes by the large spot of white scales at the beginning of the thoracic slope.
At some point in time, the large spot of white scales at the beginning of the thoracic slope is lacking in Zygoballus rufipes.
At some point in time, the male Zygoballus sexpunctatus can be distinguished from Zygoballus rufipes by the longitudinal division present on the bulb of the pedipalp.
At some point in time, Zygoballus rufipes has a transverse division on the bulb of the pedipalp.
At some point in time, the female Zygoballus sexpunctatus can be distinguished by the form of the epigyne.
At some point in time, the range of Zygoballus sexpunctatus extends from New Jersey to Florida.
At some point in time, the range of Zygoballus sexpunctatus extends west to Texas.
At some point in time, Zygoballus sexpunctatus is most commonly found in the southern states.
At some point in time, Nicholas Marcellus Hentz collected his original specimen of Zygoballus sexpunctatus in North Carolina.
At some point in time, the Peckhams reported in 1909 that Zygoballus sexpunctatus had been collected from North Carolina.
At some point in time, the Peckhams reported in 1909 that Zygoballus sexpunctatus had been collected from Florida.
At some point in time, the Peckhams reported in 1909 that Zygoballus sexpunctatus had been collected from Texas.
At some point in time, the Peckhams reported in 1909 that Zygoballus sexpunctatus had been collected from Louisiana.
At some point in time, the Peckhams reported in 1909 that Zygoballus sexpunctatus had been collected from Mississippi.
At some point in time, a seven-year survey of spider species in western Mississippi reported the abundance of Zygoballus sexpunctatus as "uncommon."
At some point in time, a one-year survey in Alachua County, Florida reported Zygoballus sexpunctatus as "rare."
At some point in time, specimens of Zygoballus sexpunctatus have been collected from several ecosystems.
At some point in time, the ecosystems from which Zygoballus sexpunctatus has been collected include old fields.
At some point in time, the ecosystems from which Zygoballus sexpunctatus has been collected include river terrace forests.
At some point in time, the ecosystems from which Zygoballus sexpunctatus has been collected include flatwoods.
At some point in time, the ecosystems from which Zygoballus sexpunctatus has been collected include Florida Sand Pine scrub.
At some point in time, the ecosystems from which Zygoballus sexpunctatus has been collected include Slash Pine forests.
At some point in time, the ecosystems from which Zygoballus sexpunctatus has been collected include Appalachian grass balds.
At some point in time, the ecosystems from which Zygoballus sexpunctatus has been collected include rice fields.
At some point in time, Robert and Betty Barnes reported Zygoballus sexpunctatus as occurring in broomsedge fields throughout the southeastern Piedmont.
At some point in time, Zygoballus sexpunctatus is typically found in the herb stratum.
At some point in time, Zygoballus sexpunctatus is typically found among grasses and other short plants.
At some point in time, Zygoballus sexpunctatus may be collected with a sweep net.
At some point in time, male Zygoballus sexpunctatus spiders are known to exhibit elaborate courtship displays.
At some point in time, a male Zygoballus sexpunctatus typically hides its first pair of legs when approaching a female.
At some point in time, a male Zygoballus sexpunctatus typically remains still when approaching a female.
At some point in time, if the female Zygoballus sexpunctatus is receptive, it will often vibrate its abdomen.
At some point in time, the specific patterns of courtship behavior in Zygoballus sexpunctatus vary between individuals.
At some point in time, male Zygoballus sexpunctatus exhibit ritualized agonistic behavior when encountering other males of the same species.
At some point in time, the agonistic behavior of male Zygoballus sexpunctatus may include raising and spreading the first pair of legs.
At some point in time, the agonistic behavior of male Zygoballus sexpunctatus may include vibrating the abdomen.
At some point in time, during agonistic display, male Zygoballus sexpunctatus will extend their pedipalps.
At some point in time, during agonistic display, male Zygoballus sexpunctatus will extend their fangs.
At some point in time, lethal attacks between male Zygoballus sexpunctatus appear to be rare.
At some point in time, Zygoballus sexpunctatus is an opportunistic feeder.
At some point in time, Zygoball