At some point in time, the Type 94 Nambu 8 mm Pistol is a semiautomatic pistol developed by Kijirō Nambu and his associates for the Imperial Japanese Army.
At some point in time, development of the Type 94 pistol began in 1929.
At some point in time, the final prototype of the Type 94 pistol was tested and officially adopted by the Japanese Army in late 1934.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol entered production in 1935.
At some point in time, approximately 71,000 Type 94 pistols were manufactured before production ended in 1945.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol was designed for Japanese tank and aircraft crews.
At some point in time, Japanese tank and aircraft crews preferred a larger, heavier design.
At some point in time, Japanese weapons experts have criticized some design elements of the Type 94 pistol.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol could be fired unintentionally before the breech was fully locked if the sear bar was jarred loose.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol could be fired unintentionally if the pistol was improperly handled.
At some point in time, the process to disassemble the Type 94 pistol is overly complex and awkward.
At some point in time, the build quality of the Type 94 pistol declined over its production run.
At some point in time, "last ditch" pistols made in 1945 were crudely manufactured.
At some point in time, the Type 94 Nambu pistol was designed by Kojiro Nambu.
At some point in time, Kojiro Nambu retired from the Japanese Army before designing the Type 94 Nambu pistol.
At some point in time, Kojiro Nambu founded the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company.
At some point in time, design for the Type 94 Nambu pistol commenced in 1929 with the goal of reducing the bulk and price of previous Nambu designs.
At some point in time, the Imperial Japanese Army felt a smaller pistol of domestic design was needed.
At some point in time, the smaller pistol needed to accommodate the standard 8 × 22mm Nambu cartridge.
At some point in time, the Type 14 Nambu was the only official military pistol before the Type 94.
At some point in time, the demand for officer's handguns increased as a result of Japan's invasion of Manchuria.
At some point in time, a new design was wanted by the Japanese Army to include a magazine safety.
At some point in time, the magazine safety was intended to prevent unintentional discharges during cleaning.
At some point in time, unintentional discharges during cleaning were common among Japanese personnel.
At some point in time, the naming of the Type 94 pistol reflects a change in Japanese nomenclature.
At some point in time, the number 94 in the Type 94 pistol reckons back to the mythical foundation of Japan in 660 BC.
At some point in time, the year 2594 corresponds to the year 1934 in the Japanese calendar.
At some point in time, the final prototype for the Type 94 was officially adopted by the Japanese Army in late 1934.
At some point in time, production of the Type 94 pistol began under the supervision of the Nagoya Army Arsenal.
At some point in time, the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company supervised the production of the Type 94 pistol.
At some point in time, Chuo Kogyo Company, Ltd. was the successor to the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company.
At some point in time, an estimated 71,000 Type 94 pistols were produced for the military.
At some point in time, the exact quantity of Type 94 pistols produced is unknown.
At some point in time, the production of unserialized pistols and undated pistols complicates the exact quantity.
At some point in time, during World War II, the Type 94 pistol became a preferred weapon for tank crews and paratroopers.
At some point in time, tank crews and paratroopers required a smaller, more convenient pistol.
At some point in time, the Type 94 was never officially adopted by the Imperial Japanese Navy.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol was available to officers through the Japanese officer's union.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol is operated by a different mechanism than previous Japanese sidearms.
At some point in time, the Type 94 operates with a concealed hammer.
At some point in time, the Type 94 operates with a firing pin rather than a hammer.
At some point in time, the firing pin of the Type 94 is inherently weak.
At some point in time, the firing pin of the Type 94 is prone to breakage.
At some point in time, the firing pin is prone to breaking at a recess cut provided for the crossbolt.
At some point in time, the sturdier hammer firing mechanism was developed for the Type 94.
At some point in time, the sturdier hammer firing mechanism replaced the poor striker on the Type 14 Nambu.
At some point in time, the locking system of the Type 94 is a rising-block type.
At some point in time, the locking system of the Type 94 floats independently between the lugs underneath the chamber end of the barrel.
At some point in time, the single coil mainspring of the Type 94 is positioned around the barrel.
At some point in time, the single coil mainspring is positioned around the barrel instead of to the rear of the barrel.
At some point in time, the grip of the Type 94 is smaller than other Japanese pistols.
At some point in time, the grip of the Type 94 is finished with smooth wood.
At some point in time, the grip of the Type 94 is more comfortable for use by men with smaller hands.
At some point in time, the magazine of the Type 94 holds a maximum of six rounds.
At some point in time, the magazine of the Type 94 is considered difficult to reload.
At some point in time, pressure from the bolt holds the magazine inside the Type 94 pistol.
At some point in time, the magazine catch of the Type 94 protrudes far enough to occasionally disengage.
At some point in time, the magazine catch can disengage when the Type 94 pistol is placed on its left side on a hard surface.
At some point in time, the magazine catch can disengage if squeezed into or jarred in a holster.
At some point in time, the manual safety lever of the Type 94 is located on the left rear of the frame.
At some point in time, the manual safety lever has the kanji for fire and safe stamped onto the frame.
At some point in time, the front blade sight on the Type 94 pistol was occasionally inaccurately positioned.
At some point in time, the rear fixed V sight on the Type 94 pistol was occasionally inaccurately positioned.
At some point in time, inaccurately positioned sights made the Type 94 pistol useless when being aimed.
At some point in time, the rear sight of the Type 94 was reduced from a U-shape to a simple notch in 1944.
At some point in time, the front blade sight of the Type 94 was left unchanged in 1944.
At some point in time, less attention to detail was applied to the Type 94 pistol as World War II progressed.
At some point in time, the quality of Type 94 Nambu pistols decreased towards the end of World War II.
At some point in time, the Japanese faced bombing raids from allied forces towards the end of World War II.
At some point in time, material shortages increased towards the end of World War II.
At some point in time, all quality standards appeared to disappear towards the end of June 1945.
At some point in time, the smooth wooden finished grip of the Type 94 was replaced by a bakelite checkered pattern.
At some point in time, many Type 94 pistols were not serialized.
At some point in time, no Type 94 pistols have been reported that bear a July 1945 manufacture date.
At some point in time, only four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols are known to exist.
At some point in time, the four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols include mismatch parts.
At some point in time, the four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols have no inspection marks.
At some point in time, the four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols have no lanyard loops.
At some point in time, the four unserialized and undated Type 94 pistols have no extractors.
At some point in time, a small number of Type 94 pistols made during the final production stages include earlier production dates.
At some point in time, the small number of Type 94 pistols made during the final production stages appear to have been salvaged from previously discarded pistols.
At some point in time, the previously discarded pistols had minor or cosmetic defects.
At some point in time, disassembly of the Type 94 Nambu pistol is considered difficult.
At some point in time, disassembly of the Type 94 Nambu pistol can lead to damage to the pistol if done carelessly.
At some point in time, after clearing the Type 94 pistol, the operator must draw the slide against the magazine follower.
At some point in time, drawing the slide against the magazine follower holds the bolt to the rear of the Type 94 pistol.
At some point in time, holding the bolt to the rear of the Type 94 pistol allows the crossbolt to be released.
At some point in time, the crossbolt can be released after the firing pin is depressed.
At some point in time, removal of the crossbolt without depressing the firing pin will damage both the firing pin and the crossbolt.
At some point in time, removing the crossbolt is complicated as the disassembler's hands are both holding the pistol and depressing the firing pin.
At some point in time, holsters for the Type 94 pistol were generally made from either pigskin or cowhide leather.
At some point in time, holsters for the Type 94 pistol ranged in color from tan to dark reddish brown.
At some point in time, holsters faced the same degradation in quality as the Type 94 pistol.
At some point in time, as supplies of leather were exhausted in Japan, holsters manufactured in 1944 became fabricated from olive drab fabric.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol holster is distinguishable from other Japanese holsters.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol holster has a pointed closure flap.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol holster has a vertically positioned magazine pouch.
At some point in time, the magazine pouch of the Type 94 pistol holster has a narrow extension to accommodate a cleaning rod.
At some point in time, the majority of holsters for the Type 94 pistol were made in civilian-owned tanneries.
At some point in time, some holsters for the Type 94 pistol are ink stamped with arsenal and inspection marks.
At some point in time, a belt loop is provided on the rear of the Type 94 pistol holster.
At some point in time, two shoulder strap "D" rings are provided on the rear of the Type 94 pistol holster.
At some point in time, the shoulder strap "D" rings are made from brass, galvanized steel, or nickel plating.
At some point in time, the poor design of the breech allowed the Type 94 Nambu to be fired unintentionally.
At some point in time, the sear bar on the Type 94 Nambu converts the forward pull of the trigger into a lateral movement.
At some point in time, the lateral movement of the sear bar frees the hammer.
At some point in time, the sear bar is on the outside of the Type 94 pistol.
At some point in time, the sear bar could be jarred loose during engagement if the Type 94 pistol was cocked and handled carelessly.
At some point in time, the forward end of the sear bar would need to be depressed approximately 2mm to cause the Type 94 pistol to fire.
At some point in time, the ability to fire the Type 94 without pulling the trigger gave rise to war stories of Japanese soldiers surrendering.
At some point in time, the war stories included Japanese soldiers firing the Type 94 pistol after surrendering.
At some point in time, the Type 94 pistol earned monikers such as the "suicide special" and the "surrender pistol."
At some point in time, the war stories of Japanese soldiers firing the Type 94 pistol are widely discredited.
At some point in time, the difficulty to fire the Type 94 pistol by squeezing the sear bar contributes to the discrediting of the war stories.
If the safety is engaged on the Type 94, it is impossible for the weapon to discharge unintentionally.