At some point in time, No. 79 Wing was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) wing of World War II.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing was formed in December 1943 at Batchelor, Northern Territory.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing was part of North-Western Area Command.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing was led by Group Captain Charles Eaton.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing comprised four squadrons at its establishment.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing flew Beaufort bombers.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing flew B-25 Mitchell bombers.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing flew Beaufighter heavy fighters.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing took part in the New Guinea Campaign during 1944-45.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing took part in the North-Western Area Campaign during 1944-45.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing eventually transferred to Balikpapan in the Dutch East Indies.
At some point in time, the Allies advanced northward during World War II.
At some point in time, by the end of the Pacific War, No. 79 Wing was attached to the Australian First Tactical Air Force.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing was made up of Nos. 2 and 18 Squadrons.
At some point in time, Nos. 2 and 18 Squadrons flew Mitchells.
At some point in time, No. 18 Squadron transferred to the Netherlands Air Force in late 1945.
At some point in time, No. 2 Squadron returned to Australia.
At some point in time, No. 2 Squadron disbanded the following year.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing Headquarters disbanded in October 1945.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing was established at Batchelor, Northern Territory, on 30 November 1943.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing was formed in December 1943 at Sydney, New South Wales.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing's combat units consisted of Nos. 1 and 2 Squadrons.
At some point in time, Nos. 1 and 2 Squadrons flew Beaufort light reconnaissance bombers.
At some point in time, No. 31 Squadron flew Beaufighter long-range fighters.
At some point in time, No. 18 Squadron flew B-25 Mitchell medium bombers.
At some point in time, Group Captain Charles Eaton commanded No. 79 Wing.
At some point in time, Dutch personnel called Group Captain Charles Eaton "Oom Charles."
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing operated under the auspices of North-Western Area Command (NWA).
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing participated in the New Guinea Campaign during 1944.
At some point in time, the Beaufighters attacked Japanese shipping through March-April 1944.
At some point in time, the Mitchells and Beauforts bombed Timor on a daily basis as a prelude to Operations Reckless and Persecution.
At some point in time, Operations Reckless and Persecution were the invasions of Hollandia and Aitape.
At some point in time, Group Captain Charles Eaton organized a large raid against Su, Dutch Timor, on 19 April.
At some point in time, the raid on Su consisted of thirty-five Mitchells, Beauforts, and Beaufighters.
At some point in time, the raid on Su destroyed the town's barracks and fuel dumps.
At some point in time, the raid on Su earned the personal congratulations of Air Vice Marshal "King" Cole.
At some point in time, on 22 April, the day of the Allied landings, the Mitchells and Beaufighters made a daylight raid on Dili, Portuguese Timor.
At some point in time, the ground assault on Hollandia-Aitape met little opposition.
At some point in time, the air bombardment leading up to the ground assault on Hollandia-Aitape was credited for the little opposition.
At some point in time, in May 1944, Nos. 1, 18, and 31 Squadrons attacked Japanese positions in Timor.
At some point in time, No. 2 Squadron was withdrawn from combat to re-equip with Mitchells.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing's light and medium bombers suffered from a lack of suitable targets.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing had few airfields in forward areas from which to refuel.
At some point in time, No. 2 Squadron returned to operations with Mitchells in June.
At some point in time, in June, No. 18 Squadron flew 149 sorties.
At some point in time, No. 18 Squadron damaged Japanese airfields and shipping in the Timor area.
At some point in time, No. 18 Squadron lost its commanding officer to anti-aircraft fire during a raid.
At some point in time, in June-July 1944, No. 79 Wing supported the Allied attack on Noemfoor.
At some point in time, No. 18 Squadron was again the wing's most active unit in June-July 1944.
At some point in time, No. 18 Squadron flew 107 sorties in June-July 1944.
At some point in time, in September, the Beaufighters and Mitchells attacked Japanese shipping and infrastructure in Ceram and Celebes.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing lost nine aircraft in September.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing lost twenty-six crewmen killed in September.
At some point in time, Squadron Leader Wilbur Wackett was among the crewmen killed in September.
At some point in time, Wilbur Wackett was the son of Commonwealth Aircraft Corporation manager Lawrence Wackett.
At some point in time, by the end of September, Mitchell missions were put on hold.
At some point in time, Mitchell missions were put on hold while replacement crews were trained.
At some point in time, in late 1944, plans were made to transfer No. 79 Wing from North-Western Area Command to Northern Command in Papua New Guinea.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing was to undertake operations against the Japanese in New Britain.
At some point in time, the wing's composition for the move was to be Nos. 2 and 18 Squadrons.
At some point in time, Nos. 2 and 18 Squadrons were to operate Mitchells.
At some point in time, No. 120 Squadron was to operate P-40 Kittyhawks.
At some point in time, No. 31 Squadron was transferred from No. 79 Wing to the Australian First Tactical Air Force at Morotai in December.
At some point in time, Group Captain Charles Eaton was posted out in December.
At some point in time, Group Captain John Ryland replaced Group Captain Charles Eaton.
At some point in time, weather hampered No. 79 Wing's activities in January 1945.
At some point in time, No. 1 Squadron was withdrawn to Queensland to re-equip with Mosquitos.
At some point in time, No. 13 Squadron, flying Venturas, took up the slack on anti-shipping missions.
At some point in time, No. 13 Squadron accounted for around half of the thirty-eight enemy vessels sunk by No. 79 Wing in February.
At some point in time, No. 13 Squadron accounted for a similar ratio to the twenty enemy vessels sunk the following month.
At some point in time, wing operations were cut back in March.
At some point in time, preparations were made to transfer the Mitchells to Jacquinot Bay in New Britain in March.
At some point in time, on 6 April, all twenty available aircraft of Nos. 2 and 18 Squadrons were ordered to join B-24 Liberators of No. 82 Wing.
At some point in time, the assault on a Japanese convoy included the cruiser Isuzu.
At some point in time, the Liberators were late for their rendezvous with the Mitchells off Sumba.
At some point in time, the Mitchells attacked the convoy at the very limit of their range.
At some point in time, the Mitchells claimed two direct hits without loss.
At some point in time, the Mitchells faced anti-aircraft fire from the cruiser and other ships.
At some point in time, the Mitchells faced frontal attacks by enemy fighters.
At some point in time, Allied submarines sank the damaged Isuzu the next day.
At some point in time, the wing's proposed move to New Britain was cancelled in May 1945.
At some point in time, the Netherlands government requested that its squadrons operate over the Dutch East Indies.
At some point in time, No. 120 Squadron was transferred to Biak.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing and its two Mitchell squadrons were ordered to move to Borneo.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing was under the command of First Tactical Air Force in Borneo.
At some point in time, by July, No. 79 Wing had relocated from Batchelor to Balikpapan.
At some point in time, No. 13 Squadron was left under the control of North-Western Area Command.
At some point in time, after the Pacific War ended in August 1945, the Mitchells joined Liberators of No. 82 Wing.
At some point in time, the Mitchells repatriated RAAF personnel from Borneo to Australia.
At some point in time, No. 79 Wing Headquarters was disbanded on 8 October.
At some point in time, in November, No. 18 Squadron was reassigned to the Netherlands Air Force.
At some point in time, No. 2 Squadron returned to Australia in December.
At some point in time, No. 2 Squadron disbanded in mid-1946.
At some point in time, No. 2 Squadron and No. 18 Squadron were the only two squadrons in the RAAF to operate Mitchells during the war.