At some point in time, Raymond Domenech has omitted striker David Trezeguet from his squad for the friendly against Morocco.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech has omitted striker David Trezeguet from his squad for the Euro 2008 qualifier against Ukraine.
At some point in time, David Trezeguet has scored 10 goals in 11 Serie A matches for Juventus this season.
At some point in time, David Trezeguet has scored two hat-tricks for Juventus this season.
At some point in time, David Trezeguet has failed to win his way back into the 24-man party for France.
At some point in time, David Trezeguet last played for France in the 1-0 home defeat by Scotland in September.
At some point in time, David Trezeguet was furious after being dropped for the games against Lithuania and the Faroe Islands.
At some point in time, David Trezeguet played no part as Raymond Domenech's team overtook Scotland at the top of Group B.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech said that David Trezeguet is having a great start to the season with Juventus.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech stated that David Trezeguet is in competition for a place in the squad.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech hopes that David Trezeguet will help Juventus win the Italian league title.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech hopes that David Trezeguet will be at Euro 2008 with France.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech hopes that David Trezeguet will find his form again for France.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech has included young Lyon forward Hatem Ben Arfa in the squad.
At some point in time, Hatem Ben Arfa made his debut as a substitute against the Faroe Islands.
At some point in time, Hatem Ben Arfa scored the final goal in a 6-0 victory against the Faroe Islands.
At some point in time, Karim Benzema is included in the squad alongside Hatem Ben Arfa.
At some point in time, Nicholas Anelka is included in the squad despite still recovering from an injury.
At some point in time, Patrick Vieira is ruled out due to injury.
At some point in time, Patrick Vieira will join up with the squad despite being ruled out due to injury.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech stated that a player of Patrick Vieira's dimension is going to be missed.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech stated that the team has to accept Patrick Vieira's absence and get on with it.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech stated that Patrick Vieira should be coming to see the team because he is a leader.
At some point in time, Raymond Domenech stated that Patrick Vieira is the captain of the team.
At some point in time, France will face Morocco on November 16.
At some point in time, France will travel to Ukraine on November 21.
At some point in time, France will qualify for the finals if Italy beats Scotland at Hampden on November 17.
At some point in time, if the Glasgow game ends in a draw, France will need at least a point in Kiev to qualify for the finals.
At some point in time, the France squad includes goalkeepers M Landreau, S Frey, and U Rame.
At some point in time, the France squad includes defenders E Abidal, P Evra, W Gallas, B Sagna, L Thuram, S Squillaci, and F Clerc.
At some point in time, the France squad includes midfielders A Diarra, L Diarra, M Flamini, C Makelele, J Rothen, J Toulalan, and S Nasri.
At some point in time, the France squad includes strikers N Anelka, H Ben Arfa, K Benzema, S Govou, T Henry, F Malouda, and F Ribery.