At some point in time, the garbage crisis in Naples encompasses mismanagement, political interference, mafia profiteering, and the ability of those responsible to deflect attention and blame elsewhere.
At some point in time, Naples has had problems in finding sites for municipal dumps.
At some point in time, workers have stopped collecting trash in Naples.
At some point in time, there is a popular saying in Naples that everybody is competent enough to find a solution.
At some point in time, there is a popular saying in Naples that nobody is responsible for actually carrying out a solution.
At some point in time, in many parts of the world, waste disposal is a business.
At some point in time, in many parts of the world, waste disposal is usually a good business.
At some point in time, garbage can be transformed into various sources of energy.
At some point in time, garbage can be sold for a profit.
At some point in time, in Naples, garbage is also good business in the sense that millions, if not billions, of euros have been wasted.
At some point in time, nobody really knows how the millions, if not billions, of euros have been wasted in Naples.
At some point in time, the problem of garbage in Naples is as old and ugly as rotten trash.
At some point in time, the region's dumps reached full capacity more than a decade ago.
At some point in time, a state of emergency has been declared every year since the dumps reached full capacity.
At some point in time, eight different commissioners have been appointed to solve the garbage problem in Naples.
At some point in time, all eight different commissioners have failed to solve the garbage problem in Naples.
At some point in time, a state of emergency means government money.
At some point in time, €1.8 billion in emergency funds have been devolved to deal with the garbage problem in Naples.
At some point in time, it is still difficult to find out where or how the €1.8 billion in emergency funds has been spent.
At some point in time, incinerators that were supposed to be built in Naples were never finished.
At some point in time, the companies in charge of constructing the incinerators could not finish the job.
At some point in time, magistrates stopped the work on the incinerators pending ongoing criminal investigations into alleged mafia involvement.
At some point in time, one Italian newspaper suggested that a good 20% of the emergency funds went to pay for the salaries of those in charge of coming up with a solution to the garbage problem.
At some point in time, the local mafia, known as the Camorra, is taking advantage of the garbage crisis in Naples.
At some point in time, the profits of the Camorra are estimated now at around €1 billion.
At some point in time, the profits of the Camorra are roughly $1.45 billion.
At some point in time, the Naples prosecutor in charge of environmental crimes says city government officials use the state of emergency to quickly award contracts.
At some point in time, city government officials award contracts which otherwise would have to be checked by complicated anti-racketeering legislation.
At some point in time, companies linked to the underworld dispose of the waste either in the open or at regular city dumps.
At some point in time, regular city dumps are overflowing.
At some point in time, the mafia clans have managed to burrow their way deeply into the system.
At some point in time, every attempt to fix the garbage problem in Naples has proved futile.
At some point in time, the government wants to re-open a previously shut dump to dispose of 3,700 tons of waste.
At some point in time, 3,700 tons of waste is laying in the streets of Naples and surrounding areas.
At some point in time, when the dump was closed years ago, locals were promised that a golf course would be built there.
At some point in time, many residents invested savings to construct apartments and residences in the vicinity of the previously shut dump.
At some point in time, some residents constructed apartments and residences just a few yards away from the site of the previously shut dump.
At some point in time, residents are now waking up to a mountain of trash instead of 18 holes of a golf course.
At some point in time, the situation is described as a rotten deal.