At some point in time, officials are searching for the driver of a white truck seen on Santiago Canyon Road on Sunday.
At some point in time, the white truck was seen near the time the Santiago fire started.
At some point in time, Orange County authorities said the information on the white truck was provided on Friday.
At some point in time, Chief Chip Prather holds a photo of a white truck similar to the one seen on Santiago Canyon Road.
At some point in time, Orange County Fire Authority Chief Chip Prather stated that the individuals associated with the white truck are not suspects at this time.
At some point in time, Orange County Fire Authority Chief Chip Prather stated that the individuals associated with the white truck are persons of interest.
At some point in time, the persons of interest were seen near the fire in a vehicle like the white truck.
At some point in time, the vehicle is a white, 1998 to 2004 Ford F150 pickup with chrome tubular running boards.
At some point in time, the information about the white truck came from a lead called into the investigation's tip line.
At some point in time, a $250,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the Santiago fire.
At some point in time, the Santiago fire has burned 27,000 acres and is still burning.
At some point in time, officials stated that the Santiago fire was deliberately set.
At some point in time, several mandatory evacuations remain in place for the Santiago fire.
At some point in time, the Santiago fire has destroyed 14 homes and various other structures.
At some point in time, the blaze moved into Silverado Canyon on Friday afternoon.
At some point in time, sheriff's deputies were evacuating residents in the fire's path.
At some point in time, authorities suspect arson in the Rosa fire in San Diego County.
At some point in time, the Rosa fire burned more than 400 acres before being fully contained.
At some point in time, there was no information available on the investigation of the Rosa fire.
At some point in time, the Los Angeles County District Attorney's Office filed arson charges against a 41-year-old Sun Valley man on Friday.
At some point in time, the 41-year-old Sun Valley man is Catalino Pineda.
At some point in time, witnesses said Catalino Pineda set a fire in the West Hills neighborhood and walked away.
At some point in time, Catalino Pineda is one of five people arrested in arson investigations this week.
At some point in time, none of the five people arrested has been linked to the major wildfires raging across Southern California.
At some point in time, Catalino Pineda was arrested on Wednesday.
At some point in time, witnesses saw Catalino Pineda lighting a fire on a hillside.
At some point in time, the fire that Catalino Pineda lit was quickly extinguished.
At some point in time, the witnesses followed Catalino Pineda to a nearby restaurant.
At some point in time, the witnesses called police after following Catalino Pineda.
At some point in time, police arrested Catalino Pineda.
At some point in time, Catalino Pineda was expected to be arraigned in Van Nuys Superior Court on Friday.
At some point in time, Deputy District Attorney Steven Frankland stated that Catalino Pineda is charged with one count of arson of a structure or forest.
At some point in time, Catalino Pineda is being held on $75,000 bail.
At some point in time, Catalino Pineda faces up to six years in prison if convicted.
At some point in time, John Rund, of Hesperia, was arrested on Wednesday on arson charges.
At some point in time, a witness reported seeing John Rund in brush near the starting point of a fire on Tuesday.
At some point in time, the fire that John Rund was near was quickly put out by passers-by.
At some point in time, investigators are trying to determine if John Rund, 48, may have ties to other wildfires.
At some point in time, John Rund is being held on $750,000 bail.
At some point in time, the San Bernardino County District Attorney's Office filed arson charges against Anthony Riperti, 47, of Redlands on Thursday.
At some point in time, the statement from the San Bernardino County District Attorney's Office did not say when or where Anthony Riperti is accused of setting a fire.
At some point in time, Anthony Riperti is being held on $250,000 bail.
At some point in time, the sheriff's department arrested an adult and a juvenile this week.
At some point in time, the adult arrested is Gorgonio Nava.
At some point in time, Gorgonio Nava and the juvenile were allegedly seen by an anonymous tipster starting a fire in Vista.
At some point in time, the Vista Fire Department extinguished the blaze before it grew out of control.
At some point in time, investigators have determined that the Grass Valley fire in San Bernardino County was not caused by arson.
At some point in time, a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 11,675-acre Slide fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor.
At some point in time, sheriff's spokeswoman Cindy Beaver stated that more than 1,600 homes have been destroyed in the past week by Southern California wildfires.