At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush called on Myanmar's military junta to step aside.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush called on Myanmar's military junta to give up the terror campaigns against its people.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush called for a democratic Myanmar.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the junta should step aside to make way for a unified Burma.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies are a friendless regime.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the junta should step aside to make way for a unified Burma governed by legitimate leaders.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the rest of the armed forces should not fear the transition.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that there is room for a professional military in a democratic Burma.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush called on Myanmar's military leaders to release Aun Sung Suu Kyi.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush called on Myanmar's military leaders to release other opposition leaders.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders should meet with and plan for a transition to democracy.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush warned that the world watches and waits.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Gen. Than Shwe and his deputies have the advantage of violent force.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have moral legitimacy.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have the support of the Burmese people.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi and other opposition leaders have the support of the world.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the regime's position grows weaker by the day.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the generals' choice is clear.
At some point in time, U.S. first lady Laura Bush stated that the time for a free Burma is now.
At some point in time, the humanitarian rights situation in Myanmar has been a cause for U.S. first lady Laura Bush in the past few months.
At some point in time, the humanitarian rights situation in Myanmar has worsened.
At some point in time, Myanmar state media reported that 2,000 people were detained during the demonstrations.
At some point in time, Myanmar state media reported that 2,000 people were detained during the crackdown against them.
At some point in time, Myanmar state media reported that an emergency law was imposed on September 25 banning assembly of more than five people.
At some point in time, Myanmar state media reported that 700 of those detained people have been released.
At some point in time, the official death toll from Myanmar's leadership is at 10.
At some point in time, there are reports that hundreds were killed in the wake of the demonstrations.
At some point in time, there are reports that thousands were arrested in the wake of the demonstrations.
At some point in time, the demonstrations peaked in late September.
At some point in time, the demonstrations were led by Myanmar's Buddhist monks.
At some point in time, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called U.S. first lady Laura Bush on Tuesday morning.
At some point in time, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called U.S. first lady Laura Bush to update her on the efforts of his special envoy to Myanmar, Ibrahim Gambari.
At some point in time, a representative of the secretary general stated that the call was a follow-up to a conversation they had weeks ago.
At some point in time, Ibrahim Gambari met last week with the military junta leadership.
At some point in time, Ibrahim Gambari met last week with Nobel Peace Prize winner Aun Sung Suu Kyi.
At some point in time, Aun Sung Suu Kyi is under house arrest in Yangon.
At some point in time, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, Zalmay Khalilzad, told reporters that Laura Bush and her husband's administration believe that there is a need to start preparing for transition for Myanmar.
At some point in time, Zalmay Khalilzad stated that it is very important that progress be made.
At some point in time, Zalmay Khalilzad stated that prisoners should be released.
At some point in time, Zalmay Khalilzad stated that conditions for Aun Sung Suu Kyi should be improved.
At some point in time, Zalmay Khalilzad stated that Aun Sung Suu Kyi should prepare for participation in negotiations for a transition.