At some point in time, Roberto Donadoni has left Cristiano Lucarelli in his squad for next Saturday's crucial Euro 2008 qualifier in Scotland.
At some point in time, Cristiano Lucarelli keeps his place in the Italian squad after scoring twice against South Africa.
At some point in time, Cristiano Lucarelli is in fine form.
At some point in time, Cristiano Lucarelli has been rewarded for his inspiring performance in last month's friendly against South Africa.
At some point in time, Cristiano Lucarelli scored twice in the world champions' victory against South Africa.
At some point in time, Roberto Donadoni has left out veteran forward Filippo Inzaghi.
At some point in time, Roberto Donadoni has left out veteran forward Alessandro Del Piero.
At some point in time, Roberto Donadoni has handed Juventus striker Raffaele Palladino his first call-up to the senior squad.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro has returned from suspension.
Fabio Cannavaro is the captain of the Italian national team.
At some point in time, Italy is third in Group B.
At some point in time, Italy is two points behind leaders France.
At some point in time, Italy is one point below Scotland.
At some point in time, Italy will end their qualifying campaign by taking on bottom side the Faroe Islands in Modena on November 21.
At some point in time, Marco Amelia plays as a goalkeeper for Italy and is from Livorno.
At some point in time, Gianluigi Buffon plays as a goalkeeper for Italy and is from Juventus.
At some point in time, Gianluca Curci plays as a goalkeeper for Italy and is from Roma.
At some point in time, Andrea Barzagli plays as a defender for Italy and is from Palermo.
At some point in time, Daniele Bonera plays as a defender for Italy and is from AC Milan.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro plays as a defender for Italy and is from Real Madrid.
At some point in time, Giorgio Chiellini plays as a defender for Italy and is from Juventus.
At some point in time, Fabio Grosso plays as a defender for Italy and is from Lyon.
At some point in time, Massimo Oddo plays as a defender for Italy and is from AC Milan.
At some point in time, Christian Panucci plays as a defender for Italy and is from Roma.
At some point in time, Gianluca Zambrotta plays as a defender for Italy and is from Barcelona.
At some point in time, Massimo Ambrosini plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from AC Milan.
At some point in time, Mauro Camoranesi plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from Juventus.
At some point in time, Daniele De Rossi plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from Roma.
At some point in time, Gennaro Gattuso plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from AC Milan.
At some point in time, Simone Perrotta plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from Roma.
At some point in time, Andrea Pirlo plays as a midfielder for Italy and is from AC Milan.
At some point in time, Antonio Di Natale plays as a striker for Italy and is from Udinese.
At some point in time, Alberto Gilardino plays as a striker for Italy and is from AC Milan.
At some point in time, Vincenzo Iaquinta plays as a striker for Italy and is from Juventus.
At some point in time, Cristiano Lucarelli plays as a striker for Italy and is from Shakhtar Donetsk.
At some point in time, Raffaele Palladino plays as a striker for Italy and is from Juventus.
At some point in time, Fabio Quagliarella plays as a striker for Italy and is from Udinese.
At some point in time, Luca Toni plays as a striker for Italy and is from Bayern Munich.