At some point in time, Warren Jeffs tried to hang himself earlier this year while Warren Jeffs was in jail awaiting trial.
At some point in time, a Utah judge unsealed court documents on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs is the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints.
At some point in time, the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints has 10,000 members.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs is awaiting sentencing after being convicted on two counts of being an accomplice to rape.
At some point in time, the documents were released by Fifth District Judge James Shumate at the request of the media.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs confessed to "immorality" with a "sister" and a daughter more than 30 years ago.
At some point in time, a competency report on Warren Jeffs was completed in April.
At some point in time, social worker Eric Nielsen wrote that throughout the month of January, Warren Jeffs refused food and drink.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs developed ulcers on his knees from kneeling in prayer for hours.
At some point in time, on January 28, Warren Jeffs attempted to hang himself in his cell.
At some point in time, in the days following the suicide attempt, Warren Jeffs threw himself against the wall on separate occasions.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs banged his head on the wall after his suicide attempt.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs' suicide attempt came three days after a visit with Warren Jeffs' brother, Nephi.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs told Nephi, "I am not the prophet. I never was the prophet, and I have been deceived by the powers of evil ... I ask for everyone's forgiveness."
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs told Nephi, "Farewell forever."
At some point in time, the day before the visit with Nephi, Warren Jeffs told a follower in a phone conversation that he was "covered with immorality with a sister and a daughter when I was younger."
At some point in time, members of the FLDS call adult women "sister."
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs' meaning was unclear when he referred to "sister."
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs' defense attorneys argued against the release of the documents.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs' defense attorneys filed a motion opposing the unsealing of the statements.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs recanted the statements the following month.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs' medical condition influenced his state of mind when the statements were made.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs' defense attorneys presented Judge Shumate with a letter from another attorney.
At some point in time, the letter argued that the statements' release could influence an Arizona jury when Warren Jeffs stands trial in Arizona.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs was convicted in September of being an accomplice to rape.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs was accused of using his religious influence over his followers to coerce a 14-year-old girl into marriage to her 19-year-old cousin.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs faces a sentence of up to life in prison when Warren Jeffs is sentenced on November 20.
At some point in time, the FLDS is not affiliated with the mainstream Mormon church.
At some point in time, the FLDS is based in the side-by-side border towns of Hildale, Utah, and Colorado City, Arizona.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs is a former school headmaster.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs is the son of the sect's previous president and "prophet," Rulon Jeffs.
At some point in time, Rulon Jeffs died in 2002.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs was on the FBI's 10 most wanted fugitives list when Warren Jeffs was arrested in August 2006.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs was arrested outside Las Vegas, Nevada.
At some point in time, critics say that inside the FLDS, marriages are arranged for girls as young as 13.
At some point in time, critics claim that competition for brides may be reduced by exiling male teens and young men.
At some point in time, if male followers are excommunicated, critics claim that wives and children can be reassigned.
At some point in time, during Warren Jeffs' trial, defense attorneys claimed that authorities were persecuting Warren Jeffs because of Warren Jeffs' religious beliefs.
At some point in time, Warren Jeffs' religious beliefs include practicing polygamy as the way to heaven.
At some point in time, if Warren Jeffs disavowed being the prophet of the FLDS, it could cause upheaval within the secretive sect.
At some point in time, two of Warren Jeffs' followers spoke to CNN.
At some point in time, FLDS members usually do not talk to reporters.
At some point in time, one follower, Cathy, said, "He is a perfectly priestly man."
At some point in time, Cathy said, "He is a man of God, and we will always love him."
At some point in time, Cathy said, "Once a prophet, always a prophet."
At some point in time, Cathy's husband, Patrick, told CNN, "It's hogwash."
At some point in time, Patrick said, "I don't believe it ... I will always consider him my prophet."