At some point in time, Ann Curley is the assignment manager for the CNN Medical News unit.
At some point in time, Ann Curley has been a type I diabetic for 40 years.
At some point in time, Ann Curley uses a pump attached to a catheter in her body to monitor glucose levels.
At some point in time, Ann Curley uses a pump attached to a catheter in her body to administer insulin.
At some point in time, Ann Curley was 7 years old when her mother took her to the doctor.
At some point in time, Ann Curley lost a lot of weight despite having a voracious appetite.
At some point in time, Ann Curley's family moved from the San Francisco Bay Area to Pasadena, California.
At some point in time, Ann Curley visited the doctor's office for the first time when she was 7 years old.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy diagnosed Ann Curley with diabetes.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy was Ann Curley's pediatrician.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy spoke directly to Ann Curley during the visit.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy asked Ann Curley if she felt thirsty.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy asked Ann Curley if she needed to urinate during the night.
At some point in time, Ann Curley answered yes to both questions asked by Dr. Robert Deputy.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy asked for a urine sample from Ann Curley.
At some point in time, the result of Ann Curley's urine sample was immediate.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy told Ann Curley and her mother that Ann Curley's body wasn't processing sugar properly.
At some point in time, Ann Curley had diabetes.
At some point in time, Ann Curley was checked into a hospital to learn how to test her urine for sugar.
At some point in time, Ann Curley was checked into a hospital to learn how to give herself injections of insulin.
At some point in time, Ann Curley was checked into a hospital to learn how to follow a diabetic diet.
At some point in time, Ann Curley was checked into a hospital to learn how to control her diabetes.
At some point in time, Ann Curley spent several days in the hospital learning how to manage her disease.
At some point in time, Ann Curley was sent home after spending several days in the hospital.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy called Ann Curley's house each afternoon to check on her.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy wanted Ann Curley to be self-sufficient.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy wanted Ann Curley to be responsible for monitoring herself.
At some point in time, Ann Curley refused to let her parents give her injections.
At some point in time, Ann Curley refused to let her parents test her urine.
At some point in time, Ann Curley's demand for self-sufficiency turned out to be one of her best life lessons.
At some point in time, some diabetics may feel their disease is a burden.
At some point in time, Ann Curley feels that being diagnosed with diabetes was a blessing in disguise.
At some point in time, being diagnosed with diabetes forced Ann Curley's family to eat healthily.
At some point in time, being diagnosed with diabetes taught Ann Curley about good nutrition.
At some point in time, Ann Curley practices good nutrition every day.
At some point in time, Ann Curley knows carbohydrate counts in most foods.
At some point in time, Ann Curley understands dietary concepts that most people do not care about.
At some point in time, being active is a way to burn off high blood sugar.
At some point in time, when Ann Curley's urine tested positive for glucose, her older sister Robin was in charge of exercising her.
At some point in time, Ann Curley and her three sisters had countless jump-rope contests.
At some point in time, Ann Curley and her three sisters had bike rides.
At some point in time, Ann Curley and her three sisters had roller-skating excursions.
At some point in time, Ann Curley felt like a little mad scientist using a test tube with drops of water, urine, and fizzy tablets.
At some point in time, Ann Curley used a test tube to see if there was sugar in her urine.
At some point in time, test strips were developed that could be dipped in urine to reveal whether sugar was present.
At some point in time, testing urine for sugar was a primitive method.
At some point in time, by the time sugar gets into the urine, it is a signal that the body doesn't have enough insulin to process sugar.
At some point in time, the urine test did not give an actual number for the amount of sugar in the urine.
At some point in time, the urine test simply gave a color reading that corresponded with a range of how much sugar was present in the urine.
At some point in time, inaccurate was really an understatement when talking about urine testing.
At some point in time, home blood glucose testing kits became available in the early 1980s.
At some point in time, home blood glucose testing kits were a huge move toward precise control and management of diabetes.
At some point in time, with the blood glucose testing kit, the diabetic uses a device to poke a finger and produce a drop of blood.
At some point in time, the blood is placed on a test strip that fits into a device.
At some point in time, the device produces a reading of the blood glucose within seconds.
At some point in time, Ann Curley initially balked at the idea of pricking her finger several times a day.
At some point in time, Ann Curley cannot imagine not pricking her finger to monitor her blood sugar.
At some point in time, the 1980s saw the advent of the insulin pump.
At some point in time, the insulin pump is the size of a pager.
At some point in time, the insulin pump contains a reservoir filled with insulin.
At some point in time, the reservoir of the insulin pump connects to a tube.
At some point in time, the tube infuses insulin into the body with a tiny plastic shunt.
At some point in time, the insulin pump drips insulin into the body to keep blood sugars constant.
At some point in time, the insulin pump gives extra amounts of insulin with meals.
At some point in time, Ann Curley discovered the continuous glucose monitor in the last year.
At some point in time, the continuous glucose monitor is a small device inserted into the tissue.
At some point in time, the continuous glucose monitor is usually inserted into the abdomen, hip, or leg.
At some point in time, the continuous glucose monitor has a tiny sensor that reads the glucose level of the body's fluids.
At some point in time, the data from the continuous glucose monitor is transmitted to a receiver.
At some point in time, patients can see a constant reading of their blood sugar levels using the continuous glucose monitor.
At some point in time, Ann Curley participated in clinical trials for three different continuous glucose monitor devices.
At some point in time, Ann Curley found all three continuous glucose monitor devices to be quite accurate.
At some point in time, some continuous glucose monitor sensors transmit data directly to an insulin pump.
At some point in time, diabetics can use the reading from continuous glucose monitor sensors to adjust the amount of insulin being pumped into the body.
At some point in time, the patient still has to test their blood sugar to confirm the sensor is properly calibrated.
At some point in time, it is amazing to be able to see constant readings and graphs of blood sugar levels.
At some point in time, continuous glucose monitor technology is a step toward the ultimate goal of controlling type I diabetes using a closed loop system.
At some point in time, the closed loop system means diabetics will someday be able to wear a pump that gathers data from a sensor.
At some point in time, the sensor in the closed loop system will be so precise that the pump can be programmed to act on its own.
At some point in time, the pump in the closed loop system can make adjustments all by itself.
At some point in time, the current systems are open looped.
At some point in time, in open loop systems, the diabetic controls when the doses are given.
At some point in time, the goal is to eventually create a pump that is more like a robotic delivery system.
At some point in time, all the patient has to do is wear the robotic delivery system.
At some point in time, once the robotic delivery system technology is perfected, the device would be implanted.
At some point in time, the implanted device would be the next best thing to not having diabetes.
At some point in time, forty years ago, parents were given a grim prediction for how their child would fare with diabetes.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy told Ann Curley's parents that she would probably only live to the age of 20 or 30.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy's prediction for Ann Curley's survival had the whole family freaked out.
At some point in time, Ann Curley spoke with Dr. Robert Deputy, who recently retired from his pediatric practice.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy seemed to remember Ann Curley.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy said sadly that the prognosis he gave was what was told to parents back then.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy stated that everything changes with time.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Deputy mentioned that diabetes and leukemia have changed with technology.
At some point in time, Ann Curley thinks Dr. Robert Deputy was relieved that his prognosis was wrong.
At some point in time, Ann Curley knows that she is certainly relieved that Dr. Robert Deputy's prognosis was wrong.
At some point in time, Ann Curley hopes to live another 40 years.