At some point in time, the crew members of the North Korean freighter regained control of their ship from pirates.
At some point in time, the pirates hijacked the vessel off Somalia.
At some point in time, the U.S. Navy reported the incident on Tuesday.
At some point in time, the USS James E. Williams ordered the pirates to give up their weapons.
At some point in time, two pirates were dead after the battle aboard the Dai Hong Dan.
At some point in time, five pirates were captured after the battle aboard the Dai Hong Dan.
At some point in time, three crew members from the cargo ship were wounded.
At some point in time, the wounded crew members were being treated aboard the guided-missile destroyer USS James E. Williams.
At some point in time, the captured pirates were being held aboard the North Korean vessel.
At some point in time, the pirates had seized the ship's bridge.
At some point in time, the crew kept control of the steering gear and engines.
At some point in time, the Koreans moved against the attackers after the USS James E. Williams ordered the pirates to give up their weapons.
At some point in time, the crew members stormed the bridge.
At some point in time, a deadly battle began when the crew members stormed the bridge.
At some point in time, Navy sailors boarded the Dai Hong Dan to help with the injured.
North Korea and the United States have no diplomatic relations.
At some point in time, the incident took place about 70 miles northeast of the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
At some point in time, this incident is the second incident of piracy reported in recent days.
At some point in time, a second U.S. Navy destroyer was searching waters off Somalia for pirates.
At some point in time, the pirates hijacked a Japanese-owned ship.
At some point in time, gunmen aboard two skiffs hijacked the Panamanian-flagged Golden Nori off the Socotra archipelago.
At some point in time, Andrew Mwangura is a spokesman for the Kenyan-based Seafarers' Assistance Program.
At some point in time, the guided-missile destroyer USS Arleigh Burke has been pursuing the pirates.
At some point in time, the USS Arleigh Burke entered Somali waters with the permission of the troubled transitional government in Mogadishu.
At some point in time, warships have stayed outside the 12-mile limit when chasing pirates in recent years.
At some point in time, two military officials confirmed the ongoing operation.
At some point in time, the Navy's pursuit of the pirates began on Sunday night.
At some point in time, the Golden Nori radioed for help.
At some point in time, the USS Arleigh Burke's sister ship, the USS Porter, opened fire.
At some point in time, the USS Porter sank the pirate skiffs tied to the Golden Nori's stern.
At some point in time, the USS Arleigh Burke took over shadowing the hijacked vessel.
At some point in time, it was not known that the ship was filled with highly flammable benzene when the shots were fired.
At some point in time, U.S. military officials indicate there is a great deal of concern about the cargo.
Benzene is a known human carcinogen declared by U.S. authorities.
Benzene is used as a solvent.
Benzene is used to make plastics and synthetic fabrics.
At some point in time, four other ships in the region remain in pirate hands.
At some point in time, U.S. and NATO warships have been patrolling off the Horn of Africa for years.
At some point in time, the effort aims to crack down on piracy off Somalia.
At some point in time, a U.N.-backed transitional government is struggling to restore order after 15 years of near-anarchy in Somalia.
At some point in time, the head of the transitional government resigned on Monday.
At some point in time, the transitional government was backed by Ethiopian troops.
At some point in time, the transitional government battled insurgents from the Islamic movement.
At some point in time, the Islamic movement seized control of Mogadishu in 2006.
At some point in time, hospital officials reported 30 dead in three days of clashes on the city's south side.
At some point in time, in June, the USS Carter Hall fired warning shots.
At some point in time, the USS Carter Hall attempted to stop a hijacked Danish cargo ship off Somalia.
At some point in time, the American vessel turned away when the pirated ship entered Somali waters.
At some point in time, in May, a U.S. Navy advisory warned merchant ships to stay at least 200 miles off the Somali coast.
At some point in time, the U.S. Maritime Administration said pirates sometimes issue false distress calls.
At some point in time, pirates issue false distress calls to lure ships closer to shore.
At some point in time, the pirates are often armed with automatic rifles.
At some point in time, the pirates are often armed with shoulder-fired rockets.
At some point in time, a recent warning from the agency stated the pirates are often armed.
At some point in time, vessels that increase speed and take evasive maneuvers avoid boarding.
At some point in time, vessels that slow down are boarded.
At some point in time, vessels that are boarded are taken to the Somali coastline.
At some point in time, vessels that are boarded are released after successful ransom payment.
At some point in time, the ransom payment often follows protracted negotiations of as much as 11 weeks.
At some point in time, the agency issued a new warning to sailors in the Gulf of Aden.
At some point in time, the Gulf of Aden is located between Somalia and Yemen.
At some point in time, the new warning was issued after Sunday's hijacking.