At some point in time, a court has ordered pop singer Britney Spears to give up custody of her children effective Wednesday at noon.
At some point in time, Kevin Federline and Britney Spears have two children.
At some point in time, Kevin Federline is to retain custody of Sean Preston and Jayden until further order of the court.
At some point in time, a ruling was made by Superior Court Judge Scott Gordon.
At some point in time, it was not clear what led to the decision awarding Kevin Federline full custody.
At some point in time, a transcript of the court proceedings was ordered sealed.
At some point in time, a judge ordered Britney Spears to submit to random drug tests last month.
At some point in time, the judge found Britney Spears engaged in habitual, frequent, and continuous use of controlled substances and alcohol.
At some point in time, the order provided no details and did not name any drugs.
At some point in time, Britney Spears and Kevin Federline have been embroiled in a bitter custody fight over their sons.
At some point in time, the parents had split custody 50-50.
At some point in time, Kevin Federline asked for the custody arrangements to be shifted to 70-30 in his favor.
At some point in time, Gordon ordered Britney Spears to spend eight hours per week working with a parenting coach.
At some point in time, the parenting coach was to observe Britney Spears' interactions with her children.
At some point in time, Gordon told both parents to avoid alcohol or other non-prescription controlled substances 12 hours before taking custody of the children.
At some point in time, Gordon barred Britney Spears and Kevin Federline from making derogatory remarks about each other and each other's family or significant other during the case.
At some point in time, Gordon ordered Britney Spears and Kevin Federline to go through joint co-parenting counseling.
At some point in time, Gordon barred Britney Spears and Kevin Federline from using corporal punishment on Sean Preston and Jayden.
At some point in time, Britney Spears and Kevin Federline were married for two years before their divorce became final in July.
At some point in time, Monday's order comes amid a career freefall for Britney Spears.
At some point in time, Britney Spears' new album is due to be released on November 13.
At some point in time, critics derided Britney Spears' singing and dancing as lackluster after her September 9 performance on the MTV Video Music Awards.
At some point in time, critics said Britney Spears appeared overweight in her sequined two-piece costume.
At some point in time, Laura Wasser resigned as Britney Spears' legal representative last month.
At some point in time, Laura Wasser told reporters Britney Spears just wants to be a mom.
At some point in time, Britney Spears' management company, the Firm, recently quit after representing her for little over a month.