At some point in time, Ruben Navarrette Jr. states that the immigration debate is driven by culture.
At some point in time, some opponents of immigration fear changes in local culture.
At some point in time, immigration restrictionists want to limit all immigration, including legal immigration.
At some point in time, immigration restrictionists pretend to be high-minded.
At some point in time, immigration restrictionists take the low road and harken back to nativism.
At some point in time, immigration restrictionists insist that their concerns are practical.
At some point in time, immigration restrictionists claim that the borders are not secure.
At some point in time, immigration restrictionists claim that many immigrants are entering the country illegally.
At some point in time, immigration restrictionists claim that new arrivals burden schools and drain social services.
At some point in time, the conversation about immigration often turns to the impact of immigrants on American culture.
At some point in time, the impact of immigrants on American culture includes taco trucks and Spanish-language billboards.
At some point in time, towns in North Dakota are resisting cultural changes despite tough economic times.
At some point in time, towns in North Dakota are facing tough economic times.
At some point in time, the article in USA Today discusses towns in North Dakota.
At some point in time, some residents in Cooperstown oppose bringing in a hog plant and a dairy.
At some point in time, some residents in Cooperstown believe that a hog plant and a dairy would attract Hispanic immigrants.
At some point in time, Orville Tranby is a local community leader in Cooperstown.
At some point in time, Orville Tranby reports that some residents have expressed concerns about Hispanic immigrants changing local culture.
At some point in time, an employee at a local library in Lewisburg, Tennessee proposed a bilingual story time.
At some point in time, townspeople in Lewisburg opposed the bilingual story time.
At some point in time, townspeople in Lewisburg demanded that all library books be in English-only.
At some point in time, the stories about immigration concerns illustrate deeper issues.
At some point in time, some people are concerned that the country is becoming more Hispanic.
At some point in time, some people believe that Spanish is replacing English.
At some point in time, some people believe that Hispanic immigrants are weakening American identity.
At some point in time, some people believe that Main Street is turning into Little Mexico.
At some point in time, a leader of the Minuteman movement referred to immigration as "colonization" of the United States.
At some point in time, the rhetoric surrounding immigration is driven by fear.
At some point in time, some people fear losing their primacy in the dominant culture.
At some point in time, some people believe that the mainstream culture is being polluted by foreigners.
At some point in time, some people fear that their children will have to work harder to keep up in the future.
At some point in time, Benjamin Franklin expressed concerns about German immigrants in the late 18th century.
At some point in time, Benjamin Franklin believed that German immigrants could never adopt English culture.
At some point in time, Benjamin Franklin warned that German immigrants would establish their language and manners to the exclusion of English.
At some point in time, concerns about Chinese immigrants being "unassimilable" led to the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882.
At some point in time, Massachusetts Senator Henry Cabot Lodge warned that Irish immigrants were diluting the quality of U.S. citizenship.
At some point in time, some people complained that Italian immigrants were uneducated and low-skilled.
At some point in time, some people believed that Italian immigrants sent all their money to their home country.
At some point in time, some people believed that Italian immigrants were prone to criminal activity.
At some point in time, Hispanics may be the latest group in a culture war with nativists.
Hispanics will not be the last group in a culture war with nativists.
At some point in time, Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a member of the editorial board of the San Diego Union-Tribune.
At some point in time, Ruben Navarrette Jr. is a nationally syndicated columnist.
At some point in time, the opinions expressed in the commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette Jr.