At some point in time, Democratic presidential candidates criticized President George W. Bush's plan to withdraw roughly 30,000 troops from Iraq by next summer.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton labeled President George W. Bush's troop withdrawal plan "too little, too late."
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton listens as General David Petraeus testifies before the Senate Armed Services Committee.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton stated in an open letter to President George W. Bush that the troop withdrawal is "simply too little, too late, and unacceptable to this Congress, and to the American people."
At some point in time, the American people have made clear their strong desire to bring troops home and end the war.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush is expected to endorse the recommendations of General David Petraeus.
At some point in time, General David Petraeus recommended that troop levels in Iraq be lowered to 130,000 by July.
At some point in time, the current troop level in Iraq is 160,000.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton stated that President George W. Bush has the authority and ability to greatly accelerate the redeployment of U.S. forces from Iraq.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton urged President George W. Bush to choose to bring more troops home faster.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that President George W. Bush is returning to an earlier, failed policy.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama said that the U.S. is still in the same position as it was in June 2006.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that the levels of violence in Iraq are the same as they were in June 2006.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that the levels of dysfunction in the Iraqi government are the same as they were in June 2006.
At some point in time, the American people have a right to ask their leadership in Washington and the president when enough is enough.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama presented a new plan for Iraq on Wednesday afternoon in Clinton, Iowa.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama's plan calls for an immediate drawdown of combat operations at a pace of one or two brigades every month.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama's plan for Iraq is to be completed by the end of next year.
At some point in time, a brigade comprises between 3,000 and 5,000 soldiers.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama recommended a new constitutional convention for Iraq.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama recommended a new regional diplomatic effort for Iraq.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama recommended steps to confront Iraq's humanitarian crisis.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that there is no military solution in Iraq.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that there never was a military solution in Iraq.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that the best way to protect U.S. security is to immediately begin to remove combat troops from Iraq.
At some point in time, presidential candidate John Edwards called for an immediate withdrawal of 40,000 to 50,000 troops.
At some point in time, John Edwards has been pressing congressional Democrats to take a more confrontational stance against President George W. Bush.
At some point in time, John Edwards stated that Obama, Clinton, and Republican Senator John Warner have a moral responsibility to use every tool available to them.
At some point in time, John Edwards stated that the tools available to them include a filibuster to force President George W. Bush to change course.
At some point in time, John Edwards called Senator Barack Obama's plan for troop withdrawal a copy of President George W. Bush's plan.
At some point in time, John Edwards stated that Senator Barack Obama would withdraw only one to two combat brigades a month between now and the end of next year.
At some point in time, John Edwards stated that Senator Barack Obama's plan could mimic President George W. Bush's plan to withdraw 30,000 troops by next summer.
At some point in time, Senator Christopher Dodd stated that it is useless to debate tactics when the underlying policy is a complete failure.
At some point in time, Senator Christopher Dodd called on his colleagues to end U.S. involvement in the civil war in Iraq.
At some point in time, Senator Christopher Dodd stated that ending U.S. involvement in Iraq would help restore national security.
At some point in time, Senator Christopher Dodd stated that Congress should not support any Iraq measure without a firm, enforceable deadline tied to funding for troop redeployment from Iraq.
At some point in time, Democrats lack the votes in Congress to force President George W. Bush to bring the troops home.
At some point in time, Democrats are seeking a compromise position regarding the war in Iraq.
At some point in time, Congressional Democratic leaders are meeting with Republican lawmakers.
At some point in time, Republican lawmakers want a change in war policy but are unwilling to cut funding or set a timeline for withdrawal.
At some point in time, Congressional Democrats concede that the next president will probably inherit at least a deployment of 100,000 troops in Iraq.
At some point in time, the Democratic presidential candidates face pressure from liberal groups such as MoveOn.org.
At some point in time, liberal groups such as MoveOn.org demand that Democratic presidential candidates directly confront President George W. Bush.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that it is unlikely he would vote for any legislation that does not include a definite withdrawal deadline.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that it appears clear to him that President George W. Bush is not willing to compromise.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that Congress may have to force President George W. Bush to accept a shorter timetable.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that, absent Congress forcing President George W. Bush to accept a shorter timetable, the actions taken are essentially symbolic.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that Congress needs to send a clear message that it is time to change course.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama stated that it is time for Congress to change course.