At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is the French Foreign Minister.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner declared that France had to prepare for the possibility of war against Iran over its nuclear program.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner's declaration was not conventional diplomatic behavior.
Bernard Kouchner was never expected to be a soft-soaper on the diplomatic scene.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner has a reputation for challenging convention and authority.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner was a surprise appointment from the Socialist ranks to Nicolas Sarkozy's conservative government.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is the founder of Medicins Sans Frontiers.
Bernard Kouchner has always challenged convention and authority.
At some point in time, Boutros Boutros-Ghali once called Bernard Kouchner 'an unguided missile'.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner has been known to declare: "To change the law you sometimes have to break the law".
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner was one of the leaders of the students revolt in France in May 1968.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is a humanitarian.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is a patriot.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner has a strong commitment to human rights.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner supported the US-led intervention in Iraq.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner criticized the aftermath of the US-led intervention in Iraq.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner supported the US-led intervention in Iraq on the grounds of Saddam Hussein's denial of human rights.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner did not support the US-led intervention in Iraq on the grounds of Saddam Hussein's possible possession of weapons of mass destruction.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner and President Nicolas Sarkozy have a concern for human rights.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner and President Nicolas Sarkozy are eager to join Gordon Brown's Britain in a new push for action in Darfur.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner did not come to his position with any of former President Jacques Chirac's instinctive distrust of the United States.
At some point in time, Washington has been critical of some European states for their weakness in confronting Teheran.
At some point in time, Washington will have been delighted by Bernard Kouchner's 'get serious' warning to Teheran.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is unlikely to be deterred by fears of upsetting the White House when he has criticisms to make of US policy.
At some point in time, how much should be made of Bernard Kouchner's words on Iran remains unclear at this stage.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner's words on Iran were scarcely on the same scale as President Jacques Chirac's threat to retaliate with nuclear strikes against any state found to be responsible for a large-scale terrorist attack on France.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner's words on Iran are all of a piece with France's new high-profile style under the presidency of Nicolas Sarkozy.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner became the first French Foreign Minister to visit Iraq since 1988.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner insisted that there could only be a political solution to Iraq's problems, not a military one.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner offered France's services as a mediator and 'honest broker' between Sunnis, Shiites, and Kurds.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is merely echoing the words of President Nicolas Sarkozy regarding Iran.
At some point in time, President Nicolas Sarkozy declared that a nuclear-armed Iran would be 'unacceptable'.
At some point in time, President Nicolas Sarkozy described the stand-off over Iran's nuclear program as 'undoubtedly the most serious crisis before us today'.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is making clear that France no longer takes the view once expressed by President Jacques Chirac that a nuclear-armed Iran might be inevitable.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is continuing to ratchet up the rhetoric over the threat of a nuclear-armed Iran.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is underlining the West's resolution on Iran's nuclear enrichment program.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner is supplementing President Nicolas Sarkozy's warnings.
Neither Bernard Kouchner nor President Nicolas Sarkozy is saying that military intervention against Iran is imminent.
Neither Bernard Kouchner nor President Nicolas Sarkozy is saying that military intervention against Iran is inevitable.
Neither Bernard Kouchner nor President Nicolas Sarkozy has yet confirmed that France would be part of any military action against Iran.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner and President Nicolas Sarkozy are stressing the risks which are piling up as a result of Teheran's brinkmanship.
At some point in time, Bernard Kouchner's intervention underlines that the new administration in France is not a knee-jerk anti-American one.
At some point in time, France is in the business of reclaiming a role at the top diplomatic tables.