At some point in time, there are some circuits that are cornerstones of the Formula 1 calendar.
At some point in time, the Monacos and Silverstones are known intimately by the drivers and engineers.
At some point in time, the newer circuits, such as Malaysia and Bahrain, have become familiar to the drivers and their backroom boffins.
At some point in time, Fuji Speedway employees pose behind a scale model of the new circuit.
At some point in time, Fuji Speedway employees pose in front of an overhead view of the new circuit.
At some point in time, Fuji Speedway will have a track that has yet to see a single Formula 1 team put in a single lap.
At some point in time, the Japan Grand Prix is to return to the Fuji Speedway.
The Fuji Speedway has not seen a Formula 1 race since 1977.
At some point in time, the Fuji circuit will be familiar to fans of classic arcade games.
At some point in time, the old Fuji Speedway was the setting for the 1982 arcade game Pole Position.
Pole Position was released by Namco in Japan.
Pole Position was released by Atari in the rest of the world.
At some point in time, the most notable aspect of the Fuji circuit is the vision of Mount Fuji.
Mount Fuji is Japan's tallest mountain.
At some point in time, the move to the Fuji location is not without its controversies.
At some point in time, the Suzuka track held Japanese Grands Prix between 1987 and 2006.
At some point in time, the Suzuka track had been popular with drivers and fans alike.
At some point in time, for this year and the next, the Japanese Grand Prix will be held at Fuji.
At some point in time, an announcement by Formula One Management revealed that Suzuka will return to the calendar for 2009.
At some point in time, Suzuka's return to the calendar for 2009 is on the condition that the circuit makes some approved modifications.
At some point in time, the location of the Japanese Grand Prix will alternate yearly between Fuji and Suzuka after 2009.
At some point in time, both Fuji and Suzuka circuits are owned by car manufacturers with Formula 1 connections.
At some point in time, Honda owns the Suzuka circuit.
At some point in time, Toyota owns the Fuji circuit.
At some point in time, Toyota is a relative newcomer to Formula 1.
At some point in time, Toyota surpassed General Motors as the world's number one automobile manufacturer this year.
At some point in time, Toyota has the best funded team in the paddock.
At some point in time, Toyota's position as the best funded team has not been reflected in sporting success.
At some point in time, the redesign of the Fuji track was carried out by Hermann Tilke in 2003.
Hermann Tilke is a German architect.
At some point in time, Hermann Tilke redesigned a number of Formula 1 circuits in the 1990s.
At some point in time, Hermann Tilke has designed many new grand prix tracks since the 1990s.
At some point in time, Hermann Tilke designed the tracks for 2008's debut grands prix in Singapore and Valencia.
At some point in time, F1 teams prepare for a new circuit such as Fuji without data from previous races.
At some point in time, computer simulation is used to prepare for a new circuit.
At some point in time, computer-aided design (CAD) is a part of the design of a circuit.
At some point in time, computer-aided design (CAD) is a part of the design of high-tech cars.
At some point in time, every bend, every straight, and every camber of the circuit is analyzed on screen before any dirt is shifted on the ground.
At some point in time, the teams have been testing their cars on a virtual Fuji Speedway for some time.
At some point in time, BMW Sauber's simulation experts received CAD data from the Japanese race organizers late last year.
At some point in time, when BMW Sauber's cars arrive at Fuji for testing next week, their race set-up should be close to optimum.
At some point in time, the circuit was analyzed and broken up into between 500 and 800 segments.
At some point in time, the radius of each individual segment was measured.
At some point in time, engineers can exactly calculate the optimum racing line using the measured radius of each segment.
At some point in time, the optimum racing line is the route around the circuit that covers the shortest possible distance.
At some point in time, the effects of factors such as gradients and inclines were calculated.
At some point in time, the slightest change in angle of a gradient can have significant effects on the downforce and aerodynamic profile of a car.
At some point in time, Willy Rampf is the Technical Director of the BMW Sauber F1 Team.
At some point in time, Willy Rampf stated that in order to avoid losing precious time during the race weekend, the team needs to have as accurate a picture of downforce levels, gearbox ratios, and brake specifications in advance.
At some point in time, Dieter Glass is the Chief Race and Test Engineer with Toyota F1.
At some point in time, Dieter Glass explained that one starts to determine what downforce level gives the best lap time on the new circuit.
At some point in time, once the downforce level is known, one looks into which gear ratios suit the track with the given level of downforce.
At some point in time, Dieter Glass stated that before getting into more detailed simulations, one determines gear ratios that suit the track.
At some point in time, as the weekend approaches, teams start running race simulations to predict the optimum race strategy.
At some point in time, the prediction of the optimum race strategy takes into account estimates of relevant characteristics of the new track.
At some point in time, the relevant characteristics of the new track include the degradation of the two Bridgestone tire compounds.
At some point in time, the relevant characteristics of the new track include the effect the fuel has on lap time.
At some point in time, having more fuel in the car affects lap time.
At some point in time, the teams can accurately predict how much time is lost with every extra kilogram of fuel carried.
At some point in time, one peculiarity of the Fuji circuit is the exceptionally long main straight.
At some point in time, the main straight of the Fuji circuit is 1.475 km (0.916 miles) long.
At some point in time, the long main straight will allow for higher-than-average straight line speeds.
At some point in time, after the long straight, the track is relatively twisty.
At some point in time, the teams have to find a balance between getting the most speed into the straight and the best grip decelerating into the bends.
At some point in time, the Fuji circuit has some very slow corners that require good mechanical grip.
At some point in time, the teams want good grip in general.
At some point in time, the teams have to balance good grip with the long straight.
At some point in time, the teams need low enough downforce to achieve a level of drag that allows for a good top speed.
At some point in time, the testing may be virtual.
At some point in time, the teams hope that the virtual figures are a hair's breadth away from real-world eventualities.
At some point in time, Willy Rampf stated that the aim is to ensure that the lap times and top speed calculated using the simulation software do not vary by more than one percent from the actual values.
At some point in time, Dieter Glass believes that the accuracy of predictions is difficult to determine for sure.
At some point in time, the accuracy of predictions depends on what happens in the race.
At some point in time, many incidents can happen during a race.
At some point in time, incidents can have a positive or adverse effect on strategy.