At some point in time, an enraged crowd dragged the body of an Ethiopian soldier through the streets of Somalia's capital on Thursday.
At some point in time, gun battles with Islamic insurgents killed 19 people.
At some point in time, witnesses reported the crowd shouted "God is great" as they pulled the bruised, bullet-riddled corpse through a dusty Mogadishu neighborhood.
At some point in time, the body was bound hand and foot with wire.
At some point in time, the body was wrapped in a sheet of plastic.
At some point in time, insurgents pulled the body out of a car.
At some point in time, insurgents left the body with the crowd in the northern Mogadishu neighborhood of Suqa Holaha.
At some point in time, nine Ethiopians are reportedly part of the 19 dead.
At some point in time, another battle broke out on the city's south side on Thursday morning.
At some point in time, the battle was between Ethiopian troops and insurgents armed with heavy machine guns.
At some point in time, the battle was between Ethiopian troops and insurgents armed with rocket-propelled grenades.
At some point in time, the fighting drove hundreds more people from their homes.
At some point in time, tens of thousands of people have fled in recent weeks according to aid agencies.
At some point in time, Rahma Nor Omar is an elderly woman in the capital.
At some point in time, Rahma Nor Omar said Ethiopians will launch violent attacks on the crowd.
At some point in time, Rahma Nor Omar said some of their comrades have been killed today.
At some point in time, Rahma Nor Omar said Ethiopians will be like wounded animals.
At some point in time, witnesses put the death toll from the day's clashes at 19.
At some point in time, the death toll includes Ethiopian troops, insurgents, and civilians.
At some point in time, Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia in December 2006.
At some point in time, Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia to help a weak Somali government.
At some point in time, Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia to drive the Islamic Courts Union out of Mogadishu.
At some point in time, Ethiopian troops arrived in Somalia to restore a U.N.-backed transitional government.
At some point in time, the transitional government has existed after a decade and a half of near-anarchy.
At some point in time, the Islamists responded by launching an insurgency against the Somali government.
At some point in time, the insurgency against Somali government and Ethiopian troops has lasted nearly a year.
At some point in time, the United States accused the Islamic Courts Union of harboring suspected al Qaeda figures.
At some point in time, the United States accused the Islamic Courts Union of harboring three men wanted in the 1998 bombings of U.S. embassies in Tanzania and Kenya.
At some point in time, the United States raised no objections to Ethiopian presence in Somalia.
At some point in time, Washington has long been concerned that Somalia could turn into a safe haven for terrorists.
At some point in time, Islamic Courts Union leaders denied harboring al Qaeda suspects.