At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton spun out of the Chinese Grand Prix.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton sent the world title race to a cliffhanger finale in Brazil on October 21.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton left his car after spinning into the gravel trap in Shanghai.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton can still clinch the crown with third place in the closing race.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton's 12-point lead was cut to four by Fernando Alonso in Shanghai.
At some point in time, Fernando Alonso finished second behind Kimi Raikkonen.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen kept his title hopes alive by moving within seven points of Lewis Hamilton.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton started the race in pole position.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton led Kimi Raikkonen by more than eight seconds at one stage.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton showed superb skills in the wet conditions.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton stayed out on the drying track too long on wet tires.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton's wet tires deteriorated at an alarming rate.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen took the lead from Lewis Hamilton.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton spun out onto the gravel with 25 laps to go.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen and Fernando Alonso switched to dry tires on the 32nd lap of the 56 laps.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen won the race by 9.8 seconds.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen achieved his fifth victory of the season.
Kimi Raikkonen's five victories are one more than both Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso.
At some point in time, Felipe Massa finished third in the race.
At some point in time, Sebastien Vettel finished fourth in the race.
At some point in time, Sebastien Vettel was reprimanded for causing an accident in Japan.
Lewis Hamilton was cleared of any wrongdoing in Japan.
At some point in time, Jenson Button finished fifth in a Honda.
At some point in time, Vitantonio Liuzzi finished sixth in the race.
At some point in time, Nick Heidfeld finished seventh for BMW Sauber.
At some point in time, David Coulthard finished eighth for Red Bull.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton suffered his first retirement of the season.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton expressed confidence that he could bounce back.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton apologized to his team.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton stated he was gutted after his first mistake of the year.
Lewis Hamilton usually does not make mistakes when heading into the pits.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton stated that one cannot go through life without making mistakes.
At some point in time, Lewis Hamilton is over his mistake and looks forward to Brazil.
At some point in time, McLaren boss Ron Dennis refused to blame Lewis Hamilton for the spin-off.
At some point in time, Ron Dennis stated it is too extreme to say anyone made a mistake.
At some point in time, Ron Dennis said it has been a very competitive season between McLaren drivers.
At some point in time, Ron Dennis stated that the circuit was considerably drier than the pit lane entrance.
At some point in time, Ron Dennis mentioned that it was easy to say they could have stopped earlier.
At some point in time, Ron Dennis questioned if stopping earlier would have made a difference.
At some point in time, all top teams were trying to get through the rain and straight onto a dry tire.
At some point in time, Fernando Alonso qualified for the race in fourth.
At some point in time, Fernando Alonso is seeking to become the third driver to win three world titles.
At some point in time, Fernando Alonso stated that the result was good and the eight points are a help.
At some point in time, Fernando Alonso believes the championship will still be very difficult.
At some point in time, Fernando Alonso knows it will not be easy to take four points from Lewis Hamilton.
At some point in time, Fernando Alonso needs something dramatic to win the championship.
At some point in time, Fernando Alonso stated that with a normal race it will be impossible to win.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen stated that they are back in the championship.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen believes it will be interesting in the final race.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen hopes the car is good for the final race.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen stated that it will be a battle all weekend.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen mentioned that it is not just up to them.
At some point in time, Kimi Raikkonen acknowledged that anything can happen in the championship.