At some point in time, Dennis Schmitt found an island nearly two years ago near Greenland.
At some point in time, fishermen pass by Greenland's Ilulissat fjord in September 2004.
At some point in time, the island was once thought to be a peninsula attached to Greenland by an ice shelf or a glacier.
At some point in time, a large amount of ice melted, revealing the distinct island.
At some point in time, Dennis Schmitt realized that the discovery was significant because it was an example of climate change.
At some point in time, Dennis Schmitt realized that climate change was really happening.
At some point in time, Dennis Schmitt calls his discovery Warming Island.
At some point in time, many climatologists and scientists say arctic ice melt and other changes in the Earth's climate are the result of an increase in the world's temperature.
At some point in time, the trend of increasing temperature is widely called global warming.
At some point in time, many global warming experts say the phenomenon, if unchecked, is capable of altering the world's climate and geography.
At some point in time, in the worst-case scenario, oceans could rise to overwhelming and catastrophic levels.
At some point in time, oceans rising could flood cities and alter seashores.
At some point in time, a minority of scientists and observers say the warming trend is simply the latest shift in the cyclical patterns of a planet's life.
At some point in time, most of the scientific community believes that some warming is occurring across the globe.
At some point in time, most of the scientific community believes that some warming is occurring through some layers of the atmosphere.
At some point in time, the reasons for why warming is occurring are scientifically and politically contentious.
At some point in time, the Earth's temperature averages about 60 degrees Fahrenheit.
At some point in time, the Earth's temperature averages about 16 degrees Celsius.
At some point in time, the average surface temperature has warmed one degree Fahrenheit during the last century.
At some point in time, the average surface temperature has warmed 0.6 degrees Celsius during the last century.
At some point in time, temperatures were relatively unchanged from 1880 to 1910.
At some point in time, temperatures rose until about 1945.
At some point in time, temperatures cooled until about 1975.
At some point in time, temperatures have risen steadily to the present day.
At some point in time, there are several possible reasons for the warming.
At some point in time, a change in the Earth's orbit could trigger warming or cooling.
At some point in time, the intensity of the sun's radiation could change, triggering warming or cooling.
At some point in time, the most cited reason for the current warming trend is an increase in the concentrations of greenhouse gases.
At some point in time, greenhouse gases are in the atmosphere naturally.
At some point in time, greenhouse gases help keep the planet's temperature at a comfortable level.
At some point in time, the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has increased by 35 percent since the dawn of the industrial age.
At some point in time, the increase in carbon dioxide is according to the United Nations' Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
At some point in time, the presence of methane is now 151 percent above pre-industrial levels.
At some point in time, the rate of increase of methane has slowed in recent decades.
At some point in time, nitrous oxide increased by about 18 percent during the past 200 years.
At some point in time, many scientists and experts who have studied global warming believe the increase is primarily the result of human activities.
At some point in time, human activities include the burning of fossil fuels.
At some point in time, human activities include emissions from vehicles.
At some point in time, human activities include the clearing of forests.
At some point in time, Stephen Schneider said there is no way anything natural can explain the warming trend for the last 30 years.
At some point in time, Stephen Schneider said a vast bulk of the knowledgeable and honest community will say the science is settled.
At some point in time, Stephen Schneider said humans are at least a majority of the reason behind the warming.
At some point in time, many scientific organizations share Stephen Schneider's view.
At some point in time, the scientific organizations include the national academies of the countries that comprise the G8.
At some point in time, the scientific organizations include the National Research Council.
At some point in time, the scientific organizations include the American Meteorological Society.
At some point in time, the scientific organizations include the American Geophysical Union.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen is a professor of atmospheric sciences at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen does not share Stephen Schneider's view.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen believes the current warming trend is the result of natural variability.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen believes the human contribution to the warming trend is minimal.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen said the Earth is always getting colder and warmer.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen said the Earth is always changing.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen said this is true of any fluid-covered planet.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen said the way glaciers change and move are phenomena largely unexplained.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen said glaciers change even though the temperature is cooling at the place that they've occurred.
At some point in time, Richard Lindzen said people are cherry picking events and attributing them to global warming.
At some point in time, Stephen Schneider said the current situation is a cause for concern and alarm.
At some point in time, Stephen Schneider said nobody can explain the serious melt.
At some point in time, Stephen Schneider said the models do not predict the serious melt.
At some point in time, Stephen Schneider said we do not know what is going on with the glaciers.
At some point in time, Stephen Schneider said we could be triggering something really nasty.
At some point in time, the greatest point of contention is the possible implications for future political and economic policies for the world's nations.
At some point in time, the IPCC projected in February 2007 that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels, temperatures could rise between 3.6 to 8.1 degrees Fahrenheit by 2100.
At some point in time, the IPCC projected that if carbon dioxide levels doubled relative to pre-industrial levels, temperatures could rise between 2 to 4.5 degrees Celsius by 2100.
At some point in time, the lower end of the temperature range could cause more intense hurricanes.
At some point in time, the lower end of the temperature range could cause droughts.
At some point in time, the lower end of the temperature range could cause wildfires.
At some point in time, the lower end of the temperature range could cause flooding.
At some point in time, the higher end of the temperature range could lead to catastrophes commonly associated with the visions of Hollywood filmmakers.
At some point in time, uncertainties plague such forecasts.
At some point in time, the forecasts are based on computer simulations and models.
At some point in time, the models contemplate factors associated with how the atmosphere, oceans, and continents interact.
At some point in time, the natural elements that the models contemplate have unpredictability intrinsic to them.
At some point in time, Schneider said exactly how much it is going to warm up is unknown.
At some point in time, Schneider said that it is going to warm up.
At some point in time, Schneider said he would bet anything on that.