At some point in time, two Pakistani television networks, GEO-TV and ARY Digital, were ordered off the air on Friday.
At some point in time, the order was made at the request of Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf.
At some point in time, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf has been under pressure to lift a state of emergency.
At some point in time, GEO-TV and ARY Digital offer a variety of programming, including news, entertainment, sports, and music.
GEO-TV and ARY Digital had been banned from Pakistan's cable television system since November 3.
At some point in time, other networks, including CNN and BBC, were also banned from Pakistan's cable television system.
At some point in time, the latest action prevents GEO-TV and ARY Digital from broadcasting worldwide via satellite.
At some point in time, GEO-TV President Imran Aslan stated that the action was their "window to the world."
At some point in time, GEO-TV President Imran Aslan said that GEO-TV and ARY Digital have been shut down in Pakistan since November 3.
At some point in time, the action was surprising to GEO-TV President Imran Aslan.
At some point in time, GEO-TV President Imran Aslan said that they uplink from Dubai.
At some point in time, GEO-TV President Imran Aslan stated that they never had a license to uplink from Pakistan.
At some point in time, Dubai is described as a media city.
At some point in time, Dubai is described as a haven and a sanctuary for media.
At some point in time, network officials have been in discussions with Pakistani government officials.
At some point in time, it seemed obvious to GEO-TV President Imran Aslan that the government was going to take action against the networks.
At some point in time, GEO-TV President Imran Aslan said that they were ready for the government's action to a certain extent.
At some point in time, the government has made numerous demands of GEO-TV and ARY Digital.
None of the demands from the government have been official.
At some point in time, the demands from the government have been communicated through intermediaries.
At some point in time, the demands include dulling down the content of programming.
At some point in time, the demands include not having certain anchors on programs and talk shows.
At some point in time, Musharraf's emergency order put several restrictions on the media.
At some point in time, journalists are prevented from expressing opinions prejudicial to the ideology or integrity of Pakistan.
At some point in time, journalists are restricted from covering suicide bombings and militant activity.
At some point in time, journalists could face three-year jail terms if they ridicule members of the government or armed forces.
At some point in time, almost a dozen journalists have been arrested.
Musharraf has denied that his restrictions bar criticism.
At some point in time, Musharraf stated that the restrictions only ask for responsibility in reporting.
At some point in time, Pakistan expelled three print journalists last week.
At some point in time, the three print journalists were expelled for using language in an editorial that was offensive to Musharraf.
At some point in time, the editorial criticized Musharraf and the United States and Britain for continuing to support him.
At some point in time, many Pakistani journalists have protested the restrictions.
At some point in time, some smaller television channels have complied with the government's restrictions.
At some point in time, GEO-TV and ARY Digital have refused to comply with the government's restrictions.
At some point in time, GEO-TV President Imran Aslan stated that most other channels have kowtowed to the government in order to survive.
At some point in time, Musharraf has stated that the emergency order improves stability.
At some point in time, Musharraf has stated that the emergency order will foster peaceful parliamentary elections.
At some point in time, Musharraf has expressed a desire for parliamentary elections to take place before January 9.
At some point in time, the exact date for the elections will be set by Pakistan's Election Commission.
At some point in time, opposition leaders have accused Musharraf of declaring emergency rule to maintain his hold on power.
At some point in time, opposition leaders have accused Musharraf of declaring emergency rule to avoid an expected court ruling.
At some point in time, the expected court ruling would have nullified Musharraf's election victory in October.