At some point in time, Lucky Dube was killed in an attempted car-jacking.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube was one of South Africa's most famous musicians.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube was much loved by his fellow South Africans.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube was 43 years old at the time of his death.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube was killed in Johannesburg around 8 p.m. local time on Thursday.
At some point in time, someone tried to steal Lucky Dube's car.
At some point in time, police said Lucky Dube was shot.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube attempted to escape from his attackers.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube died almost instantly from his wounds.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube's death cast a shadow over festivities ahead of South Africa's appearance in the rugby World Cup final with England.
At some point in time, news of Lucky Dube's death was the headline in many Friday newspapers.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube's death knocked the World Cup off the front pages for the first time in days.
At some point in time, callers to talk radio stations suggested the Springboks wear black armbands in remembrance of Lucky Dube.
At some point in time, Gallo Records called Lucky Dube's death "senseless and random."
At some point in time, it was not clear whether Lucky Dube's attackers knew who he was.
South Africa is one of the most dangerous societies in the world.
At some point in time, from April 2006 to March 2007, more than 19,000 South Africans were murdered.
At some point in time, from April 2006 to March 2007, more than 52,600 people were raped in South Africa.
At some point in time, from April 2006 to March 2007, nearly 13,600 people were carjacked in South Africa.
At some point in time, Mark Sutherland is the London bureau chief for Billboard Magazine.
At some point in time, Mark Sutherland said Lucky Dube was a big loss to the South African music business.
At some point in time, Mark Sutherland said Lucky Dube was one of South Africa's most successful artists.
At some point in time, Mark Sutherland said Lucky Dube was certainly one of South Africa's leading reggae artists.
At some point in time, Mark Sutherland said Lucky Dube was an extremely respected musician.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube toured extensively around the world.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube had just returned from a tour of the United States.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube's tour of the United States stretched from California to New York.
At some point in time, Gallo Records said Lucky Dube leaves "a great void" in the music industry.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube had a 25-year career.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube recorded 22 albums in Zulu, English, and Afrikaans.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube was born outside Johannesburg in 1964.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube was named "Lucky" by his mother.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube was the first child to be born after several failed pregnancies.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube started singing in 1982.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube joined a band playing Mbaqanga, or traditional Zulu music.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube began recording reggae tracks as a solo singer later in his career.
At some point in time, reggae was to dominate and define the remainder of Lucky Dube's career.
At some point in time, Ivor Haarburger is the chief executive of Gallo Music Group.
At some point in time, Ivor Haarburger said he was deeply saddened by Lucky Dube's loss.
At some point in time, Ivor Haarburger said Lucky Dube was not just an extraordinary artist.
At some point in time, Ivor Haarburger said Lucky Dube was a personal friend.
At some point in time, Ivor Haarburger said it is sad to lose such a great friend and so tragically.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube is survived by his wife, Zanele.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube is survived by his seven children.
At some point in time, Lucky Dube's children are Bongi, Nonkululeko, Thokozani, Laura, Siyanda, Philani, and three-month-old Melokuhle.