At some point in time, the man arrested for the videotaped rape of a toddler in Las Vegas, Nevada, will make his initial appearance in court on Friday.
At some point in time, a Clark County, Nevada, court official told CNN on Tuesday about the court appearance.
At some point in time, authorities have not yet decided if Chester Arthur Stiles will appear in person or via video link.
At some point in time, the judge will set a date for the arraignment at that hearing.
Chester Arthur Stiles is 37 years old.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles was taken into custody on Monday night.
At some point in time, a Henderson, Nevada, police officer pulled over the white Buick Century that Chester Arthur Stiles was driving.
At some point in time, a former girlfriend of Chester Arthur Stiles, Elaine Thomas, said that, before the arrest, she lived in fear after going to police to identify Chester Arthur Stiles.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas saw enhanced photos from the videotape on the local news.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas told CNN's Nancy Grace that she had nightmares.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas screamed when she recognized the photos on television.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas had no choice but to contact police about Chester Arthur Stiles.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas thought Chester Arthur Stiles was a "weapons enthusiast" with only a minor criminal record.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas said that she had to tell police who Chester Arthur Stiles was.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas said that the little girl suffered unimaginable things.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas knew for a fact that Chester Arthur Stiles was the man in the videotape.
At some point in time, the judge in the case will hold an administrative hearing on Wednesday.
Chester Arthur Stiles will not be present at the administrative hearing.
At some point in time, Clark County court spokesman Michael Sommermeyer said that Chester Arthur Stiles was already being sought on an unrelated 2004 charge of felony lewdness with a child under 14.
At some point in time, Michael Sommermeyer said that authorities amended the earlier filing on October 4 to include 20 counts related to the videotaped rape.
At some point in time, the 20 counts include sexual assault and attempted sexual assault.
At some point in time, Jerry T. Donohue, the attorney for the girl's mother, told CNN that the child on the videotape was younger than 3 when the abuse occurred.
At some point in time, Henderson Police Officer Mike Dye said he pulled over Chester Arthur Stiles' car on Monday night because it did not have a license plate.
At some point in time, Mike Dye became suspicious when Chester Arthur Stiles gave him an expired California driver's license with a photo that did not look like him.
At some point in time, Mike Dye and another officer, Mike Gower, questioned Chester Arthur Stiles until he admitted his identity.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles finally told the officers, "Hey, I'm Chester Stiles. I'm the guy you're looking for."
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles said, "I'm sick of running."
At some point in time, Mike Dye said Chester Arthur Stiles was calm and cooperative.
Chester Arthur Stiles is a resident of Pahrump, Nevada.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles was turned over to Las Vegas Metropolitan Police.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles was booked into the jail in Clark County.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles had been sought in connection with the videotape.
At some point in time, the videotape shows a girl being sexually assaulted.
At some point in time, the girl, who is now 7, was found last month after a nationwide search.
At some point in time, the tape was given to authorities by Darren Tuck.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck told police he found the tape in the desert five months before handing it over.
At some point in time, because of the delay, during which Darren Tuck allegedly showed the tape to others, Darren Tuck faces charges of exhibiting pornography and possession of child pornography.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck turned himself in to authorities in Nye County, Nevada, earlier this month.
At some point in time, professionals have evaluated the girl in the videotape since she was found.
At some point in time, the girl appears to be "healthy and fine and happy," according to her mother's attorney.
At some point in time, the mother had not known her daughter had ever been victimized.
At some point in time, the mother was apparently oblivious to efforts to find her until late last month.
At some point in time, Jerry T. Donohue said that a family friend called the mother and said, "My God, you need to turn on the TV. I believe that is your daughter."
At some point in time, Jerry T. Donohue said the mother recognized Chester Arthur Stiles.
Chester Arthur Stiles is a former animal trainer.
At some point in time, the alleged abuse most likely occurred while the mother was at work.
At some point in time, the mother is a single woman working six days a week.
At some point in time, another former girlfriend of Chester Arthur Stiles, Tina Allen, said this month she thinks she is the reason Chester Arthur Stiles came in contact with the girl.
At some point in time, Tina Allen is "mortified" by the allegations against Chester Arthur Stiles.
At some point in time, Tina Allen said Chester Arthur Stiles said he had been in the Navy.
At some point in time, Tina Allen was looking for a strong guy to represent to her sons what she thought they needed to be.
At some point in time, Tina Allen took Chester Arthur Stiles to a crowded apartment where her son and daughter lived.
At some point in time, a family friend and her daughter, the alleged assault victim, also lived in the apartment.
At some point in time, Todd Allen, Tina Allen's son, said he recognized his old apartment from scenes in the video.