At some point in time, the owner of a North Carolina beach house where seven college students died in a weekend fire is Chip Auman.
At some point in time, Chip Auman's family’s lives were changed forever by the tragedy.
At some point in time, Chip Auman's 18-year-old daughter survived the fire.
At some point in time, Chip Auman's daughter was hospitalized and in stable condition because of complications from smoke inhalation.
At some point in time, the thought of losing a child is unimaginable to Chip Auman.
At some point in time, Chip Auman's heart goes out to the families that lost a loved one in this situation.
At some point in time, Chip Auman said the situation was hard to fathom.
At some point in time, Chip Auman stated there are no words to describe what his family has been going through.
At some point in time, Chip Auman asked for prayers for survivors and the families of those who died.
At some point in time, Chip Auman stated that his family is numb, confused, and heartbroken.
At some point in time, two college campuses mourned on Monday.
At some point in time, six University of South Carolina students died in the fire.
At some point in time, one Clemson University student died in the fire.
At some point in time, the fire occurred early Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach, North Carolina.
At some point in time, six other South Carolina students were able to get out of the house in time.
At some point in time, the six South Carolina students were treated and released from nearby Brunswick Community Hospital.
At some point in time, Chip Auman's daughter was hospitalized again in Hartsville, South Carolina.
At some point in time, authorities from the state Bureau of Investigation are leading the investigation into the cause of the fire.
At some point in time, authorities from the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are leading the investigation into the cause of the fire.
At some point in time, Ocean Isle Beach Mayor Debbie Smith said the house was engulfed in flames when the fire department arrived on the scene.
At some point in time, the fire department arrived on the scene about five minutes after being notified.
At some point in time, the flames shot into the sky.
At some point in time, the fire ultimately left little more than portions of the framing.
Fire officials do not believe foul play was involved.
At some point in time, investigators have said it would be Tuesday or Wednesday before the identities of the victims are confirmed publicly.
At some point in time, it could be as much as a month until investigators know the cause of the fire.
At some point in time, the University of South Carolina did not cancel classes on Monday.
At some point in time, arrangements had been made for students who need to go home or stay out of class at the 28,000-student campus.
At some point in time, meetings had been held Sunday with members of Delta Delta Delta sorority.
At some point in time, meetings had been held Sunday with members of Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
At some point in time, the South Carolina students were affiliated with Delta Delta Delta sorority and Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
At some point in time, the weekend was not an official Greek function.
At some point in time, counselors and ministers were available to help students deal with the loss of their classmates.
At some point in time, the university president, Dr. Andrew Sorenson, contacted the families of those who died in the fire.
At some point in time, Dr. Andrew Sorenson expressed the condolences and support of the university community to the families of those who died in the fire.
At some point in time, Jay Laura is the student president of the USC chapter of Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
At some point in time, Jay Laura said the campus would pull together after the tragedy.
At some point in time, Jay Laura believes that South Carolina can come together to help in the healing process and the aftermath of an event like this.
At some point in time, fire survivor Tripp Wylie is a 20-year-old South Carolina sophomore.
At some point in time, Tripp Wylie jumped out of a third-story window into a canal to escape the flames.
At some point in time, Tripp Wylie was unable to get back in to help his friends.
At some point in time, Tripp Wylie could see a buddy of his off to the left who had gotten out.
At some point in time, Tripp Wylie's buddy was yelling at him to jump.
At some point in time, Tripp Wylie stated that the smoke was pouring out and he could not really breathe.
At some point in time, Tripp Wylie had to make a quick decision.
At some point in time, Tripp Wylie leaned out the window and jumped far enough to make it into the canal.
At some point in time, neighbors flocked to see the fire as firefighters battled the blaze.
At some point in time, firefighters ultimately got the blaze under control.
At some point in time, George Smith lives across the street from the house.
At some point in time, George Smith heard sirens between 6:30 and 7 a.m. George Smith went outside to see the whole sky lit up.
At some point in time, George Smith said the whole house was completely engulfed in flames, up to about 20 feet.
At some point in time, George Smith has never seen a fire move so fast.
At some point in time, George Smith said the house's occupants were partying in the house the day before the fire.
At some point in time, the house's occupants quieted down after about 10:30 p.m. Saturday.
At some point in time, Linda Sing was walking her dog when she saw the fiery destruction.
At some point in time, Linda Sing noted that firefighters had saved an adjacent house by spraying it down with water.
At some point in time, Linda Sing hoped and prayed that there were people in the house who had gotten out.
At some point in time, Linda Sing stated that this is the worst thing she has ever seen.
At some point in time, Linda Sing has experienced hurricanes, but she believes this is worse.
At some point in time, Ocean Isle Beach is a popular resort destination along North Carolina's southern coast.
At some point in time, the year-round population of the 7-mile-long island is about 425.
At some point in time, the population of Ocean Isle Beach swells to about 25,000 during the summer season.