At some point in time, former detainees of Immigration and Customs Enforcement accuse the agency in a lawsuit of forcibly injecting them with psychotropic drugs during their deportation.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth says he was injected with drugs by Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents against his will.
At some point in time, one of the drugs in question is the potent anti-psychotic drug Haldol.
At some point in time, Haldol is often used to treat schizophrenia or other mental illnesses.
At some point in time, doctors are required to see patients in person before such drugs are administered.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth of Indonesia told CNN he was injected with the drugs against his will.
At some point in time, Amadou Diouf of Senegal in West Africa told CNN he was injected with the drugs against his will.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf are plaintiffs in a class-action lawsuit brought by the American Civil Liberties Union against the government.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf are seeking an end to the alleged practice.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf are seeking unspecified damages.
At some point in time, Dr. Paul Appelbaum reviewed both Raymond Soeoth's and Amadou Diouf's medical records.
At some point in time, Dr. Paul Appelbaum was stunned by what he discovered in the medical records.
At some point in time, Dr. Paul Appelbaum is a professor of psychiatry, law, and ethics at Columbia University.
At some point in time, Dr. Paul Appelbaum serves as a member of the American Academy of Psychiatry and the Law.
At some point in time, Dr. Paul Appelbaum stated that the government has been using physicians and using potent medications inappropriately.
At some point in time, Dr. Paul Appelbaum stated that the actions of the government would be subject to a malpractice claim in the civilian world.
At some point in time, Senator Joe Lieberman raised allegations of ICE forcibly drugging deportees during the re-nomination hearing of ICE chief Julie Myers.
At some point in time, Senator Joe Lieberman's spokeswoman Leslie Phillips stated that the information received from ICE regarding the forced drugging of immigration detainees is extremely troubling.
At some point in time, Senator Joe Lieberman's spokeswoman stated that it appears ICE may have violated its own detention standards.
At some point in time, Senator Joe Lieberman intends to follow up with ICE to ensure that detainees are not drugged unless there is a medical reason to do so.
At some point in time, ACLU attorney Ahilan Arulanantham stated that it would be torture to give a powerful anti-psychotic drug to someone who isn't mentally ill.
At some point in time, Ahilan Arulanantham stated that the drugging is happening on U.S. soil to an immigrant the government is trying to deport.
At some point in time, Julie Myers stated that 1,073 immigration detainees had "medical escorts" for deportation since 2003.
At some point in time, Julie Myers stated that 56 immigration detainees received psychotropic medications during the removal process from October last year to the end of April this year.
At some point in time, Julie Myers stated that 33 detainees received medication because of combative behavior with the imminent risk of danger to others and/or self.
At some point in time, Julie Myers expressed awareness and deep concern about reports that past practices may not have conformed to ICE detention standards.
At some point in time, Julie Myers stated that no detainee should be involuntarily medicated without a court order, except in emergency situations.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf state that they had not exhibited any combative behavior.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth is a Christian minister from Indonesia.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth spent 27 months in detention awaiting deportation after his bid for political asylum was rejected.
At some point in time, hours before Raymond Soeoth was to be sent back home on December 7, 2004, guards injected him with a mystery drug.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth states that the mystery drug made him groggy for two days.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth states that he was taken to Los Angeles International Airport while in a drug-induced stupor.
At some point in time, two hours before takeoff, airline security refused to transport Raymond Soeoth.
At some point in time, ICE agents returned Raymond Soeoth to his cell at Terminal Island near Los Angeles.
At some point in time, Terminal Island is a crowded facility along the ocean where hundreds of illegal immigrants await deportation.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth's medical records indicate he was injected with Cogentin and Haldol.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth's medical records show he has no history of mental illness.
At some point in time, the government states that Raymond Soeoth was injected with the drug after he said he would kill himself if deported.
Raymond Soeoth denies ever making the remark about killing himself if deported.
At some point in time, ICE stated in a written statement that it couldn't respond to specific allegations due to pending litigation.
At some point in time, the ICE statement said that Department of Homeland Security law enforcement personnel may not and do not prescribe or administer medication to detainees.
At some point in time, only trained and qualified medical professionals, including officers of the U.S. Public Health Service, may prescribe or administer medication.
At some point in time, Amadou Diouf states that he was injected on the plane right before he was to be deported.
At some point in time, Amadou Diouf states that he had a federal stay of his deportation and the paperwork to prove it.
At some point in time, Amadou Diouf states that his U.S. government escorts wouldn't let him show the paperwork to the pilot of the plane.
At some point in time, Amadou Diouf states that he was wrestled to the ground and injected through his clothes.
At some point in time, a government report states that Amadou Diouf was medicated because he did not follow orders.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf remain in the United States pending a decision in their case.
At some point in time, if Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf lose their case, they may land back in the hands of ICE.
At some point in time, if Raymond Soeoth and Amadou Diouf lose their case, they may once again face deportation.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth states that he is traumatized by what happened.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth states that what was done to him was very, very bad.
At some point in time, Raymond Soeoth states that he knows this country is very generous to immigrants.