At some point in time, everyone goes through a rebellious phase.
At some point in time, if a person is lucky, that person will be able to look back on those years and laugh.
At some point in time, if a person is less lucky, that person spent those years on a reality show.
At some point in time, millions of strangers can look back on those years and laugh instead.
At some point in time, in modern times, cats frolic among the ruins of ancient Rome.
At some point in time, a person could be responsible for the fall of Western Civilization.
At some point in time, Justa Grata Honoria was a Roman princess.
At some point in time, Honoria's wild ways and naked ambition set off a chain reaction.
At some point in time, the chain reaction culminated in the destruction of the Roman Empire.
At some point in time, Honoria possessed all the attributes befitting a Roman emperor.
At some point in time, Honoria lacked a Y chromosome.
At some point in time, Honoria watched as her six-year-old brother, Valentinian III, was crowned emperor of the Western Roman Empire.
At some point in time, Honoria was set aside to await a suitable marriage.
At some point in time, Honoria was hardly content to lead a quiet and chaste life.
At some point in time, Honoria rebelled with aplomb.
At some point in time, Honoria slept her way through the royal court while still in her teens.
At some point in time, Honoria's after-hours habits caused quite the scandal.
At some point in time, Honoria's after-hours habits failed to satiate her need for attention and power.
At some point in time, Honoria set her eyes on the throne.
At some point in time, Honoria seduced her brother's royal chamberlain, Eugenius.
At some point in time, Honoria and Eugenius plotted to murder Valentinian and seize power.
At some point in time, Eugenius was executed.
At some point in time, Honoria was sent to a convent in Constantinople.
At some point in time, life as a nun was a fate worse than death for Honoria.
At some point in time, even life as a nun couldn't quell Honoria's ambition.
At some point in time, Honoria spent her years at the nunnery plotting escape attempts.
At some point in time, Honoria turned to sources outside the empire out of sheer desperation.
At some point in time, Honoria needed a savior powerful enough to defy Valentinian.
At some point in time, Honoria's savior would have to risk open war with Rome.
At some point in time, Attila was the king of the Huns.
At some point in time, Attila fit the description of Honoria's savior.
At some point in time, Honoria got Attila's attention with a mutually beneficial proposal.
At some point in time, if Attila would rescue Honoria, she would marry him.
At some point in time, if Attila married Honoria, he would get half of the Western Empire as her dowry.
At some point in time, Honoria was in no position to rightfully offer any portion of the Roman Empire.
At some point in time, Honoria was betting that after marrying her, Attila would conquer the whole Empire.
At some point in time, Honoria believed she would become queen after Attila conquered the whole Empire.
At some point in time, Attila had secretly been planning a move against Rome for years.
At some point in time, Honoria's letter gave Attila the perfect opportunity to strike.
At some point in time, Attila told Valentinian that he planned to marry Honoria.
At some point in time, Attila demanded the dowry he had been promised from Valentinian.
At some point in time, Valentinian refused Attila's demand.
At some point in time, Attila used his status as a "wronged husband" to invade Roman territory in 451 C.E.
At some point in time, the Hun armies quickly swept through the Empire.
At some point in time, the Hun armies destroyed everything in their path.
At some point in time, the Hun armies eventually arrived in Rome.
At some point in time, Rome would have been annihilated were it not for the famine and disease that devastated the Huns during the invasion.
At some point in time, Rome survived Attila's assault with the help of the Visigoths.
At some point in time, the Western Empire never recovered.
At some point in time, within a generation, the armies of the Goths, Franks, and Huns had overrun the area.
At some point in time, Honoria became neither Roman empress nor a Hun queen.
At some point in time, Attila never rescued Honoria.
At some point in time, Honoria was eventually sent back to Rome.
At some point in time, Honoria was left to her brother's justice.
At some point in time, Valentinian did not want to cause a scandal by having Honoria executed.
At some point in time, Valentinian was unwilling to send Honoria back into exile.
At some point in time, Valentinian settled on a suitable third option for Honoria.
At some point in time, Honoria was married off to an elderly Roman senator.
At some point in time, the rest of Honoria's life went unrecorded by history.