At some point in time, Federal Emergency Management Agency officials know the agency's performance in the California wildfires will be watched closely for comparisons to its failures in Hurricane Katrina.
At some point in time, a volunteer distributes donated food and supplies to evacuees at San Diego's Qualcomm Stadium.
At some point in time, FEMA Director David Paulison promised on Tuesday that there will be a different type of response than the federal government put together for Hurricane Katrina.
At some point in time, David Paulison said Hurricane Katrina was a wake-up call.
At some point in time, David Paulison stated that this is a new FEMA.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush signed a federal disaster declaration on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the federal disaster declaration frees up federal funds for families affected by the wildfires in seven counties in Southern California.
At some point in time, the seven counties affected by the wildfires are Los Angeles, Orange, Riverside, San Bernardino, San Diego, Santa Barbara, and Ventura.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush said he is looking forward to his visit to the region on Thursday.
At some point in time, the federal disaster declaration will allow for federal aid.
At some point in time, federal aid can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs.
At some point in time, federal aid can include low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses.
At some point in time, federal aid can include other programs to help individuals and business owners recover from the effects of the disaster.
At some point in time, FEMA and other relief and rescue services face significantly different challenges in the fire zone than they did on the Gulf Coast in 2005.
At some point in time, the fires are not covering every square foot of the region, as Hurricane Katrina did.
At some point in time, the devastation in California is intense but not universal.
At some point in time, during and immediately after Hurricane Katrina, the destruction was so complete that relief personnel and supplies could not get within miles of the disaster's epicenter, New Orleans' Lower Ninth Ward, for several days.
At some point in time, roads in Southern California have remained open for residents to get out and help to get in without delay.
At some point in time, residents in Southern California are generally more affluent.
At some point in time, residents in Southern California are able to use their own vehicles to escape.
At some point in time, many of Hurricane Katrina's victims were poor and had no means of transportation.
At some point in time, victims in California are not stranded on rooftops without food or drinkable water.
At some point in time, victims in California are able to travel the relatively short distances to safe places.
At some point in time, one of those safe places is San Diego's Qualcomm Stadium.
At some point in time, Qualcomm Stadium is not endangered by the fires.
At some point in time, FEMA and other relief agencies are able to stage supplies and meet victims' needs in an organized way.
At some point in time, New Orleans' Superdome was severely damaged by hurricane winds.
At some point in time, New Orleans' Superdome was threatened by rising water.
At some point in time, what had been a shelter devolved into a trap.
At some point in time, Hurricane Katrina wiped out the Gulf Coast's communications infrastructure.
At some point in time, Hurricane Katrina crippled the coordination of relief efforts, even for the military.
At some point in time, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff acknowledged on Tuesday that the government's response machinery had benefited from the Hurricane Katrina experience.
At some point in time, Michael Chertoff stated that there were a couple of lessons from Hurricane Katrina that have been put into effect for the California wildfires.
At some point in time, one lesson from Hurricane Katrina is planning and preparation in advance for these kinds of challenges.
At some point in time, planning and preparation in advance for these kinds of challenges involved working together and planning together with the Defense Department and with state authorities well in advance of the crisis.
At some point in time, planning and preparation in advance has been a big help for the California wildfires response.
At some point in time, another lesson from Hurricane Katrina is flooding the zone as quickly as possible by staging assets to deal with both the firefighting issue and the response issue.
At some point in time, federal officials began discussing over the weekend the need to have FEMA ready.
At some point in time, as the evacuation issue became more prominent, and the number of people seeking shelter became more prominent, federal officials sprang into action yesterday.
At some point in time, federal officials have been monitoring the situation continuously.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush has been on top of the situation.
At some point in time, federal officials are going to continue to stay ahead of the situation as far as they can.
At some point in time, Michael Chertoff stated that he hadn't waited for the paperwork to be signed before staging assistance.
At some point in time, federal officials have been moving cots, blankets, and other supplies into the area of San Diego.
At some point in time, federal officials are moving supplies into the area of San Diego to handle any necessity for additional sheltering capacity.
At some point in time, federal officials have moved air assets to be poised to take flight when there is an opportunity to deal with the fire.
At some point in time, people left homeless by the fires can already go online to apply for federal help at www.fema.gov.
At some point in time, David Paulison denied suggestions that the federal response was hampered because National Guard equipment was in short supply because of the Iraq War.
At some point in time, David Paulison has not seen evidence that the federal response was hampered due to National Guard equipment being in short supply because of the Iraq War.
At some point in time, the U.S. military has sent aircraft to help fight the fires.
At some point in time, the U.S. military has sent 11 Defense Department helicopters equipped with water buckets to help fight the fires.
At some point in time, the U.S. military has sent six C-130 aircraft able to drop water and flame retardant to help fight the fires.
At some point in time, more than 17,000 National Guardsmen have been made available.
At some point in time, 550 Marines were ready for deployment from Camp Pendleton, north of San Diego.
At some point in time, 12 Defense Department firefighting teams were engaged.