At some point in time, the acrimony from the Republican campaign trail carried over quickly into the CNN/YouTube GOP presidential debate on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the CNN/YouTube GOP presidential debate marked the first time the Republican candidates faced off on the same stage in over a month.
At some point in time, there are five weeks to go until the first contest of the 2008 nominating season.
At some point in time, the Republican candidates engaged in a free-for-all during the debate.
At some point in time, the Republican candidates tried to differentiate their views on immigration.
At some point in time, the Republican candidates tried to differentiate their views on the Iraq war.
At some point in time, the Republican candidates tried to differentiate their views on abortion.
At some point in time, the Republican candidates tried to differentiate their views on gun control.
At some point in time, the Republican candidates even discussed whether they believed every word in the Bible was true.
At some point in time, unlike previous debates, the candidates focused most of their attacks on each other during this debate.
At some point in time, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney traded jabs over illegal immigration.
At some point in time, Giuliani and Romney have been arguing about illegal immigration on the campaign trail for the past month.
At some point in time, Romney attacked Giuliani's record on illegal immigration.
At some point in time, Giuliani promoted illegal immigration as mayor of New York City.
At some point in time, Giuliani accused Romney of having a "sanctuary mansion" at his own home.
At some point in time, Giuliani claimed there were six sanctuary cities during Romney's tenure.
At some point in time, Giuliani claimed Romney did nothing about the six sanctuary cities.
At some point in time, Giuliani claimed illegal immigrants were employed at Romney's home.
At some point in time, Romney denied Giuliani's allegation.
At some point in time, Romney and Giuliani raised their voices as they tried to talk over each other.
At some point in time, Romney appealed to the hard-line immigration wing of the Republican Party.
At some point in time, Romney turned some of his fire on the same topic toward former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee.
At some point in time, Huckabee has been rising in the polls.
At some point in time, Rep. Tom Tancredo anchored his candidacy on securing the borders.
At some point in time, Tancredo expressed delight with the give and take during the debate.
At some point in time, Tancredo said the other candidates were trying to "out-Tancredo" him.
At some point in time, Huckabee drew one of the largest cheers of the night when he said he would abolish the Internal Revenue Service to control federal spending.
At some point in time, Huckabee claimed most people in the country are more afraid of an audit than they are of a mugging.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain is the most hawkish of the candidates.
At some point in time, Rep. Ron Paul is the most anti-war of the candidates.
At some point in time, McCain and Paul tangled on two occasions over the Iraq war.
At some point in time, Paul claimed bringing the troops home from Iraq would save "a trillion dollars." At some point in time, McCain claimed isolationism caused World War II.
At some point in time, McCain's statement drew some hoots from the crowd.
At some point in time, Paul questioned why he receives the most money from active duty officers and military personnel.
At some point in time, a retired brigadier general, Keith Kerr, is gay.
At some point in time, Kerr asked the candidates if they thought U.S. military personnel were professional enough to work with gay and lesbian troops.
At some point in time, CNN learned that a June media release from the campaign of Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton listed Kerr as a member of its steering committee for gay and lesbian supporters.
At some point in time, David Bohrman, CNN senior vice president and executive producer of the debate, said CNN regrets the incident.
At some point in time, CNN would not have used Kerr's question had they known he was connected to any presidential candidate.
At some point in time, Kerr told CNN after the debate that he has not worked for the Clinton campaign.
At some point in time, Kerr said he was representing no one other than himself.
At some point in time, Kerr is a member of the Log Cabin Republicans.
At some point in time, the Log Cabin Republicans is a national gay and lesbian Republican grass-roots organization.
At some point in time, CNN verified Kerr's military background prior to the debate.
At some point in time, Kerr had not contributed money to any presidential candidate.
At some point in time, three of the GOP presidential hopefuls do not own guns: McCain, Giuliani, and Romney.
At some point in time, former Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson owns a couple of guns.
At some point in time, Thompson will not disclose what guns he owns or where they are located.
At some point in time, a viewer holding the Bible asked the candidates if they believe every word of the Bible.
At some point in time, Huckabee said he believes the Bible is exactly what it is.
At some point in time, Giuliani believes the Bible, but not "literally true in every respect." At some point in time, Romney stammered when asked if he believed every word of the Bible.
At some point in time, Romney said the Bible is the word of God.
At some point in time, Romney might interpret the word differently than others.
At some point in time, Romney reads the Bible and believes it is the word of God.
At some point in time, Romney said he was wrong in favoring a woman's right to choose.
At some point in time, Romney's position when he was elected governor of Massachusetts was in favor of a woman's right to choose.
At some point in time, Romney said if people are looking for someone who has never made a mistake on a policy issue, they will have to find somebody else.
At some point in time, Romney admitted he was wrong on abortion.
At some point in time, Romney's remarks came in response to a 30-second video produced for the debate by Thompson's campaign.
At some point in time, the video included a clip of Romney expressing support for Roe vs. Wade during a 1994 debate against Sen. Ted Kennedy.
At some point in time, Paul said the issue of what women and doctors should be charged with if abortion becomes illegal is not an issue for the president or the federal government.
At some point in time, Paul said there is no need for a federal abortion police.
At some point in time, Paul said the issue should be left to the states and courts.
At some point in time, Thompson said he has never met a tax he liked.
At some point in time, Thompson has a tax-cut bill on the table.
At some point in time, Thompson does not do pledges to anyone but the American people.
At some point in time, Thompson's response was met with a "Go, Fred, go!" from a member of the audience.
At some point in time, Rep. Duncan Hunter said China is cheating on trade.
At some point in time, Hunter said it is in the interest of the United States to stop China's cheating.
At some point in time, Hunter suggested buying American this Christmas season might keep neighbors from losing their jobs.
At some point in time, the candidates fielded video questions submitted by the public via the YouTube website.
At some point in time, the debate was the first time the GOP candidates faced off on the same stage in over a month.
At some point in time, CNN's political team viewed nearly 5,000 videos for the GOP debate.
At some point in time, CNN's political team viewed about 2,000 more videos for the GOP debate than they saw for the Democrats' debate.