At some point in time, most of the 103 children that a French charity attempted to take to France from Chad for adoption are neither Sudanese nor orphans.
At some point in time, three international aid agencies reported on Thursday that most of the children are neither Sudanese nor orphans.
At some point in time, hundreds of women protested child trafficking and shouted anti-French slogans on Wednesday in Abeche, Chad.
At some point in time, six members of Zoe's Ark were arrested last week.
At some point in time, Zoe's Ark tried to put the children on a plane to France.
At some point in time, the charity said host families were waiting to take the children in France.
At some point in time, three French journalists were arrested.
At some point in time, a seven-member Spanish flight crew was arrested.
At some point in time, one Belgian was arrested.
At some point in time, representatives of the journalists said they were unaware of problems with Zoe's Ark.
At some point in time, representatives of the journalists thought they were on a humanitarian mission.
At some point in time, Chadian President Idriss Deby hopes the journalists will be freed.
At some point in time, Chadian President Idriss Deby hopes the flight crew will be freed.
At some point in time, Mahamat Hissene is the chief of staff for Chadian President Idriss Deby.
At some point in time, Chadian President Idriss Deby would legally be able to intervene in the case if it is transferred from a judge in Abeche to a judge in N'Djamena.
At some point in time, the transfer will take place on Monday.
At some point in time, the International Red Cross Committee reported that most of the children were living with their families before Zoe's Ark took them.
At some point in time, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees reported that most of the children were living with their families before Zoe's Ark took them.
At some point in time, UNICEF reported that most of the children were living with their families before Zoe's Ark took them.
At some point in time, the charity said the children were Sudanese orphans.
At some point in time, Zoe's Ark was trying to rescue the children from a war-torn nation.
At some point in time, most of the children probably come from Chadian villages along Chad's border with Sudan.
At some point in time, the children have been living in an orphanage in Abeche.
At some point in time, authorities and aid agencies are trying to determine the identities of the children.
At some point in time, Chadian authorities accused Zoe's Ark of kidnapping the children.
At some point in time, Chadian authorities accused Zoe's Ark of concealing the identities of the children.
At some point in time, Chad's interior minister said Zoe's Ark dressed the children in bandages and fake intravenous drips.
At some point in time, Zoe's Ark dressed the children in bandages and fake intravenous drips to make them look like refugees who needed medical help.
At some point in time, the charity workers have been charged with kidnapping.
At some point in time, the charity workers have been charged with extortion.
At some point in time, the charity workers could face 20 years of hard labor if convicted.
At some point in time, the Spaniards are charged with complicity.
At some point in time, the Belgian is charged with complicity.
At some point in time, the Spanish flight crew is innocent.
At some point in time, a company executive said the Spanish flight crew should be released.
At some point in time, Antoni Cajal is the sales director of Spain's Gir Jet charter firm.
At some point in time, Antoni Cajal said, "We thought we were doing a humanitarian transport."
At some point in time, Antoni Cajal said, "If an NGO has done something wrong, it's impossible for us to know."
At some point in time, Spain's Foreign Ministry has publicly expressed its disagreement with the charges.
At some point in time, Spain's Foreign Ministry has dispatched top diplomats to Chad.
At some point in time, Spain's Foreign Ministry is trying to win the group's release.
At some point in time, the captain appealed urgently to be rescued.
At some point in time, the captain feared the crew could be harmed or killed.
At some point in time, the four women are in good condition in custody.
At some point in time, the three men are in good condition in custody.
At some point in time, Cajal based his statement on conversations with a Spanish consular official.
At some point in time, the Spanish consular official came from Cameroon to Chad.
At some point in time, the Spanish consular official has been able to visit the crew.
At some point in time, the detention is the first problem of its kind for the company.
At some point in time, the company hopes government negotiations can resolve the issue.
At some point in time, Zoe's Ark describes itself as a nonprofit organization based in Paris.
At some point in time, Zoe's Ark sends teams of physicians, nurses, firefighters, and other specialists to care for children in war zones.
At some point in time, Zoe's Ark places children with families in France.
At some point in time, families in France then apply for asylum on behalf of the children.
At some point in time, the Red Cross, UNHCR, and UNICEF said the 21 girls and 82 boys range in age from about 1 year to about 10 years.
At some point in time, the 21 girls and 82 boys are healthy.
At some point in time, the agencies have been interviewing the children individually.
At some point in time, the agencies are trying to determine the backgrounds of the children.
At some point in time, some of the children could not provide any information due to their young age.
At some point in time, the interviews led to the preliminary conclusion that probably 85 children come from Chadian villages near the cities of Adre and Tine.
At some point in time, the agencies said 91 children said they had been living with their family.
At some point in time, the family of the 91 children consists of at least one adult they considered to be their parent.
At some point in time, interviews with the remaining 12 children are ongoing.
At some point in time, the agencies called their investigation painstaking and challenging.
At some point in time, the investigation is challenging because of the number of children.
At some point in time, the investigation is challenging because of the youth of the children.
At some point in time, the investigation is challenging because of the situation in the region.
At some point in time, other French charities questioned whether Zoe's Ark could legally arrange adoption of children from Darfur.
At some point in time, other French charities contacted French authorities.
At some point in time, French authorities reacted angrily to the Zoe's Ark trip.
At some point in time, French authorities called the group's actions illegal and irresponsible.
At some point in time, the French Foreign Ministry has said the dispute will not affect France's participation in a European peacekeeping force.
At some point in time, the European peacekeeping force is due to be deployed along the border between Chad and Sudan.
At some point in time, the Republic of Congo said it was suspending all international adoptions.
At some point in time, Reporters Without Borders said it will work for the release of the three journalists arrested in Chad.
At some point in time, photographers Marc Garmirian and Jean-Daniel Guillou were on assignment for their news organizations.
At some point in time, Marc Garmirian is from the Capa news agency.
At some point in time, Jean-Daniel Guillou is from the Synchro X agency.
At some point in time, Marie-Agnes Peleran was traveling with the group in a personal capacity.
At some point in time, Marie-Agnes Peleran carried a camera from her station.
At some point in time, Marie-Agnes Peleran is from the TV station France 3 Miditerranee.