At some point in time, the women in Baghdad are too afraid and ashamed to show their faces or have their real names used.
At some point in time, the women in Baghdad have been driven to sell their bodies to put food on the table for their children.
At some point in time, the women in Baghdad sell their bodies for as little as $8 a day.
At some point in time, Suha is 37 years old.
At some point in time, Suha is a mother of three children.
At some point in time, Suha's husband thinks Suha is cleaning houses when Suha leaves home.
At some point in time, Suha believes people should not criticize women or talk badly about them.
At some point in time, Suha wears a light-colored scarf to avoid extremists who insist women cover themselves.
At some point in time, Suha states that people say women have lost their way.
People never ask why women had to take this path.
At some point in time, Suha wears light makeup.
At some point in time, Suha wears a gold pendant of Iraq around her neck.
At some point in time, Suha has an unexpected air of elegance about her.
At some point in time, Suha does not have money to take her child to the doctor.
At some point in time, Suha has to do anything that she can to preserve her child.
At some point in time, Suha explains that she prostitutes herself.
At some point in time, anger and frustration rise in Suha's voice as she speaks.
At some point in time, Suha states that no matter what else she may be, she is a mother.
At some point in time, Suha's hands clench and unclench nervously.
At some point in time, Suha's husband thinks that Suha is cleaning houses when Suha goes away.
At some point in time, Karima's family thinks that Karima is cleaning homes.
At some point in time, Karima was cleaning homes at the start.
At some point in time, Karima was not making much money while cleaning homes.
At some point in time, no matter how hard Karima worked, it just was not enough.
At some point in time, Karima's husband died of lung cancer nine months ago.
At some point in time, Karima's husband left her with nothing.
At some point in time, Karima has five children.
At some point in time, Karima's children are ages 8 to 17.
At some point in time, Karima's eldest son could work.
At some point in time, Karima is too afraid for her son's life to let him go into the streets.
At some point in time, Karima prefers to sacrifice herself than risk her child.
At some point in time, Karima was solicited for the first time when she was cleaning an office.
At some point in time, people took advantage of Karima.
At some point in time, Karima initially rejected prostitution.
At some point in time, Karima realized she has to engage in prostitution.
At some point in time, both Suha and Karima have clients that call them a couple of times a week.
At some point in time, other women resort to trips to the market to find potential clients.
At some point in time, other women flag down vehicles to find potential clients.
At some point in time, prostitution is a choice that more and more Iraqi women are making just to survive.
At some point in time, Suha states that prostitution is increasing.
At some point in time, Suha found prostitution through her friend.
At some point in time, Suha has another friend in the same predicament as her.
At some point in time, Suha's friend is forced to engage in prostitution because of the circumstance.
At some point in time, violence, increased cost of living, and lack of any sort of government aid leave women like Suha and Karima with few other options.
At some point in time, humanitarian workers state that there is a population of women who have to sell their bodies in order to keep their children alive.
At some point in time, Yanar Mohammed is the head and founder of the Organization for Women's Freedom in Iraq.
At some point in time, Yanar Mohammed states that it is a taboo that no one is speaking about.
At some point in time, Yanar Mohammed adds that there is a huge population of women who were victims of war.
At some point in time, victims of war had to sell their bodies and their souls.
At some point in time, victims of war lost it all.
At some point in time, Yanar Mohammed states that it crushes her to see the victims of war.
At some point in time, Yanar Mohammed's team works on the issue of women engaging in prostitution.
At some point in time, Yanar Mohammed's team started a team of women activists.
At some point in time, Yanar Mohammed's team pounds the streets of Baghdad looking for victims.
At some point in time, many victims are too humiliated to come forward.
At some point in time, most of the women that Basma Rahim finds at hospitals have tried to commit suicide.
At some point in time, most of the women that Basma Rahim finds at hospitals have been involved in prostitution.
At some point in time, Basma Rahim states that the team's aim is to compile information on specific cases.
At some point in time, Basma Rahim's team aims to present information to Iraq's political parties.
At some point in time, Basma Rahim wants Iraq's political parties to tell them what they are going to do about the issue.
At some point in time, Basma Rahim tells the story of one woman who lives in a room with three of her children.
At some point in time, the woman has sex while her three children are in the room.
At some point in time, the woman makes her three children stand in separate corners.
At some point in time, Rahim and Mohammed state that most of the women they encounter are driven to prostitution by a desperate desire for survival.
At some point in time, the circumstances in Iraq are dangerously violent and unforgiving.
At some point in time, the women took this path but they are not pleased.
At some point in time, Karima states that when she sees her children with food on the table, she is able to convince herself that it is worth it.
At some point in time, Karima states that everything is for the children.
At some point in time, Karima believes her children are the beauty in life.
At some point in time, Karima believes that without her children, she cannot live.
At some point in time, Karima would never allow her daughter to engage in prostitution.
At some point in time, Karima would rather marry her daughter off at 13 than have her daughter go through prostitution.
At some point in time, Karima's last happy memory is of her late husband.
At some point in time, Karima's last happy memory is of when they were a family.
At some point in time, Karima's last happy memory is of when they were able to shoulder the hardships of life together.
At some point in time, Suha dreamed of being a doctor as a young girl.
At some point in time, Suha's mother boasted about Suha's potential in a medical career.
At some point in time, life could not have taken Suha further from her dream of being a doctor.
At some point in time, Suha states that it is not like women were born into prostitution.
At some point in time, Suha states that prostitution was never in her blood.
At some point in time, what Suha does for her family to survive now eats away at her.
At some point in time, Suha lays on her pillow and her brain spins.
At some point in time, Suha's memories come back to her as if she is watching a movie.