At some point in time, an 18-year-old shooter shot eight people inside his high school in southern Finland.
At some point in time, the shooter turned the gun on himself.
At some point in time, the shooter has died.
At some point in time, police confirmed the dead numbered two girls.
At some point in time, police confirmed the dead numbered five boys.
At some point in time, police confirmed the dead numbered the school's headmistress at Jokela High in Tuusula.
At some point in time, ten other people were taken to a hospital with minor injuries.
At some point in time, the shooter was identified as Pekka Eric Auvinen.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen died at Toolo Hospital.
At some point in time, police said Pekka Eric Auvinen took his own life.
At some point in time, the shooting was the first school shooting in Finland since 1989.
At some point in time, a 14-year-old student shot and killed two others in the coastal town of Rauma in 1989.
At some point in time, police said Pekka Eric Auvinen acted alone.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen had no previous criminal record.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen had never threatened anyone from the school before.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen published a manifesto online.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen demanded war on the "weak-minded masses."
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen pledged to die for his cause.
At some point in time, YouTube removed 89 videos linked to Pekka Eric Auvinen's account.
At some point in time, many of the removed videos featured Nazi imagery.
At some point in time, someone posted a message two weeks ago on the website.
At some point in time, the message warned of a bloodbath at the school.
At some point in time, a video was posted earlier on Wednesday by "Sturmgeist89."
At some point in time, the video was titled "Jokela High School Massacre - 11/7/2007."
At some point in time, "Sturmgeist89" identified himself as Pekka Eric Auvinen.
At some point in time, "Sturmgeist89" chose the name "Sturmgeist" because it means "storm spirit" in German.
At some point in time, the video showed a picture of Jokela High School.
At some point in time, the picture disintegrated to reveal two images of Pekka Eric Auvinen against a red background.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen was pointing a gun at the screen.
At some point in time, the clip was accompanied by the song "Stray Bullet" from the rock band KMFDM.
At some point in time, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold were the students behind the 1999 Columbine High School massacre.
At some point in time, Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold cited KMFDM's lyrics.
At some point in time, another short video clip was called "Just Testing My Gun."
At some point in time, the video showed Pekka Eric Auvinen loading and cocking a handgun.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen fired and hit several pieces of fruit in a wooded area.
At some point in time, the camera showed a close-up of the destroyed fruit.
At some point in time, the camera then showed a full-screen shot of Pekka Eric Auvinen again.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen waved at the camera.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen then walked out of view.
At some point in time, the site indicated that Pekka Eric Auvinen appeared to be fascinated with killing.
At some point in time, the site included video footage of the Columbine school shootings.
At some point in time, the site included clips of the 1993 Waco siege in the United States.
At some point in time, the site included clips of the 1995 sarin gas attack in Tokyo.
At some point in time, the site included clips of bombs falling on Baghdad during the 2003 invasion.
At some point in time, many clips showed victims being wheeled away.
At some point in time, many clips showed people running for their lives.
At some point in time, the single word "DIE" constantly flashed across the screen.
At some point in time, other video clips included Nazi-war-criminal footage.
At some point in time, in the rambling text posted on the site, Pekka Eric Auvinen said that he is "a cynical existentialist, anti-human humanist, anti-social social-Darwinist, realistic idealist and god-like atheist."
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen wrote, "I am prepared to fight and die for my cause."
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen wrote, "I, as a natural selector, will eliminate all who I see unfit, disgraces of human race and failures of natural selection."
At some point in time, the police said they had been fired at when they arrived at the school at 11:45 p.m. local time.
At some point in time, the police arrived at the school at 11:45 p.m. local time.
At some point in time, the police described the scene as chaotic.
At some point in time, some of the 460 students were breaking windows in an attempt to escape.
At some point in time, the students ranged in age from 12 to 18.
At some point in time, when the police's special SWAT unit entered the high school, they found the gunman unconscious.
At some point in time, the gunman was in critical condition in the lower lobby of the building.
At some point in time, the gunman had a gunshot wound to his head.
At some point in time, police assume the gunman tried to take his own life.
At some point in time, no officers fired at the gunman.
At some point in time, several bodies were found in the same location.
At some point in time, the shooting is believed to have begun in the same location.
At some point in time, police could not confirm comments by some students that Pekka Eric Auvinen was firing through doors.
At some point in time, police said the gun Pekka Eric Auvinen used was fully licensed.
At some point in time, the gun had been purchased less than a month ago on October 19.
At some point in time, the legal age limit to own a gun in Finland is 18.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen passed the legal age limit in June of this year.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen had a recommendation from a shooting club when he obtained the gun.
At some point in time, Pekka Eric Auvinen practiced sharp-shooting as a hobby at a shooting range.
At some point in time, Finland has a high proportion of gun ownership.
At some point in time, two million firearms are owned in Finland.
At some point in time, Finland has a population of only five million.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru is one of the school's teachers.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru made comments on radio station YLE.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru described how the headmistress used the public address system around noon.
At some point in time, the headmistress told pupils to stay in classrooms.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru locked his classroom door.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru waited in the corridor for more news.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru saw the gunman running with what appeared to be a small-caliber handgun in his hand.
At some point in time, the gunman was running through the doors towards Kim Kiuru.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru escaped to the corridor downstairs.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru ran in the opposite direction.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru saw a woman's body as he fled the school.
At some point in time, Kim Kiuru told his pupils to leave the building through the windows.