At some point in time, a wide-open presidential race will lead to historic spending for political and issue-advocacy advertising in the 2008 election cycle.
At some point in time, candidates, interest groups, unions, and corporations are willing to buy TV time.
At some point in time, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney has spent the most on TV advertising among presidential contenders so far.
At some point in time, the cost to try to influence the 2008 election could exceed $3 billion.
At some point in time, TNS Media Intelligence/Campaign Media Analysis Group estimates that political and issue-advocacy television advertising in 2004 was $1.7 billion.
At some point in time, the amount spent on political and issue-advocacy TV commercials in 2006 was $2.3 billion.
At some point in time, just about every candidate running for an office from dogcatcher to president is spending money on advertising.
The costs to produce a TV commercial are no longer prohibitive for local and state candidates.
At some point in time, local and state candidates are turning more to the airwaves to reach voters.
At some point in time, interest groups have spent $6.2 million on TV ads for state and local ballot measures so far this year.
At some point in time, the cost of issue-advocacy television ad spending on the national level was $270 million in the first nine months of this year.
At some point in time, subjects of issue-advocacy ads ranged from the Iraq war to telecommunications reform.
At some point in time, television ads on health care alone total $60 million.
At some point in time, CMAG estimates that more than $3 million of the $270 million spent on issue-advocacy ads this year has gone for commercials in states and districts likely to have competitive House and Senate races in 2008.
At some point in time, Evan Tracey believes that interest groups are pivoting from legislative advocacy mode to political mode.
At some point in time, groups will take a more aggressive stance on their advertising and actually target candidates between now and the end of the primaries and through the general election.
At some point in time, there are 17 Democratic and Republican candidates running for president.
At some point in time, CMAG predicts that more than $800 million will be spent on TV ads in the battle for the White House.
At some point in time, political commercials have been largely focused on the early states of Iowa, New Hampshire, and South Carolina.
At some point in time, voters in some of the 20-plus states holding nominating contests on February 5 will start seeing ads in the coming months.
At some point in time, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney has aired his commercials more than 11,000 times this year at a cost of nearly $8.6 million.
At some point in time, this is a record for the number of airings at this point in a presidential election cycle.
At some point in time, former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani has spent nothing on television ads.
At some point in time, Rudy Giuliani leads in the national polls.
At some point in time, Rudy Giuliani is within striking distance of the lead in several state surveys.
At some point in time, Rudy Giuliani enjoys widespread national name recognition.
At some point in time, former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney does not enjoy widespread national name recognition.
At some point in time, Illinois Sen. Barack Obama has spent more than $2.3 million on television commercials.
At some point in time, New York Sen. Hillary Clinton has spent $1 million less than Barack Obama.
At some point in time, Hillary Clinton leads in both national and early state polls.
At some point in time, New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson has invested $2 million in his television commercials.
At some point in time, Bill Richardson has probably benefited the most in the Democratic contest from his television commercials.
At some point in time, Bill Richardson's humorous TV ads effectively stated his experience as a lawmaker, diplomat, and executive.
At some point in time, Bill Richardson is positioned as a solid second-tier candidate.
At some point in time, Romney used his $8.6 million in television ads to introduce himself as a social and fiscal conservative to Republican voters.
At some point in time, Republican voters might not know much about Mitt Romney other than that he was the governor of traditionally liberal Massachusetts.
At some point in time, Mitt Romney is leading polls in the early voting states of Iowa and New Hampshire.
At some point in time, an American Research Group poll of South Carolina Republicans in August showed Mitt Romney registering at 9 percent with influential primary voters.
At some point in time, a month later, after airing $350,000 worth of commercials in the two weeks leading up to the next poll, Mitt Romney was up 17 percentage points.
At some point in time, Mitt Romney's latest ad began airing Friday in Iowa.
At some point in time, Mitt Romney vows to stop Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons in his latest ad.
At some point in time, Mitt Romney vows to boost the military by 100,000 people in his latest ad.
At some point in time, Mitt Romney vows to strengthen U.S. intelligence capabilities in his latest ad.
At some point in time, Mitt Romney vows to monitor calls into the U.S. from al Qaeda in his latest ad.
At some point in time, these issues should play well with conservatives who participate in the Iowa caucuses.
At some point in time, only a handful of Democratic candidates and Mitt Romney have used the airwaves until now.
At some point in time, Evan Tracey expects that all frontrunner candidates will be on the air before the end of October.
At some point in time, as the primary day approaches, the frontrunners will be joined by all candidates in the race who are taking their last, best shot.
At some point in time, CMAG predicts that as much as $639 million could be spent on television advertising in the fight for Congress.
Democrats control the House and Senate.
At some point in time, CMAG's 2008 election cycle forecast does not take into account unforeseen events such as former Florida Rep. Mark Foley's House page scandal or the September 11 terrorist attacks.
At some point in time, politics is completely beholden to events.
At some point in time, events will ultimately determine how much is spent, where, and when.
At some point in time, Stuart Rothenberg believes that voters will be numb after watching hundreds of ads, just as what happened in 2006.
At some point in time, the sheer number of ads probably dilutes their importance.
At some point in time, after a while, the ads just become lots of chatter.
At some point in time, an ad will have to be really good to cut through the noise.