At some point in time, the Air Force is returning F-15E Strike Eagle jets to service over Iraq and Afghanistan.
At some point in time, the Air Force grounded models of its F-15 fleet after the crash of an older model F-15C this month.
At some point in time, the F-15s were grounded after a crash earlier this month in Missouri of an older model that disintegrated in flight.
At some point in time, each F-15E must pass an inspection of critical parts on the airframe before returning to flying missions.
At some point in time, all U.S. Air Force 224 E-model aircraft will undergo a one-time inspection of hydraulic system lines.
At some point in time, the longerons will also be inspected.
At some point in time, the longerons are molded, metal strips of the aircraft fuselage that run from front to rear.
At some point in time, the straps and skin panels in and around the environmental control system bay will also be examined.
At some point in time, the Air Force would not say whether the parts being inspected were part of the problem on the aircraft that crashed.
At some point in time, the investigation into why the F-15C fell apart in flight is still ongoing.
At some point in time, Air Force officials will not say what happened until the investigation is complete.
At some point in time, the rest of the almost 500 F-15s will remain grounded until the investigation offers a solution to what happened.
At some point in time, the E-model aircraft is the youngest and most sophisticated in the F-15 inventory.
At some point in time, the E-model aircraft is heavily used by Central Command for ground support in the U.S.-led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
At some point in time, the E-model aircraft is also used for the homeland security mission over the United States known as Operation Noble Eagle.
At some point in time, on November 3, the Air Force grounded all of its F-15s in response to a November 1 crash of a Missouri Air National Guard F-15C in Boss, Missouri.
At some point in time, the grounding forced Central Command to use other Air Force, Navy, and French fighters to fill the gaps.
At some point in time, Strike Eagles did fly to support troops in battle in Afghanistan as an emergency measure while they were still under grounding orders.
At some point in time, the plane that crashed was built in 1980.
At some point in time, the plane that crashed was one of the older F-15s in the fleet.
At some point in time, the F-15E Strike Eagle is an air-to-ground and air-to-air fighter.
At some point in time, the F-15E Strike Eagle is more versatile than other F-15 models.
At some point in time, other F-15 models are used for only air-to-air missions.
At some point in time, the Strike Eagle is used in Afghanistan and Iraq in its air-to-ground role.
At some point in time, the Strike Eagle uses its advanced sensors to drop bombs on targets.