At some point in time, doctors removed five small polyps from President George W. Bush's colon on Saturday.
At some point in time, none of the polyps appeared worrisome.
At some point in time, the polyps were removed and sent to the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland, for routine microscopic examination.
At some point in time, results from the examination are expected in two to three days.
At some point in time, all of the polyps were small, less than a centimeter in diameter.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush is in good humor.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will resume his activities at Camp David.
At some point in time, during the procedure, Vice President Dick Cheney assumed presidential power.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush reclaimed presidential power at 9:21 a.m. after about two hours.
At some point in time, doctors used monitored anesthesia care during the procedure.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush was asleep during the procedure, but not as deeply unconscious as with a true general anesthetic.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush spoke to First Lady Laura Bush before and after the procedure.
At some point in time, First Lady Laura Bush is in Midland, Texas, celebrating her mother's birthday.
At some point in time, after the procedure, President George W. Bush played with his Scottish terriers, Barney and Miss Beazley.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush planned to have lunch at Camp David.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush planned to have briefings with National Security Adviser Stephen Hadley and White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush planned to take a bicycle ride Saturday afternoon.
At some point in time, Vice President Dick Cheney spent the morning at his home on Maryland's eastern shore.
At some point in time, Vice President Dick Cheney was reading and playing with his dogs.
At some point in time, nothing occurred that required Vice President Dick Cheney to take official action as president before President George W. Bush reclaimed presidential power.
At some point in time, the procedure was supervised by Dr. Richard Tubb, President George W. Bush's physician.
At some point in time, the procedure was conducted by a multidisciplinary team from the National Naval Medical Center in Bethesda, Maryland.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush's last colonoscopy was in June 2002.
At some point in time, no abnormalities were found during President George W. Bush's last colonoscopy.
At some point in time, the president's doctor recommended a repeat procedure in about five years.
At some point in time, a colonoscopy is the most sensitive test for colon cancer, rectal cancer, and polyps.
At some point in time, polyps are small clumps of cells that can become cancerous.
At some point in time, small polyps may be removed during a colonoscopy.
At some point in time, Tony Snow said on Friday that President George W. Bush had polyps removed during colonoscopies before becoming president.
At some point in time, Tony Snow is undergoing chemotherapy for cancer that began in his colon and spread to his liver.
At some point in time, the president wants to encourage everybody to use surveillance.
At some point in time, the American Cancer Society recommends that people without high risk factors or symptoms begin getting screened for signs of colorectal cancer at age 50.