At some point in time, India has elected its first female president.
At some point in time, the official results show that Pratibha Patil is India's first elected female president.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil is 72 years old.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil is the ruling coalition's nominee for the mainly ceremonial post.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil easily beat Bhairon Singh Shekhawat in the election.
At some point in time, Bhairon Singh Shekhawat is the opposition-backed challenger and vice president.
At some point in time, the election was conducted by the national parliament and state politicians.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil stated, "This is a victory of the people."
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil expressed gratitude to the people of India.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil stated that her victory is for the principles upheld by the Indian people.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil won about two thirds of the electoral college votes.
There had never been any doubt that Pratibha Patil would win the election.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil received support from the ruling coalition.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil is the governor of the northwestern desert state of Rajasthan.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil emerged on the national stage when the Congress-led coalition and its communist allies failed to agree on a joint candidate.
At some point in time, Sonia Gandhi is the Congress party leader.
At some point in time, Sonia Gandhi is India's most powerful politician.
At some point in time, Sonia Gandhi stated that this is a very special moment for women and men in India.
At some point in time, Sonia Gandhi stated that this is the first time a woman has been elected president of India.
At some point in time, supporters hoped that Pratibha Patil's candidacy would bring issues that plague women in India into the public spotlight.
A woman is murdered, raped, or abused every three minutes on average in India.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil's presidency reflects the growing power of some women in India.
At some point in time, an increasing number of women in India are taking part in the workforce.
At some point in time, an increasing number of women in India are attending schools.
At some point in time, an increasing number of women in India hold senior positions in corporations.
At some point in time, after the election results, Pratibha Patil's supporters took to the streets.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil's supporters sang and danced in the streets.
At some point in time, others lit firecrackers and beat large brass drums after the election results.
At some point in time, India has had a number of female icons in the past.
At some point in time, Indira Gandhi was one of the world's first female prime ministers in 1966.
At some point in time, Sonia Gandhi's mother-in-law is Indira Gandhi.
At some point in time, the hope that Pratibha Patil's presidency would spark only positive talk about women's influence in India evaporated.
At some point in time, the bank for women that Pratibha Patil helped establish was closed in 2003.
At some point in time, the bank for women was closed because of bad debts.
At some point in time, the bank for women was closed amid accusations of financial irregularities.
At some point in time, the employees' union has taken Pratibha Patil and others to court.
At some point in time, the employees' union claims that loans meant for poor women were given to Pratibha Patil's brother and other relatives.
At some point in time, the loans given to Pratibha Patil's brother and other relatives were not returned.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil was accused of trying to shield her brother in a murder inquiry.
At some point in time, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh dismissed accusations against Pratibha Patil as "mud-slinging."
At some point in time, Manmohan Singh stated that Pratibha Patil's victory was "a vote against the politics of divisiveness."
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil stated, "All the allegations against me are motivated and have already been answered."
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil's campaign was marked by other mishaps.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil managed to offend many minority Muslims.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil angered some historians by saying Indian women first veiled their heads as protection against 16th century Muslim invaders.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil claimed she experienced a "divine premonition" about her destiny for higher office.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil claimed that a long dead spiritual guru communicated this premonition to her.
At some point in time, critics dug up a comment made by Pratibha Patil as Maharashtra's health minister in 1975.
At some point in time, Pratibha Patil's comment suggested that people with hereditary diseases should be sterilized.