At some point in time, Lipstick is making a major comeback.
At some point in time, Lipstick outsold gloss by $76 million last year.
At some point in time, Beauty companies are racing to launch new formulas that are more wearable than ever.
At some point in time, Sheer, subdued shades are recommended for morning application.
At some point in time, Deep, bold colors require more time and precision for night application.
At some point in time, A balm that contains sunscreen is recommended for conditioning and protecting lips.
At some point in time, Softlips Raspberry with Green Tea SPF 20 is an example of a recommended balm.
At some point in time, Dabbing balm on immediately after getting out of the shower is suggested for better application.
At some point in time, Smoother lips result in a more perfect lipstick application.
At some point in time, A soft shade such as rose or nude can be applied straight from the tube.
At some point in time, A hydrating formula ensures a smooth coat of color.
At some point in time, Neutrogena Moistureshine Soothing Lipsheers in Fresh Rose is an example of a recommended hydrating formula.
At some point in time, Blotting, reapplying, and blotting again removes excess oils and creates a stain.
At some point in time, Using lint-free blotting papers is recommended instead of tissues.
At some point in time, Sally Hansen Gentle Peel for Rough Lips uses fruit enzymes to remove dry patches.
At some point in time, Exfoliating before applying a bold hue like red or burgundy is recommended.
At some point in time, A gel-based primer helps lipstick go on more smoothly.
At some point in time, Olay Regenerist lip treatment is an example of a recommended gel-based primer.
At some point in time, Defining the borders of the mouth with a pencil prevents color from bleeding.
At some point in time, Using a shade that's lighter than lipstick is recommended to avoid an unnaturally dark outline.
At some point in time, Revlon Colorstay lip liner in Plum is an example of a recommended lip liner.
At some point in time, Brushing on color provides more control during application.
At some point in time, Shu Uemura Kolinsky Portable Extra lipbrush is an example of a recommended lipbrush.
At some point in time, Isadora Perfect Moisture lipstick in Bordeaux Red is an example of a recommended lipstick.
At some point in time, Carmindy's neutral picks for day enhance natural lip color.
At some point in time, Carmindy recommends dark berry or true red for night for all skin tones.
At some point in time, Heidi Klum is one of Carmindy's clients.
At some point in time, Jamie-Lynn Sigler is one of Carmindy's clients.
At some point in time, Benefit Silky Finish in Candy Store is a recommended daytime shade.
At some point in time, Givenchy Rouge Interdit in Secret Pink is a recommended daytime shade.
At some point in time, Nars in Scarlet Empress is a recommended nighttime color.
At some point in time, Revlon Super Lustrous in Love That Red is a recommended nighttime color.
At some point in time, AJ Crimson likes a subtle pink or sheer beige for all skin tones during the day.
At some point in time, AJ Crimson recommends bright red for fair complexions at night.
At some point in time, AJ Crimson recommends deep purple for darker complexions at night.
At some point in time, Missy Elliot is one of AJ Crimson's clients.
At some point in time, Amerie is one of AJ Crimson's clients.
At some point in time, Chanel Rouge Hydrabase in Pink Sugar is a recommended daytime shade.
At some point in time, Laura Mercier in Candy Pink is a recommended daytime shade.
At some point in time, Maybelline Moisture Extreme in Royal Red is a recommended nighttime color.
At some point in time, MAC in Cyber is a recommended nighttime color.
At some point in time, Melissa Silver uses fuchsia on cool skin tones during the day.
At some point in time, Melissa Silver uses peachy nude on warm skin tones during the day.
At some point in time, Melissa Silver says anyone can wear plum or sheer red at night.
At some point in time, Renée Zellweger is one of Melissa Silver's clients.
At some point in time, Cindy Crawford is one of Melissa Silver's clients.
At some point in time, Clinique Colour Surge Butter Shine in Fresh Watermelon is a recommended daytime shade.
At some point in time, Lancôme Le Rouge Absolu in Nectariche is a recommended daytime shade.
At some point in time, MAC in Spice It Up! is a recommended nighttime color.
At some point in time, Sonia Kashuk in Sheer Cherry Blossom is a recommended nighttime color.
At some point in time, InStyle offers a free trial issue.
Copyright © 2007 Time Inc. All rights reserved.