At some point in time, a virus found in healthy Australian honey bees may be playing a role in the collapse of honey bee colonies across the United States.
At some point in time, honey bees walk on a moveable comb hive at the Bee Research Laboratory in Beltsville, Maryland.
At some point in time, colony collapse disorder has killed millions of bees.
At some point in time, up to 90 percent of colonies in some U.S. beekeeping operations have been affected by colony collapse disorder.
At some point in time, colony collapse disorder is imperiling crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination.
At some point in time, oranges, blueberries, apples, and almonds are crops largely dependent upon bees for pollination.
At some point in time, the U.S. Department of Agriculture says honey bees are responsible for pollinating $15 billion worth of crops each year in the United States.
At some point in time, more than 90 fruits and vegetables worldwide depend on honey bees for pollination.
At some point in time, signs of colony collapse disorder were first reported in the United States in 2004.
At some point in time, American beekeepers started importing bees from Australia in 2004.
At some point in time, colony collapse disorder is marked by hives left with a queen, a few newly hatched adults, and plenty of food.
At some point in time, the worker bees responsible for pollination are gone in cases of colony collapse disorder.
At some point in time, the virus identified in the healthy Australian bees is Israeli Acute Paralysis Virus (IAPV).
At some point in time, IAPV was discovered by Hebrew University researchers.
At some point in time, worker bees in colony collapse disorder vanish.
At some point in time, bees infected with IAPV die close to the hive.
At some point in time, bees infected with IAPV develop shivering wings and paralysis before dying.
At some point in time, Australian bees seem to be resistant to IAPV.
At some point in time, Australian bees do not come down with symptoms of IAPV.
At some point in time, scientists used genetic analyses of bees collected over the past three years.
At some point in time, IAPV was present in bees that had come from colony collapse disorder hives 96 percent of the time.
At some point in time, the study released Thursday on the Science Express Web site cautioned that colony collapse disorder is likely caused by several factors.
At some point in time, Jeffery S. Pettis of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Bee Research Laboratory is a co-author of the study.
At some point in time, Jeffery S. Pettis said that IAPV is likely not acting alone in causing colony collapse disorder.
At some point in time, other stressors on the colony are likely involved in colony collapse disorder.
There are no cases of colony collapse disorder in Australia at all.
Colony collapse disorder is a Northern Hemisphere phenomenon.
At some point in time, Jamie Ellis, a bee ecology expert and University of Florida professor, said that genetic weakness bred into bees over time might be a factor in colony collapse disorder.
At some point in time, pathogens spread by parasites might be a factor in colony collapse disorder.
At some point in time, the effects of pesticides and pollutants might be a factor in colony collapse disorder.
At some point in time, varroa mites affect all hives on the U.S. mainland.
There are no varroa mites found in Australia.
At some point in time, Keith S. Delaplane, a University of Georgia bee researcher, said the study offers a warning and hope.
At some point in time, Keith S. Delaplane said there has been a general inability to treat or vaccinate bees against viruses of any kind.
At some point in time, Keith S. Delaplane has been trying to breed bees resistant to the varroa mite.
At some point in time, there is evidence that some bees carry genetic resistance to IAPV.
At some point in time, some bees carry genetic resistance to the disorder.
At some point in time, this is an argument for beekeepers to use honey bee stocks that are genetically disease- and pest-resistant.
At some point in time, bee researchers will now look for stresses that may combine to kill bees.
At some point in time, the next step is to ascertain whether IAPV, alone or in concert with other factors, can induce colony collapse disorder in healthy bees.
At some point in time, Ian Lipkin is the director of the Center for Infection and Immunity at Columbia University Mailman School of Public Health.
At some point in time, besides the Columbia and USDA researchers, others involved in the study released Thursday include researchers from Pennsylvania State University, the Pennsylvania Department of Agriculture, the University of Arizona, and 454 Life Sciences.