At some point in time, Youssif is a 5-year-old boy from Iraq.
At some point in time, Youssif was burned.
At some point in time, Youssif rounded the corner at Universal Studios.
At some point in time, Youssif met Spider-Man at Universal Studios.
Youssif has always been a huge fan of Spider-Man.
At some point in time, meeting Spider-Man was Youssif's favorite thing.
At some point in time, Spider-Man was riding a four-wheeler amid a convoy of other superheroes.
At some point in time, Spider-Man dismounted and walked over to Youssif.
At some point in time, Spider-Man introduced himself to Youssif.
At some point in time, Spider-Man gave Youssif a gentle hug.
At some point in time, Spider-Man was wearing iconic blue and red tights.
At some point in time, Spider-Man showed Youssif how to shoot a web from his wrist.
No web was spun during the demonstration.
At some point in time, Spider-Man encouraged Youssif after he mimicked the wrist movement.
At some point in time, other superheroes crowded around Youssif.
At some point in time, the Green Goblin told Youssif hi.
At some point in time, Youssif remained unfazed by the Green Goblin.
At some point in time, Youssif did not take a liking to the Green Goblin.
At some point in time, Spider-Man was too cool for Youssif.
At some point in time, Youssif said meeting Spider-Man was his favorite thing later.
At some point in time, Youssif wants to see Spider-Man again.
At some point in time, Youssif knows that the Spider-Man he met is not the real Spider-Man.
At some point in time, Youssif temporarily forgot his nightmares on that day.
At some point in time, Youssif met SpongeBob, Lassie, and a 3-year-old orangutan named Archie.
At some point in time, Archie grabbed Youssif's hand and held it.
At some point in time, Archie inched his hand back toward Youssif's hand after Youssif pulled away.
At some point in time, Youssif giggled inside a play area.
At some point in time, sponge-like balls shot out of toy guns in the play area.
At some point in time, the artillery in the play area was different from what Youssif was used to seeing in central Baghdad.
At some point in time, Youssif squealed with delight.
At some point in time, Youssif raced around the room collecting as many balls as he could.
At some point in time, Youssif rode a tram through the back stages at Universal Studios.
At some point in time, the tram car shook at one point.
At some point in time, fire and smoke filled the air during the pretend earthquake.
At some point in time, debris cascaded down during the pretend earthquake.
At some point in time, a big rig skidded toward the tram during the pretend earthquake.
At some point in time, Youssif and his family survived the pretend earthquake unscathed.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said he was scared during the pretend earthquake.
At some point in time, Youssif said he was not scared during the pretend earthquake.
At some point in time, Youssif's father and mother grinned throughout the day.
At some point in time, Youssif pushed his 14-month-old sister, Ayaa, in a stroller.
At some point in time, Youssif's father expressed amazement about coming to Universal Studios.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said that other than his wedding day, this was the happiest day of his life.
At some point in time, Youssif's mother and father talked about their journey out of Iraq to the United States a day earlier.
At some point in time, Youssif's mother and father discussed the day nine months ago when masked men grabbed Youssif outside their family home.
At some point in time, masked men doused Youssif in gas and set him on fire.
At some point in time, Youssif's mother heard Youssif screaming from inside their home.
At some point in time, Youssif's father sought help for Youssif across Baghdad.
At some point in time, no one listened to Youssif's father when he sought help.
At some point in time, Youssif's father remembers Youssif's two months of hospitalization.
At some point in time, doctors did not use anesthetics during Youssif's hospitalization.
At some point in time, Youssif's father could hear Youssif's piercing screams from the other side of the hospital.
At some point in time, Youssif's father knew that speaking to CNN would put his family's lives in jeopardy.
At some point in time, Youssif's father believed that the possibility of being killed was better than seeing Youssif suffer.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said he would do anything for Youssif.
At some point in time, Youssif's family described a life of utter chaos in Baghdad.
At some point in time, neighbors had recently given birth to a baby girl in Baghdad.
At some point in time, Youssif's father was kidnapped and killed shortly after the neighbors had a baby girl.
At some point in time, some girls wearing tank tops and jeans were snatched off the street by gunmen.
At some point in time, Youssif's parents heard reports of a young girl being kidnapped and beheaded.
At some point in time, the girl's killers sewed a dog's head on her corpse and delivered it to her family's doorstep.
At some point in time, Youssif's mother, Zainab, said these are just some of the stories.
At some point in time, Youssif's parents said there was more security and stability under Saddam Hussein.
At some point in time, there was running water and electricity most of the time under Saddam Hussein.
At some point in time, life was tough under Saddam Hussein.
At some point in time, Zainab's uncle disappeared after reading a "religious book."
At some point in time, Zainab's uncle was never heard from again after he disappeared.
At some point in time, Youssif's father watched people come and go in the parking lot of a Target in suburban Los Angeles.
At some point in time, some people held hands in the parking lot.
At some point in time, some people smiled and laughed in the parking lot.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said "Iraq finished" in English.
At some point in time, Youssif's father elaborated in Arabic that his homeland won't be enjoying freedoms anytime soon.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said it is just not possible for Iraq to enjoy freedoms.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said there is too much violence in Iraq.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said there are too many killings in Iraq.
At some point in time, Youssif's two children have only seen war.
At some point in time, Youssif's family has seen a much different side of America this week.
At some point in time, Youssif's family has seen an outpouring of generosity in America.
At some point in time, Youssif's family has seen a peaceful nation at home in America.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said it has been a dream.
At some point in time, Youssif's father used to do a lot of volunteer work in Baghdad.
At some point in time, Youssif's father believed that is why he is being helped now.
At some point in time, Youssif's father looked out across the valley below at Universal Studios.
At some point in time, the sun glistened off treetops and buildings.
At some point in time, the sight was picturesque and fit for a Hollywood movie.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said "Good America, good America" in English.