At some point in time, rescuers are sifting through the rubble of the United Nations headquarters in Algiers.
At some point in time, rescuers hope to find survivors after a powerful bomb ripped off the building's facade.
At some point in time, the powerful bomb leveled nearby U.N. offices.
At some point in time, rescuers and bomb experts search for survivors in the rubble of a destroyed building.
At some point in time, there were two suspected car bombs that struck Algiers within 10 minutes of each other.
At some point in time, the official government count of the death toll is at least 26.
At some point in time, hospital sources in Algiers told CNN affiliate BFM-TV that 76 people were killed in the two blasts.
At some point in time, a statement from the United Nations said 45 people were reported killed.
At some point in time, Algerian Interior Minister Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni blamed a militant Islamic group with ties to al Qaeda for the attacks.
At some point in time, the attacks targeted a building housing Algeria's Constitutional Council and Supreme Court.
At some point in time, the group al Qaeda Islamic Maghreb claimed responsibility for the attacks in a posting on an Islamist Web site.
At some point in time, CNN could not immediately corroborate the claim from al Qaeda Islamic Maghreb.
At some point in time, the Islamist Web site is known to carry messages, claims, and videos from al Qaeda and other militant groups.
At some point in time, the bombers were identified as Sheikh Ibrahim Abu Othman and Abdel Rahman Abu Abdel Nasser al-Asimi.
At some point in time, two trucks were filled with no less than 800 kg (1,763 pounds) of explosives.
At some point in time, the group called the operation "another successful conquest and a second epic."
At some point in time, the group claimed the operation was in defense of the wounded Islamic nation.
At some point in time, the group claimed the operation was in defiance to the Crusaders and their agents, the slaves of America and the sons of France.
At some point in time, at least 10 U.N. staffers were among those killed.
At some point in time, U.N. spokeswoman Marie Okabe reported that at least 10 U.N. staffers were killed.
At some point in time, the offices of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees were leveled by a blast.
At some point in time, the blast that leveled the UNHCR offices struck about 9:30 a.m. (3:30 a.m. ET) Tuesday.
At some point in time, UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond said the offices are basically destroyed now.
At some point in time, Ron Redmond said nothing works in the UNHCR offices.
At some point in time, rescuers are working into the night trying to get to the trapped U.N. workers.
At some point in time, the situation with the U.N. in Algiers is very serious.
At some point in time, U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemned the attacks.
At some point in time, Ban Ki-moon called the attacks "an abjectly cowardly strike against civilian officials serving humanity's highest ideals under the U.N. banner."
At some point in time, Ban Ki-moon stated that the perpetrators of these crimes will not escape the strongest possible condemnation.
At some point in time, Ban Ki-moon stated that the perpetrators will face ultimate punishment by Algerian authorities and the international community.
At some point in time, Ban Ki-moon sent senior advisers and other top U.N. officials to Algiers to assist in the investigation and rescue effort.
At some point in time, most of those killed in the coordinated attacks were victims of the first suspected car bombing.
At some point in time, the first suspected car bombing occurred near the Constitutional Council and Supreme Court in the Algiers neighborhood of Ben Aknoun.
At some point in time, the first blast struck a bus outside the targeted building.
At some point in time, many of those on board the bus were killed in the first blast.
At some point in time, one man heard the first blast.
At some point in time, the second blast exploded in front of the man.
At some point in time, the man saw the trees falling and the glass shattering in front of him.
At some point in time, the man had to run away from the car.
At some point in time, Noureddine Yazid Zerhouni said the attack was the work of the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC).
At some point in time, the Salafist Group for Preaching and Combat (GSPC) took responsibility for an attack in April in downtown Algiers that killed 33 people.
At some point in time, the GSPC also uses the name al Qaeda Islamic Maghreb after merging with al Qaeda earlier this year.
At some point in time, the GSPC abandoned small-scale attacks in favor of headline-grabbing blasts after merging with al Qaeda.
At some point in time, CNN International Security Correspondent Paula Newton stated that the merger combined the expertise of Algerian guerrillas with the operational ability of al Qaeda in North Africa.
At some point in time, the merger enabled the GSPC to penetrate the usually extensive security in high-profile areas of Algiers.
At some point in time, the GSPC's goal is to destabilize countries like Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia.
At some point in time, the GSPC sees Algeria, Morocco, and Tunisia as enemies of the Islamic state.
At some point in time, Zerhouni stated that police interrogations of GSPC members revealed that Algeria's Constitutional Council and Supreme Court were on a list of GSPC targets.
At some point in time, Algeria has a population of 33 million.
At some point in time, Algeria is still recovering from more than a decade of violence.
At some point in time, the violence in Algeria began after the military government called a halt to elections.
At some point in time, an Islamist party was poised to win the elections that were halted.
At some point in time, tens of thousands of people died in the unrest in Algeria.
At some point in time, although Algeria has remained relatively peaceful, recent terrorist attacks have raised fears of a slide back to violence.