At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul is twelve years old.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul's right leg is severed below the knee.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul maneuvers on crutches over dirt and loose stones.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul is in the Falluja graveyard.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul eagerly awaits his trip to the United States.
At some point in time, rows of headstones stand in the Falluja graveyard.
At some point in time, the headstones are a reminder of the tragedy the city went through.
At some point in time, insurgents battled for control of Falluja.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul stops at his cousin's grave.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul feels an ache when he thinks of his cousin.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul cries every time he remembers his cousin.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul poured water on a tree he planted next to his cousin's grave.
At some point in time, the headstone reads: "Martyr 643, the child Hajer Ismael Khalil, 13 October 2006." Mohammed Rasoul clutches a photograph of his cousin.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul's cousin died on the scene of an explosion.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul remembers his cousin's screams.
At some point in time, the explosion cost Mohammed Rasoul his leg.
At some point in time, the explosion cost Mohammed Rasoul his childhood.
At some point in time, a car came out of nowhere during the explosion.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul's cousin was playing with her friend when the explosion occurred.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul remembers the car was green.
At some point in time, the car detonated.
At some point in time, Jinan Khalifa is Mohammed Rasoul's mother.
At some point in time, Jinan Khalifa remembers the day of the explosion.
At some point in time, Jinan Khalifa was in the kitchen when she heard a deafening explosion.
At some point in time, Jinan Khalifa saw shattered glass from the windows falling.
At some point in time, Jinan Khalifa went outside and saw her son covered in blood.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul endured eleven operations before doctors amputated his leg.
At some point in time, Jinan Khalifa says her son put forward a tough face.
At some point in time, the shock hit Mohammed Rasoul when he went back home.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul's personality started to change after the shock.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul stopped laughing after the explosion.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul found it hard to watch others play.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul could not walk after the explosion.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul felt agitated because he could not walk.
At some point in time, CNN first broadcast Mohammed Rasoul's story in May.
At some point in time, an American charity, the Global Medical Relief Fund, offered to help Mohammed Rasoul.
Jinan Khalifa cannot put her feelings into words.
At some point in time, an entire book would not be enough to express Jinan Khalifa's feelings.
At some point in time, the Global Medical Relief Fund gave Mohammed Rasoul his hope back.
At some point in time, Jinan Khalifa believes the America they knew came, bombed, and harmed.
At some point in time, Jinan Khalifa saw another face of America when the Global Medical Relief Fund came forward.
At some point in time, the Global Medical Relief Fund is a small charity based in New York.
At some point in time, the Global Medical Relief Fund helps children of war and natural disasters.
At some point in time, the Global Medical Relief Fund arranged for surgery and treatment for Mohammed Rasoul.
At some point in time, the surgery and treatment will take place at the Shriners Children Hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
At some point in time, Elissa Montanti is the founder and director of the Global Medical Relief Fund.
At some point in time, Elissa Montanti was inspired to act when she first heard of Mohammed Rasoul's tragic story.
At some point in time, Elissa Montanti said, "Oh, please, let me help this boy." Mohammed Rasoul will arrive in the United States on Thursday afternoon.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul will be fitted for a prosthetic leg in the coming weeks.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul will be examined to see if he needs additional surgery.
At some point in time, Elissa Montanti said her organization has a list of other young Iraqi children in need of help.
At some point in time, Elissa Montanti believes the word needs to get out.
At some point in time, Elissa Montanti feels joy when she helps Mohammed Rasoul.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul is ecstatic.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul did not think an act of human kindness would be presented to him.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul did not have hope in Iraq.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul did not have hope that he would ever get his hope back.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul did not have a future.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul wants to go to America.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul wants to meet the person that gave him his future back.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul wants to help rebuild Falluja when he comes back home.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul wants to start rebuilding his school.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul's school was bombed during the 2004 Falluja offensive.
Mohammed Rasoul will never leave school.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul wants to continue his education.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul wants to become an architect.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul wants to build all the schools.
At some point in time, Mohammed Rasoul wants to walk to water the tree he planted next to his cousin's grave.