At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles made his initial court appearance in Las Vegas, Nevada, on Wednesday morning.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles faces charges stemming from the videotaped rape of a 2-year-old girl.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles is 37 years old.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles was taken into custody on Monday night.
At some point in time, a Henderson, Nevada, police officer pulled over the white Buick Century that Chester Arthur Stiles was driving.
At some point in time, prosecutors added charges before Wednesday's hearing.
At some point in time, the total number of felony counts against Chester Arthur Stiles is 23.
At some point in time, one of the felony counts is a charge of lewdness with a minor.
At some point in time, one of the lewdness charges stems from a 2004 incident.
At some point in time, some of the felony counts are related to the videotape.
At some point in time, Judge Deborah Lippis set November 19 as the date for the preliminary hearing.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles' court-appointed attorney said Chester Arthur Stiles was overwhelmed by public opinion in the case.
At some point in time, public defender Jeff Banks said Chester Arthur Stiles is a little out of it.
At some point in time, Jerry T. Donohue is the attorney for the girl's mother.
At some point in time, the child on the videotape was younger than 3 when the abuse occurred.
At some point in time, the girl is now 7 years old.
At some point in time, the girl was found last month after a nationwide search.
At some point in time, the girl's mother said she was relieved about Chester Arthur Stiles' arrest.
At some point in time, the girl's mother said it would have been better if they found Chester Arthur Stiles dead.
At some point in time, the girl's mother will testify against Chester Arthur Stiles if the case goes to court.
At some point in time, the girl's mother said her daughter remembers nothing about the videotaped assault.
At some point in time, the girl's mother recently had a conversation with her daughter about inappropriate touching.
At some point in time, the girl's mother said her daughter told her that if someone touched her inappropriately, the girl would scream and tell her mother.
At some point in time, the girl's mother said she does not trust anybody now.
At some point in time, the girl's mother is in a relationship with a man her daughter calls "Dad."
At some point in time, the girl's mother does not feel comfortable leaving her daughter with the man her daughter calls "Dad."
At some point in time, the girl's mother does not feel comfortable leaving her daughter with anybody else.
At some point in time, the girl's mother said she cries and blames it on herself.
At some point in time, the girl's mother is eight-and-a-half months pregnant.
At some point in time, the incident has placed a lot of strain on the girl's mother.
At some point in time, the girl's mother said she could have lived without knowing about the assault.
At some point in time, a former girlfriend of Chester Arthur Stiles lived in fear before the arrest.
At some point in time, the former girlfriend went to police to identify the suspect after seeing enhanced photos from the videotape on the local news.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas screamed when she recognized the photos on television.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas had no choice but to contact police about Chester Arthur Stiles.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas thought Chester Arthur Stiles was a weapons enthusiast with only a minor criminal record.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas said that little girl suffered unimaginable things.
At some point in time, Elaine Thomas knew for a fact that Chester Arthur Stiles was the man in the photos.
At some point in time, another former girlfriend of Chester Arthur Stiles is Tina Allen.
At some point in time, Tina Allen thinks she is the reason Chester Arthur Stiles came in contact with the girl.
At some point in time, Tina Allen is mortified by the allegations against Chester Arthur Stiles.
At some point in time, Tina Allen said Chester Arthur Stiles claimed he had been in the Navy.
At some point in time, Tina Allen was looking for a strong guy to represent to her sons what she thought they needed to be.
At some point in time, Tina Allen took Chester Arthur Stiles to a crowded apartment.
At some point in time, Tina Allen's son and daughter lived in the crowded apartment.
At some point in time, a family friend and Tina Allen's daughter lived in the crowded apartment.
At some point in time, Tina Allen's daughter is the alleged assault victim.
At some point in time, Todd Allen recognized his old apartment from scenes in the video.