At some point in time, some Democrats appear to be wavering on a House resolution labeling Turkey's treatment of Armenians in World War I as genocide.
At some point in time, a KC-135 tanker lands at Incirlik Air Base in southern Turkey in 2003.
Turkey is a longtime U.S. ally and NATO partner.
At some point in time, Turkey was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks genocide.
At some point in time, Turkey threatened to block access to Incirlik Air Base after the resolution passed a House committee vote.
The base is located in southern Turkey near Syria.
At some point in time, Incirlik Air Base is a major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq and elsewhere in the Mideast and Asia.
At some point in time, the Pentagon is preparing to set up new supply routes for troops in Iraq.
At some point in time, the Pentagon is preparing for the possibility that Turkey cuts off U.S. access to Incirlik Air Base.
Military officials said this on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Ankara acknowledges the killings of Armenians during World War I.
At some point in time, Ankara vehemently objects to the "genocide" label.
At some point in time, the House Foreign Affairs Committee adopted the nonbinding resolution last week.
At some point in time, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she would bring the measure to a vote of the full House sometime next month.
At some point in time, the Bush administration urged Congress to drop the issue.
At some point in time, some leading Democrats urged Nancy Pelosi not to bring the resolution to the floor.
At some point in time, Majority Leader Steny Hoyer signaled on Tuesday that the vote might be put off.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer said he thought the House would bring the resolution up prior to leaving.
Steny Hoyer has not changed his position on that.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer said there are a number of people who are revisiting their own positions.
At some point in time, the House will have to determine where everybody is.
At some point in time, Democratic Rep. Ike Skelton announced his opposition to the resolution last week.
At some point in time, Democratic Rep. Alcee Hastings urged Nancy Pelosi to reconsider the resolution in a letter released on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Democratic Rep. John Tanner urged Nancy Pelosi to reconsider the resolution in a letter released on Tuesday.
At some point in time, more than half of the cargo flown into Iraq and Afghanistan comes through Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, Incirlik Air Base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of U.S. troops in the future.
At some point in time, Lt. Gen. Carter Ham said Pentagon planners are looking at a broad range of options to keep food, fuel, and ammunition flowing to U.S. troops in Iraq.
At some point in time, Lt. Gen. Carter Ham said this is if Turkey blocks access to Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, Lt. Gen. Carter Ham said the Pentagon is confident that it will find ways to keep supplies flowing.
At some point in time, Lt. Gen. Carter Ham told reporters at the Pentagon.
At some point in time, there is likely to be some increased cost and some other implications if Turkey blocks access to Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, the Pentagon would prefer to maintain the access that it has to Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, Defense Secretary Robert Gates echoed lawmakers' concerns last week.
At some point in time, about 70 percent of all air cargo going into Iraq goes through Turkey.
At some point in time, about a third of the fuel that U.S. troops consume goes through Turkey or comes from Turkey.
At some point in time, Defense Secretary Robert Gates said that 95 percent of the Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protective vehicles being deployed in Iraq are flown through Turkey.
The Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protective vehicles are built to withstand roadside bombs.
At some point in time, the U.S. military issued a warning order a few days ago.
At some point in time, the warning order was issued to ensure that alternative air crews, planes, fuel, and routes are lined up.
At some point in time, this is if Turkey stops or restricts U.S. access to Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, a source said this.
At some point in time, Jordan and Kuwait are among the alternatives the United States is considering.
At some point in time, some fear that pursuit of the resolution would embolden the Turks to attack Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq.
At some point in time, this could further complicate Iraqi stability.
U.S. officials said this.
At some point in time, Incirlik offers 10,000-foot and 9,000-foot runways.
At some point in time, Incirlik has 57 hardened aircraft shelters.
At some point in time, Globalsecurity.org is a source of background information about military issues.
At some point in time, Globalsecurity said Incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to Iraq.
At some point in time, Incirlik took over for Rhein-Main Air Base in Germany.
At some point in time, Incirlik is closer to Iraq than Rhein-Main Air Base.
At some point in time, this reduces the strain on troops and aircraft.