At some point in time, Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still grappling with shame.
At some point in time, Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still grappling with guilt.
At some point in time, Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still grappling with remorse.
At some point in time, Lee Boyd Malvo said in a letter to CNN that he is still grappling with his own healing.
At some point in time, Lee Boyd Malvo expressed doubt that his healing will ever be possible.
At some point in time, a social worker who has worked extensively with Lee Boyd Malvo said he draws self-portraits.
At some point in time, many of Lee Boyd Malvo's drawings show him with a tear running down his cheek.
At some point in time, Lee Boyd Malvo, 22, spends 23 hours a day inside his cell at Virginia's toughest prison.
At some point in time, Virginia's toughest prison is a maximum-security compound called Red Onion.
At some point in time, Red Onion is not far from the Kentucky border.
At some point in time, Lee Boyd Malvo is serving a life sentence.
At some point in time, Carmeta Albarus-Lindo is a social worker who has worked extensively with Lee Boyd Malvo.
At some point in time, Carmeta Albarus-Lindo said Lee Boyd Malvo is a changed person since he and John Allen Muhammad terrorized the Washington area.
At some point in time, Lee Boyd Malvo and John Allen Muhammad terrorized the Washington area five years ago.
At some point in time, the attacks by Lee Boyd Malvo and John Allen Muhammad left 10 dead over a 23-day period.
At some point in time, Carmeta Albarus-Lindo said that her greatest fear is that another parental figure would abandon Lee Boyd Malvo.
At some point in time, Carmeta Albarus-Lindo has spent hundreds of hours with Lee Boyd Malvo since his arrest.
At some point in time, one of the parental figures in Lee Boyd Malvo's life was John Allen Muhammad.
At some point in time, John Allen Muhammad met Lee Boyd Malvo in the Caribbean nearly two years before the deadly shooting spree began.
At some point in time, John Allen Muhammad became Lee Boyd Malvo's surrogate father.
At some point in time, John Allen Muhammad convinced Lee Boyd Malvo that violence was the only way to correct perceived injustices to African-Americans.
At some point in time, John Allen Muhammad ordered Lee Boyd Malvo to go to bed each night.
At some point in time, John Allen Muhammad ordered Lee Boyd Malvo to memorize passages from "The Art of War."
At some point in time, Carmeta Albarus-Lindo said that Lee Boyd Malvo was brainwashed into aiding John Allen Muhammad in the murders.
At some point in time, prosecutors have said that Lee Boyd Malvo, even at 17, knew what he was doing.
At some point in time, Paul Ebert is the commonwealth attorney for Prince William County, Virginia.
At some point in time, Paul Ebert said that he thought Lee Boyd Malvo was coldblooded.
At some point in time, Paul Ebert said that Lee Boyd Malvo was a person who had chosen a life of crime.
At some point in time, some investigators said they were horrified when a Virginia jury spared Lee Boyd Malvo's life.
At some point in time, April Carroll of the Bureau of Alcohol, Firearms and Tobacco said that the day the jury spared Lee Boyd Malvo's life was the hardest day of her career.
At some point in time, April Carroll felt that day that they had failed when Lee Boyd Malvo was not sentenced to death.
At some point in time, some of the victims' families said they are content that Lee Boyd Malvo did not receive the death penalty.
At some point in time, Vicki Buchanan Snyder is the sister of James "Sonny" Buchanan.
At some point in time, James "Sonny" Buchanan was shot in the back while mowing a patch of lawn at a Maryland auto dealership.
At some point in time, Vicki Buchanan Snyder said she was satisfied with the jury's verdict regarding Lee Boyd Malvo.
At some point in time, Carmeta Albarus-Lindo said that Lee Boyd Malvo will never forgive himself for what has happened.
At some point in time, when Carmeta Albarus-Lindo first began seeing Lee Boyd Malvo, he still called John Allen Muhammad "Dad."
At some point in time, it took months for Lee Boyd Malvo to stop calling John Allen Muhammad "Dad."
At some point in time, during the interim, Lee Boyd Malvo took college correspondence courses.
At some point in time, during the interim, Lee Boyd Malvo began to draw.
At some point in time, John Allen Muhammad is at a Virginia prison called Sussex One.
At some point in time, John Allen Muhammad said in a DVD made last year that he is still fighting on death row.
At some point in time, John Allen Muhammad wants to correct some inaccurate statements made by the news media about his relationship with Lee Boyd Malvo.
At some point in time, John Allen Muhammad was not specific about what he meant regarding the inaccurate statements.
At some point in time, Mildred Muhammad is John Allen Muhammad's ex-wife.
At some point in time, Mildred Muhammad said she believed that she was the real target of the snipers from the beginning.
At some point in time, Mildred Muhammad and her children live in suburban Washington.
At some point in time, Mildred Muhammad runs a website called Afterthetrauma.org.
At some point in time, Afterthetrauma.org is devoted to the victims of domestic abuse.
At some point in time, Mildred Muhammad said she feels that John Allen Muhammad wanted to kill her as revenge.
At some point in time, Mildred Muhammad said she gained custody of their three children.
At some point in time, Mildred Muhammad is convinced that John Allen Muhammad brainwashed Lee Boyd Malvo.
At some point in time, Mildred Muhammad said that Lee Boyd Malvo was a victim before he even knew it.
At some point in time, Mildred Muhammad said that Lee Boyd Malvo's life was over when he said, "Hi."