At some point in time, Kelly Pless would have never described herself as "fit" three years ago.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless weighed 220 pounds at her heaviest.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless lost 95 pounds through diet and exercise.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless has struggled with her weight for most of her adult life.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless is a 31-year-old graduate student from Sunny Isles Beach, Florida.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless started gaining weight as a teenager.
At some point in time, by the time Kelly Pless graduated from high school, she was carrying 215 pounds on her 5' 2" frame.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless describes prom as a nightmare.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless had to go to three different stores to buy a prom dress.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless had to buy the biggest and ugliest prom dress the store had because it was the only one that would fit.
At some point in time, after high school, Kelly Pless lost 50 pounds.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless regained weight back up to 220 pounds because she hadn't lost it in a healthy way.
At some point in time, at 28 years old, Kelly Pless started having trouble breathing.
At some point in time, doctors told Kelly Pless that her weight was to blame for her trouble breathing.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless reached her breaking point regarding her weight.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless remembers feeling heavy and believing that being fit was not something she could achieve.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless remembers feeling that even if she tried, being fit was not something her body was capable of.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless decided to do something about her weight.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless's manager at the Kennedy Space Center ran marathons.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless's manager at the Kennedy Space Center is the same age as Kelly Pless's father.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless's father has diabetes and is in poor health.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless began walking over the next three to four months.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless did not have any real goal or expectation when she started walking.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless believed that if she focused on eating less and moving more, everything would fall into place.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless found it hard to start exercising because she was worried people would make fun of her.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless told herself that if being made fun of was the worst that could happen, she would get out there and not care.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless eventually started to run or "shuffle."
At some point in time, Kelly Pless adopted an "eat to live" philosophy.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless satisfied her cravings for sweets by eating lots of fruit.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless changed how she felt about food and what it meant to her.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless occasionally indulges in a bite of birthday cake or a piece of chocolate.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless cut out cakes and cookies as one of the first things in her diet.
At some point in time, cakes and cookies were Kelly Pless's weak spot.
At some point in time, after a few months of cutting out cakes and cookies, Kelly Pless focused more on portion control.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless eats when she is hungry and does not eat when she is not hungry.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless tries to pay attention to when she is hungry.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless makes sure she is not eating out of boredom or at social events.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless tries to make sure she is not overeating just because everyone else is.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless pays close attention to societal pressure.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless believes societal pressure is the reason many people overeat.
At some point in time, restaurant servings are about three times bigger than a normal portion size, according to Kelly Pless.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless makes sure she does not overeat when dining out simply because the food is available.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless finds it hard to change how she feels about foods that she loves or that are not necessarily good for her.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless believes changing how she looks at food was the hardest part for her.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless asks herself what she really wants to eat or what her body really wants right now.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless has lost 95 pounds and kept it off for 1½ years.
At some point in time, as a result of her weight loss, Kelly Pless says she is healthier and more confident.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless has set a new professional goal to pursue a doctorate in food and exercise psychology.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless wants to help others who are battling obesity and eating disorders.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless believes the negative side of weight loss is that people treat others differently.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless believes being fat was a good filter for how people treated her.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless believes she is automatically treated better by people because she is thinner.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless believes society is hard on people who are overweight or obese.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless believes that now people think she is funnier or smarter.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless runs about 40 miles a week while training for two marathons.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless plans to run her first marathon in November in Las Vegas, Nevada.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless plans to run her second marathon in January in Miami, Florida.
At some point in time, forty pounds ago, Kelly Pless wanted to have a tummy tuck to remove loose skin.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless cannot imagine taking a break from running to recover from surgery.
At some point in time, running has become a constant for Kelly Pless.
At some point in time, running does much more for Kelly Pless than maintain her weight.
At some point in time, Kelly Pless's current weight is about 125 pounds.
At some point in time, if Kelly Pless's past is any indication of her future success, she will cross the finish line.