At some point in time, survivors of a storm killed more than 3,000 people in Bangladesh.
At some point in time, villagers grieve in Patargata, around 125 miles south of Dhaka, capital of Bangladesh.
At some point in time, the number of dead killed from Cyclone Sidr is now at 3,114.
At some point in time, the number of dead killed from Cyclone Sidr is expected to rise further.
At some point in time, the Bangladesh Red Crescent fears the death toll could be 5,000.
At some point in time, the Bangladesh Red Crescent fears the death toll could reach as high as 10,000.
At some point in time, Dhalan Mridha was grieving for family members who died in the cyclone.
At some point in time, Dhalan Mridha's family members died in the cyclone after ignoring an alert issued by authorities.
At some point in time, Dhalan Mridha thought nothing was going to happen before the cyclone.
At some point in time, Dhalan Mridha and his family went to bed before the cyclone.
At some point in time, the winds came just before midnight.
At some point in time, the winds came like hundreds of demons.
At some point in time, Dhalan Mridha's small hut was swept away like a piece of paper.
At some point in time, Dhalan Mridha and his family ran for shelter.
At some point in time, Dhalan Mridha lost contact with his wife, mother, and two children on the way to a shelter.
At some point in time, Dhalan Mridha found the bodies of his wife, mother, and two children the next morning.
At some point in time, the Category 4 cyclone raked Bangladesh's southwest coast on Thursday.
At some point in time, the cyclone had maximum sustained winds of 241 km/h (150 mph).
At some point in time, the cyclone destroyed fishermen's hamlets and villages.
At some point in time, thousands of people are still missing.
At some point in time, an estimated 280,000 people are unable to return to their homes.
At some point in time, the storm wiped out many homes in the region.
At some point in time, many grieving families are burying loved ones in single graves.
No male members are available to dig graves for the deceased.
At some point in time, most houses in the region are made of flimsy materials such as bamboo and corrugated iron.
At some point in time, flimsy houses had no chance of withstanding the storm's powerful winds.
At some point in time, the storm-struck area is criss-crossed by a huge river delta.
At some point in time, the river delta surged as Cyclone Sidr pushed through.
At some point in time, the storm wiped out many villages.
At some point in time, the storm littered the river's shores with debris.
At some point in time, low-lying Bangladesh is already prone to flooding.
At some point in time, flooding has wiped out Bangladesh's rice production.
At some point in time, rice is a major food staple for Bangladesh.
At some point in time, improved warning systems and shelters have kept the number of deaths lower than in 1970 and 1991.
The death tolls in 1970 and 1991 were in the hundreds of thousands.
At some point in time, Bangladesh President Iajuddin Ahmed visited the devastated region on Sunday.
At some point in time, Iajuddin Ahmed handed out some aid to the crowds of people.
At some point in time, Iajuddin Ahmed's aid distribution was seen largely as a token effort.
At some point in time, hundreds of people were left empty-handed after Iajuddin Ahmed's aid distribution.
At some point in time, hundreds of people were furious after Iajuddin Ahmed's aid distribution.
At some point in time, security officials struggled to hold back the crowd during Iajuddin Ahmed's visit.
At some point in time, Cyclone Sidr has ruined Bangladesh's rice harvest.
At some point in time, the international community is rallying to help Bangladesh.
At some point in time, the international community aims to ensure Bangladesh does not suffer as acutely as in the past.
At some point in time, nearly a million people died after massive floods wiped out Bangladesh's rice production in 1974.
At some point in time, international aid organizations promised initial packages of $25 million during a meeting with Bangladesh agencies on Monday.
At some point in time, the U.N.'s World Food Program reported the promise of initial aid packages.
At some point in time, the United States has offered more than $2 million as an initial contribution for emergency relief.
At some point in time, the United States sent two U.S. Navy carriers to help in recovery operations.
At some point in time, the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) is airlifting in relief supplies.
At some point in time, an 18-person Department of Defense medical team is in Bangladesh.
At some point in time, the medical team is helping the estimated 15,000 injured by the storm.
At some point in time, Bangladesh's government held an emergency Cabinet meeting on Saturday.
At some point in time, the emergency Cabinet meeting was held to assess the disaster.
At some point in time, the emergency Cabinet meeting was held to discuss recovery issues.
At some point in time, Bangladeshi government spokesman Fahim Munaim told CNN about the emergency Cabinet meeting.
At some point in time, officials fear the scope of the destruction may be much more extensive.
At some point in time, there are remote areas where conditions cannot yet be determined.
At some point in time, nearly a third of Bangladesh's 64 districts were affected by the cyclone.
At some point in time, most affected districts are along the southern coast.
At some point in time, the Bangladeshi military is working to provide shelter for displaced people.
At some point in time, international aid groups are deploying resources to the cyclone-stricken region.
At some point in time, international aid groups have found it nearly impossible to reach remote areas.
At some point in time, remote areas are difficult to assess conditions.
At some point in time, roads to remote areas are blocked by massive trees fallen by the storm.
At some point in time, roads to remote areas are severely damaged.
At some point in time, it is impossible for vehicles to use the damaged roads.
At some point in time, clearing could take weeks in the remote areas.
At some point in time, clearing must be done by hand in the remote areas.
At some point in time, there are no chainsaws and modern machinery to speed up the clearing process.
At some point in time, the body of an 8-year-old girl called Rummie was carefully carried away for burial.
At some point in time, Khadija is Rummie's mother.
At some point in time, Khadija was steadied by a relative.
At some point in time, Khadija is overwhelmed with sadness.
At some point in time, Khadija is feeling too much pain in her heart.
At some point in time, Khadija has lost her daughter.
At some point in time, Khadija is a victim of the cyclone as well.