At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko will face Lindsay Davenport in her first WTA Tour final at the Bell Challenge on Sunday.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko will seek her first victory on the WTA Tour at the Bell Challenge in Quebec.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko battled through with a 6-1 4-6 7-5 victory over Julie Ditty in the semifinals.
Julia Vakulenko is 24 years old.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko reached the fourth round of the U.S. Open.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko previously lost at the last-four stage in Las Vegas.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko previously lost at the last-four stage in Berlin.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko reached a career high of 33rd in the world rankings back in May.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko is now ranked 36th in the world.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko said that sometimes she plays her best and wins easy.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko said that sometimes she does not play her best and has to fight hard.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko said that she is going to try her best.
Julia Vakulenko has never played Lindsay Davenport before.
At some point in time, Julia Vakulenko is looking forward to playing Lindsay Davenport.
Lindsay Davenport is a former world No. 1.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport is seeking her second win in three tournaments since returning from a one-year hiatus to have a baby.
Lindsay Davenport is 31 years old.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport is unseeded after accepting a wild-card to enter the Canadian tournament for the first time.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport battled to beat Vera Zvonareva 6-2 6-7 (3-7) 6-3 in the semifinals.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport has surged back up the rankings from 234th to 126th.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport won her comeback tournament in Bali.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport reached the last four in Beijing.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport has beaten Vera Zvonareva in all six encounters between the two players.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport played well in the first set against Vera Zvonareva.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport had some chances early in the second set against Vera Zvonareva.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport did not capitalize on her chances early in the second set against Vera Zvonareva.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport was able to come back in the match against Vera Zvonareva.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport did not return well enough at 4-4 and 5-5 in the match against Vera Zvonareva.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport was happy that she was able to regroup in the third set.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport feels good physically.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport can take lots of positives from her match against Vera Zvonareva.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport is happy about beating a really good player.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport is now in the final.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport wants to be the one on the offensive and not the defensive.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport is going to try to be on the offensive.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport was trying to watch the first semifinal.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport found it hard to get anything from watching Julie Ditty play.
At some point in time, Lindsay Davenport plays much differently than Julie Ditty.