At some point in time, tens of thousands of Congolese refugees fled camps on Tuesday in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
At some point in time, rebel troops attacked government forces in the area on Tuesday.
At some point in time, the U.N. refugee agency reported the attack on government forces.
At some point in time, refugees moved along a road on Tuesday in Mugunga, near Goma, in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
At some point in time, the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees stated that it did not appear rebels had targeted the camps.
At some point in time, some camps were looted after camp residents fled.
At some point in time, camp residents are classified as internally displaced persons.
At some point in time, roads to Goma were crowded with refugees and local residents fleeing the fighting.
At some point in time, the UNHCR reported that torrential rain made movement difficult.
At some point in time, the main road toward Sake was crowded with people.
At some point in time, UNHCR field safety adviser Pierre Nazroo had difficulties getting through the main road toward Sake.
At some point in time, internally displaced people are moving from site to site in the direction of Goma.
At some point in time, UNHCR spokesman Ron Redmond stated that internally displaced people have been living in extremely difficult conditions.
At some point in time, internally displaced people have nothing but what they can carry.
At some point in time, these internally displaced people are in poor health.
At some point in time, internally displaced people are soaking wet because of the torrential downpours.
At some point in time, internally displaced people need shelter.
At some point in time, internally displaced people need water.
At some point in time, internally displaced people need a lot of assistance.
At some point in time, the UNHCR plans to move quickly to get help to internally displaced people.
At some point in time, a lot of internally displaced people are already in a weakened state.
At some point in time, the Congolese government accused troops under rebel general Laurent Nkunda of staging the attack.
At some point in time, a Nkunda spokesman denied the allegation.
At some point in time, Bwambale Kakolele is a spokesman for Nkunda.
At some point in time, Rwandan Hutu rebels who also operate in the area were behind the attack, according to Bwambale Kakolele.
At some point in time, a spokesman for the U.N. military mission in the Congo stated it was uncertain which group attacked the Congo army outpost near the village of Kishangazi.
At some point in time, the U.N.-affiliated news service reported the uncertainty about the attacking group.
At some point in time, spokesman Col. Pierre Cherayron stated that it could have been insurgents close to Nkunda who attacked.
Col. Pierre Cherayron cannot rule out the Rwandan rebels as the attackers.
At some point in time, the UNHCR identified the affected camps as Mugunga I, Mugunga II, Lac Vert, and Bulengo.
At some point in time, about 28,000 people abandoned the first three camps.
At some point in time, about 2,000 people left Bulengo.
At some point in time, the UNHCR stated that 375,000 Congolese in North Kivu province have been forced from their homes in the past year.
At some point in time, in the past two months, 160,000 Congolese have fled their homes amid the fighting.
At some point in time, the fighting is between renegade troops and government forces.
At some point in time, North Kivu is in eastern Congo near the borders of Rwanda and Uganda.
At some point in time, Congolese President Joseph Kabila has tried to gain a cease-fire with the rebels in the area under Nkunda.
At some point in time, fighting continues in the area.
At some point in time, hard-liners among the rebels have blocked reconciliation efforts.
At some point in time, hard-liners in the government have blocked reconciliation efforts.
At some point in time, the International Crisis Group is a nongovernmental organization looking for solutions to conflicts.