At some point in time, King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia visited London this week.
At some point in time, Queen Elizabeth smiled during the state banquet.
At some point in time, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown smiled during the state banquet.
At some point in time, the UK political elite boycotted events related to King Abdullah's visit.
At some point in time, demonstrators lined the Mall during King Abdullah's visit.
At some point in time, the UK foreign secretary pulled out of a meeting with his Saudi counterpart.
At some point in time, the UK foreign secretary pulled out of a meeting to be with his new adopted son.
At some point in time, King Abdullah accused British officials of ignoring information.
At some point in time, the ignored information could have averted the terror attacks in London on July 2005.
At some point in time, the politics of King Abdullah's visit are open to debate.
At some point in time, the Saudis were in London to cement a strong trading and business relationship.
At some point in time, the trading and business relationship between Saudi Arabia and the UK has developed over the last 20 years.
Saudi Arabia is the UK's largest trading partner in the Middle East.
At some point in time, the UK is the second largest foreign investor in Saudi Arabia, behind the USA.
At some point in time, UK Trade & Investment has designated Saudi Arabia as one of its 17 "High Growth Markets."
At some point in time, the UAE and Qatar are also designated as "High Growth Markets."
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia is diversifying its economy away from oil.
At some point in time, commercial opportunities for the UK thrive in a variety of sectors in Saudi Arabia.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia is currently planning six privately-developed economic cities.
At some point in time, King Abdullah Economic City is the largest of the six economic cities.
At some point in time, King Abdullah Economic City will create one million jobs.
At some point in time, King Abdullah Economic City will be home to two million residents.
At some point in time, the aim of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority is to boost the economy.
At some point in time, the aim of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority is to create a pro-business environment.
At some point in time, the aim of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority is to attract investors.
At some point in time, the aim of the Saudi Arabian General Investment Authority is to foster investment opportunities.
At some point in time, the UK has been one of the top five exporters to Saudi Arabia since the early 1990s.
At some point in time, the top five exporters to Saudi Arabia are the USA, Germany, China, Japan, and the UK.
At some point in time, in 2007, Saudi Arabian bank SABB predicts that UK exports to Saudi Arabia will increase by more than 5.5 percent.
At some point in time, UK exports to Saudi Arabia are predicted to reach $2.8 billion in 2007.
At some point in time, the balance of trade continues to favor the British.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia's exports to Britain are gaining ground.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia's exports to Britain are closing the trade gap.
At some point in time, exports to Britain are expected to reach a record high of $2.1 billion this year.
At some point in time, three quarters of Saudi exports to the UK were from oil in the 1980s.
At some point in time, the non-oil sector accounts for 59 percent of Saudi exports to the UK today.
At some point in time, products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include machinery.
At some point in time, products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include transport equipment.
At some point in time, products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include plastics.
At some point in time, products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include non-metallic minerals.
At some point in time, products being shipped to the UK from Saudi Arabia include chemicals.
At some point in time, there are more than 150 Saudi-British joint ventures underway.
At some point in time, the value of the Saudi-British joint ventures is around $15 billion.
At some point in time, state visits are important for bolstering trade talks, according to John Sfakianakis.
At some point in time, the biggest deal that will mark the trade relationship is the purchase of 72 Eurofighter Typhoon Jets.
At some point in time, the purchase of 72 Eurofighter Typhoon Jets was sealed last week.
At some point in time, the contract for the Eurofighter Typhoon Jets is worth over almost $10 billion.
At some point in time, the contract for the deployment, maintenance, and training is worth a further $19 billion.
At some point in time, the UK government decided to call off a Serious Fraud Office investigation into defense contracts with Saudi Arabia.
At some point in time, the Serious Fraud Office investigation related to the sale of weapons by BAE Systems to Saudi Arabia in the 1980s.
BAE has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing.
BAE has repeatedly denied making payments to Saudi royals to win business.
At some point in time, political sensitivity surrounding King Abdullah's visit is unlikely to harm future trading relationships.
At some point in time, the relationship between Saudi Arabia and the UK is far deeper than political sensitivity.
At some point in time, Saudi Arabia's economy is booming.
At some point in time, businessmen see immense opportunities in Saudi Arabia.
At some point in time, everything else takes a subsidiary part in the booming economy of Saudi Arabia.