At some point in time, David Nalbandian defeated Roger Federer with a score of 1-6, 6-3, 6-3 in the final of the Madrid Masters.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian celebrated after defeating Roger Federer in the Madrid Masters final.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian is ranked 25th in the world.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian previously upset Roger Federer in the 2005 season-ending Masters Cup.
Roger Federer is the defending champion of the Madrid Masters.
At some point in time, Roger Federer played in his first tournament since winning the U.S. Open six weeks prior to the Madrid Masters final.
At some point in time, Roger Federer made 38 unforced errors during the match.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian became only the third player to beat the world's top-three players en route to winning a title.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic was the second player to beat the world's top-three players in 2023.
Boris Becker was the first player to beat the world's top-three players 13 years ago.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian ousted Rafael Nadal, who is ranked second, in the quarterfinals of the Madrid Masters.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian defeated Novak Djokovic in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian is 25 years old.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian lost in the Madrid final in 2004.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian claimed his first victory on the ATP Tour since May 2006.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian's victory in May 2006 was on clay in Portugal.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian spent a year without a coach.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian has revived his career since teaming up with Hernan Gumy.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian expressed that he is extremely contented to beat the world number one.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian stated that he and Roger Federer have a long history.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian believes that his history with Roger Federer influenced the match.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian described the first set as extremely hard.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian tightened his teeth and began to play more strongly during the match.
At some point in time, David Nalbandian stated that things came out fine and he played incredibly.
At some point in time, Roger Federer stated that David Nalbandian served well.
At some point in time, Roger Federer was surprised by how well David Nalbandian served.
At some point in time, Roger Federer acknowledged that David Nalbandian came back strong and played well in the end.
At some point in time, Roger Federer stated that David Nalbandian was a better player overall.
At some point in time, Roger Federer struggled to play aggressively after the first set for some reason.
At some point in time, Roger Federer noted that David Nalbandian played tough and did not miss any more shots.
At some point in time, Roger Federer expressed that he could not play the way he wanted to during the match.
At some point in time, Roger Federer described it as a pity that he could not play the way he wanted.
At some point in time, Roger Federer stated that David Nalbandian played a great tournament.