At some point in time, Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf declared a state of emergency on Saturday.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf ordered troops to take a television station's equipment.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf put popular opposition leader Javed Hashmi under house arrest.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf explained his actions in a televised address on Saturday.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf suspended the constitution.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf dismissed the Pakistan Supreme Court's chief justice for the second time.
At some point in time, police arrested Javed Hashmi, the acting president of ex-Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's opposition party.
At some point in time, ten aides of Javed Hashmi were arrested.
At some point in time, Javed Hashmi was arrested when he stepped outside his house in Multan.
At some point in time, the country is at a critical and dangerous juncture.
At some point in time, rising tensions and spreading terrorism threaten Pakistan.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf stated his actions were "for the good of Pakistan."
At some point in time, the Supreme Court declared the state of emergency illegal.
At some point in time, Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry claimed Pervez Musharraf had no power to suspend the constitution.
At some point in time, government troops came to Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry's office.
At some point in time, government troops told Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry that Pervez Musharraf had dismissed him from his job.
At some point in time, Justice Abdul Hameed Dogar was appointed to replace Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry.
At some point in time, this was the second time Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry was removed from his post.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf complained that the media have not been supportive.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf stated the media have reported "negative" news.
At some point in time, two dozen policemen raided the offices of AAJ-TV in Islamabad.
At some point in time, the policemen said they had orders to take AAJ-TV's equipment.
At some point in time, the government issued a directive warning the media against criticism of the president or prime minister.
At some point in time, criticism of the president or prime minister would be punishable by three years in jail and a fine of up to $70,000.
At some point in time, Talat Hussain is the director of news and current affairs for AAJ.
At some point in time, U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice stated that the United States does not support any extra-constitutional measures taken by Pervez Musharraf.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice said the situation in Pakistan is just unfolding.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice stated that anything that takes Pakistan off the democratic path is a step backward.
At some point in time, a senior Pakistani official said the emergency declaration will be "short-lived."
At some point in time, the emergency declaration will be followed by an interim government.
At some point in time, martial law is only a way to restore law and order, according to a senior Pakistani official.
At some point in time, Mahmud Ali Durrani is Pakistan's ambassador to the United States.
At some point in time, Mahmud Ali Durrani assured that Pervez Musharraf will move on the part of democracy that is promised.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf was re-elected president in October.
At some point in time, the election is not yet legally official.
At some point in time, the Supreme Court is hearing constitutional challenges to Pervez Musharraf's eligibility filed by the opposition.
At some point in time, under the constitution, Pervez Musharraf could not run for another term while serving as both president and military leader.
At some point in time, the court allowed the election to go ahead.
At some point in time, the court stated it would decide the issue later.
At some point in time, some speculated that the declaration of emergency is tied to rumors the court was planning to rule against Pervez Musharraf.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf has said repeatedly he will step down as military leader before the next term begins on November 15.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf has promised to hold parliamentary elections by January 15.
At some point in time, popular opposition leader Imran Khan stated that police surrounded his house in Lahore.
At some point in time, police barged into Imran Khan's house and told him he was under house arrest.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf had Imran Khan placed under house arrest during a government crackdown in March 2006.
At some point in time, Imran Khan stated that he and others are going to oppose Pervez Musharraf's actions in every way.
At some point in time, Imran Khan does not accept the situation regarding the emergency.
At some point in time, former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto described a "wave of disappointment" at Pervez Musharraf's actions.
At some point in time, Benazir Bhutto arrived in Karachi on Saturday from Dubai.
At some point in time, Benazir Bhutto had gone to Dubai to visit her family.
At some point in time, Benazir Bhutto wants to lift her Pakistan People's Party to victory in January's parliamentary election.
At some point in time, Benazir Bhutto hopes to have a third term as prime minister.
At some point in time, the political atmosphere in Pakistan has been tense for months.
At some point in time, Pakistani leaders considered a state of emergency in August.
At some point in time, Pakistani leaders considered a state of emergency because of growing security threats in the country's lawless tribal regions.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf held off on declaring a state of emergency, influenced in part by Condoleezza Rice.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf led the 1999 coup as Pakistan's army chief.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf has seen his power erode since the failed effort to oust Chief Justice Iftikhar Mohammed Chaudhry.
At some point in time, Pervez Musharraf's administration is struggling to contain a surge in Islamic militancy.