At some point in time, Iran should be allowed to pursue its nuclear program for peaceful purposes.
At some point in time, Russian President Vladimir Putin made this statement on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Putin's visit to Iran is the first by a Kremlin leader since 1943.
At some point in time, Putin is in Tehran to attend a summit of Caspian Sea nations.
At some point in time, Putin and the other leaders agreed that peaceful nuclear activities must be allowed in the region.
At some point in time, the Iranians are cooperating with Russian nuclear agencies.
At some point in time, the main objectives of the Iranian nuclear program are peaceful objectives.
At some point in time, Russia is building Iran's first nuclear power plant.
At some point in time, Russia has resisted moves by the U.S. and its allies to impose stronger U.N. sanctions against Tehran.
At some point in time, U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates reiterated the Bush administration's stance on Iran.
At some point in time, all options must be kept on the table in confronting the threats posed by Iran.
At some point in time, Gates referenced the option of using military action against Iran.
At some point in time, Gates stated that there should be no illusions about the nature of the Iranian regime or its leaders.
At some point in time, Gates expressed concerns about the Iranian leaders' designs for their nuclear program.
At some point in time, Gates expressed concerns about the Iranian leaders' willingness to live up to their rhetoric.
At some point in time, Gates expressed concerns about the Iranian leaders' intentions for Iraq.
At some point in time, Gates expressed concerns about the Iranian leaders' ambitions in the Gulf region.
At some point in time, the leaders of Iran, Russia, Kazakhstan, Turkmenistan, and Azerbaijan met to reach an agreement on issues relating to the sharing and regulating of the Caspian Sea.
The Caspian Sea is the world's largest inland body of water.
At some point in time, Putin stated that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third parties intent on military action against other countries in the region.
At some point in time, Putin referenced rumors that the U.S. planned to use Azerbaijan as a base for a possible attack against Iran.
At some point in time, Putin stated that no Caspian nation should offer its territory to third powers for use of force or military aggression against any Caspian state.
The Caspian Sea is an inland sea.
The Caspian Sea only belongs to the Caspian states.
Only the Caspian states are entitled to have their ships and military forces in the Caspian Sea.
At some point in time, Putin was greeted by Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki at Tehran's Mehrabad Airport.
At some point in time, Putin's visit occurred despite reports of an assassination plot against him.
At some point in time, Putin stated that rumors of an attempt on his life would not stop his plans.
At some point in time, Putin stated that if he reacted to rumors every time, he could never leave the house.
At some point in time, Iranian officials denied there was an assassination plot against Putin.
At some point in time, a Foreign Ministry spokesman described rumors of a possible terrorist action during Putin's visit as baseless.
At some point in time, spokesman Mohammadali Hosseini stated that spreading totally false news lacks any value.
At some point in time, Hosseini stated that spreading totally false news cannot damage the trend of the prepared programs.
At some point in time, Hosseini blamed the rumor on Western media, particularly the U.S. media.
At some point in time, Hosseini stated that the report was made up by the enemies of relations between Iran and Russia to create a psychological war.
At some point in time, Putin's visit is the first by a leader in the Kremlin to Iran since Joseph Stalin's World War II conference meeting with U.S. President Franklin D. Roosevelt and British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.
At some point in time, Putin's trip to Tehran is a show of Russia's independence in global affairs.
At some point in time, Putin wants to demonstrate that he wouldn't cave in to U.S. pressure.
At some point in time, Alexander Pikayev is an expert on Iran with Russia's Institute for World Economy and International Relations.
At some point in time, Putin's schedule includes meetings with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Iran's supreme leader, Ali Khamenei.