Alfred Hitchcock did not leave people in suspense about how he felt about actors.
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock was one of the towering geniuses of cinema.
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock was not the best collaborator.
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock was particularly trying for screenwriters.
At some point in time, screenwriters felt Alfred Hitchcock never properly credited them for their work.
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock was notoriously hard on actors.
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock was once quoted as saying, "Actors are cattle."
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock's quote stirred up a huge outcry.
At some point in time, actors can be touchy.
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock issued a correction to his quote.
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock said, "I have been misquoted. What I really said is, 'Actors should be treated as cattle.'"
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock began making cameos in his own films accidentally.
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock was short an actor for the film "The Lodger."
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock made it his egotistical trademark to appear in his own films.
At some point in time, Alfred Hitchcock amassed a total of 37 cameos throughout his career.
At some point in time, Ayn Rand is the patron saint of Thinking You're Better Than Everybody Else.
At some point in time, Ayn Rand was born Alissa Zinovievna Rosenbaum.
At some point in time, Ayn Rand's most famous novels are The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged.
At some point in time, The Fountainhead and Atlas Shrugged are massive dramatizations of Objectivism.
At some point in time, Objectivism is Ayn Rand's self-spun philosophy for success.
At some point in time, Objectivism champions ego and accomplishment.
At some point in time, Objectivism shuns all religion as folly.
At some point in time, Objectivism condemns any form of charity or altruism as counterproductive to society.
At some point in time, Ayn Rand's novels often focus on protagonists who are invariably men.
At some point in time, protagonists in Ayn Rand's novels are shunned by others because of their genius.
At some point in time, protagonists in Ayn Rand's novels persevere over the foolishness of morons.
At some point in time, protagonists in Ayn Rand's novels prove their genius and emerge triumphant.
At some point in time, Ayn Rand saw humility as a weakness.
At some point in time, Ayn Rand regarded laughing at yourself as "spitting in your own face."
At some point in time, Ayn Rand believed a lot in her own philosophy.
At some point in time, Ayn Rand ranked herself as the philosophical equal of Aristotle and Thomas Aquinas.
At some point in time, Orson Welles created a cinematic masterpiece such as "Citizen Kane" at the age of 25.
At some point in time, Orson Welles was convinced of his own importance much earlier than the age of 25.
At some point in time, "Citizen Kane" might have been sparked by a bruised ego.
At some point in time, Orson Welles devised the film "Citizen Kane" as an exposé of newspaper mogul William Randolph Hearst.
At some point in time, William Randolph Hearst slighted Orson Welles at a dinner party.
At some point in time, Orson Welles's arrogant side did not get any less subtle after the success of "Citizen Kane."
At some point in time, Orson Welles had outtakes for a TV commercial for frozen peas.
At some point in time, Orson Welles's outtakes for a TV commercial for frozen peas reveal his oversized ego.
At some point in time, Frank Lloyd Wright is arguably the genius of 20th-century architecture.
At some point in time, Frank Lloyd Wright believed he was superior to mere mortals.
At some point in time, Frank Lloyd Wright frequently acted as though the rules did not apply to him.
At some point in time, Frank Lloyd Wright's floor plan for Stanley Marcus's Dallas home included "sleeping porches."
At some point in time, Frank Lloyd Wright's "sleeping porches" required Stanley Marcus to sleep outdoors year-round.
At some point in time, Stanley Marcus's small bedroom "cubicles" came equipped with almost no closet space.
At some point in time, Stanley Marcus explained to Frank Lloyd Wright that temperatures during summer nights in Dallas often exceed 80 degrees.
At some point in time, Stanley Marcus explained to Frank Lloyd Wright that a high-fashion tastemaker might need bigger closets.
At some point in time, Frank Lloyd Wright threw a series of tantrums when Stanley Marcus explained his concerns.
At some point in time, Frank Lloyd Wright's tantrums usually took place in letter form.
At some point in time, Frank Lloyd Wright's tantrums are preserved and occasionally displayed at the Dallas Museum of Art.
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí said, "Every morning when I awake, the greatest of joys is mine: that of being Salvador Dalí."
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí designed everything about himself to shock, destroy convention, cause scandal, and stir controversy.
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí was criticized for choosing to live under General Franco's fascist government in Spain.
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí defended his position by stating that he didn't care about others so long as he could be king.
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí was not a man of the people.
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí was known to walk the streets of New York City clanging a hand bell.
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí said, "The thought of not being recognized [is] unbearable."
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí said, "At the age of 6 years, I wanted to be a chef."
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí said, "At the age of 7, I wanted to be Napoleon."
At some point in time, Salvador Dalí's ambitions have continued to grow at the same rate ever since.
At some point in time, Al Jolson was born Asa Yoelson in Seredzius, Lithuania.
At some point in time, Al Jolson was born in what was then part of Imperial Russia.
At some point in time, Al Jolson was known for hijacking the action in the middle of shows.
At some point in time, Al Jolson was known for ad-libbing during performances.
At some point in time, Al Jolson was known for stopping to talk to the audience during performances.
At some point in time, during a 1911 performance of "Paris is a Paradise for Coons," Al Jolson stopped and asked the audience if they'd rather hear him sing than see the rest of the play.
At some point in time, the crowd roared with applause when Al Jolson asked the audience if they'd rather hear him sing.
At some point in time, Al Jolson ditched the whole program and took over after the audience's applause.
At some point in time, no one else could share the stage with Al Jolson after he took over.
At some point in time, Al Jolson can be forgiven somewhat for his arrogance.
At some point in time, according to most contemporary accounts, Al Jolson actually was the greatest in the world.
At some point in time, Al Jolson's legacy has become a political hot potato because of his use of stage blackface.
At some point in time, stage blackface is considered highly offensive now.
At some point in time, stage blackface was pretty common at the time.