At some point in time, a highway shall be there, and a road shall be called the Highway of Holiness according to Isaiah Chapter 35, Verse 8.
At some point in time, churchgoers in six states have held prayer sessions along the side of Interstate 35.
At some point in time, the highway mentioned in Isaiah Chapter 35 may be Interstate 35 that runs through six U.S. states.
At some point in time, some Christians believe that Interstate 35 is the highway mentioned in the Bible.
At some point in time, churchgoers in all six states recently finished 35 days of praying alongside Interstate 35.
At some point in time, the prayers along Interstate 35 are still continuing.
At some point in time, some Christians believe that intensive prayer is needed for Interstate 35 to fulfill the prophecy of being the "holy" highway.
At some point in time, about 25 Christians prayed on the interstate's shoulder in Dallas.
At some point in time, the Christians chanted loudly and vibrantly while praying.
At some point in time, many people in the neighborhood wondered what was going on during the prayers.
At some point in time, the Christians prayed that adult businesses along the corridor would "see the light" and perhaps close down.
At some point in time, the Christians prayed for safety and freedom from crime for people who lived along Interstate 35.
At some point in time, the Christians prayed that all Americans would accept Jesus into their lives.
At some point in time, Cindy Jacobs is a Texas minister who came up with the concept of "Light the Highway."
Cindy Jacobs cannot be sure that Interstate 35 is what is mentioned in the Bible.
At some point in time, Cindy Jacobs received a revelation to start the "Light the Highway" campaign after reading Isaiah Chapter 35.
At some point in time, Cindy Jacobs points out that there may be a link between the area near Interstate 35 and historical tragedies.
At some point in time, the bridge collapse on Interstate 35 in Minneapolis happened last August.
At some point in time, the assassination of JFK occurred 44 years ago near Interstate 35 in Dallas.
At some point in time, Cindy Jacobs believes that prayer certainly can't hurt.
At some point in time, most people, both religious and non-religious, do not believe in the claims about Interstate 35.
At some point in time, the owners of some adult businesses along Interstate 35 do not believe in the claims about Interstate 35.
At some point in time, the owner of an adult go-go club resents people trying to impose their will on others.
At some point in time, the owner of the adult go-go club states that his club holds fundraisers, food drives, and toy drives to help the community.
At some point in time, the prayerful believe that holy highways and nude clubs are not a combination that God has in mind.