Katherine Heigl has every reason to smile for the camera.
Katherine Heigl is a star.
Katherine Heigl has a trio of gorgeous looks.
Katherine Heigl's favorite look is sexy but not overtly so.
Katherine Heigl likes simple hair and makeup.
Katherine Heigl experienced a self-tanning mishap.
Katherine Heigl walked stiffly while crossing the parking lot of the sandwich shop at the Roosevelt Golf Course at Griffith Park in Los Angeles.
Katherine Heigl held her arms away from her body while walking.
Katherine Heigl apologized profusely for running 10 minutes late.
Katherine Heigl sprayed her entire body with self-tanner.
The self-tanner refused to dry.
Katherine Heigl resorted to having her fiancé, musician Josh Kelley, take a blow-dryer to her self-tanner.
The blow-dryer did not work on Katherine Heigl's self-tanner.
Katherine Heigl wore a strapless, ankle-length Juicy Couture sundress.
Katherine Heigl donned the sundress to accommodate the residual stickiness from the self-tanner.
Katherine Heigl is wondering how mottled her tan will be when the lotion ever sets.
One bum experience could not turn Katherine Heigl off beauty products.
Katherine Heigl loves everything new.
Katherine Heigl is 28 years old.
Katherine Heigl was nominated for an Emmy for best supporting actress on "Grey's Anatomy." Katherine Heigl just started a production company at Fox.
Katherine Heigl went to Sephora for the first time while filming in Rhode Island.
Katherine Heigl described Sephora as her holy mecca.
Katherine Heigl recently had her bathroom vanity renovated.
The renovated bathroom vanity has a high counter.
The renovated bathroom vanity has large drawers below.
The large drawers hold Katherine Heigl's well-organized loot.
Katherine Heigl has a deal with Coty to be the face of Nautica's new women's fragrance in January.
Katherine Heigl plays TV dramedy as deftly as cinematic romantic comedy.
Katherine Heigl starred in the mega-hit "Knocked Up." Katherine Heigl will star in next year's "27 Dresses." Katherine Heigl is In Style's first ever triple-cover girl.
The three looks take Katherine Heigl from girl-next-door to red-carpet knockout to pixie-coiffed vamp.
Katherine Heigl's friends call her Katie.
Hollywood calls Katherine Heigl the Next Big Thing.
Katherine Heigl popped out her retainer to talk about makeup, breakouts, and what boys like.
Katherine Heigl has to take out her Invisalign before she eats.
Katherine Heigl got Invisalign because of a wonky tooth.
Katherine Heigl thinks Invisalign is awesome because every two weeks she switches to a new retainer.
Katherine Heigl described Invisalign as Netflix for teeth.
Katherine Heigl used to go without makeup.
Katherine Heigl is now paranoid about going without makeup because she gets followed by photographers.
Katherine Heigl does not want to be the subject of a "Look What This Celebrity Looks Like Without Makeup" picture.
Katherine Heigl admits to being vain.
Katherine Heigl likes beauty products.
Katherine Heigl goes through her drawers and purges often.
Katherine Heigl receives a lot of makeup products from people.
Katherine Heigl loves getting boxes of makeup.
Katherine Heigl feels she has to clean out her makeup and give stuff to her sister, mom, and friends.
Katherine Heigl believes there comes a point of gluttony that she cannot accept.
Katherine Heigl expresses her personality through style.
Katherine Heigl is a big hair-up person.
Katherine Heigl's hair was put in two French braids at work to keep it flat under the scrub cap.
Katherine Heigl thought the French braids looked cute.
Katherine Heigl thought she could recreate the French braids herself.
Katherine Heigl could not recreate the French braids herself.
Katherine Heigl fluctuates in clothing style.
Katherine Heigl likes to shop for sweaters.
Katherine Heigl believes her New Englander background influences her sweater shopping.
Katherine Heigl is building a house in the mountains in Utah.
Katherine Heigl tells herself she is "preparing" for building a house in the mountains.
Katherine Heigl likes sweaters because they do not require her to suck it in or worry about bloat.
Katherine Heigl has an idea of how she wants her hair and makeup at her wedding.
Katherine Heigl's idea for her wedding hair and makeup is dependent on the dress.
Katherine Heigl has not gotten her wedding dress yet.
Katherine Heigl's sister is getting married too.
Katherine Heigl looked for dresses with her sister.
Katherine Heigl was done after looking in about five stores for wedding dresses.
People say you just know when you put on the right dress.
Katherine Heigl's sister found the right dress quickly.
Katherine Heigl knows it can happen to her as well.
Katherine Heigl believes finding a wedding dress is grueling.
Katherine Heigl's mother has two daughters getting married within months.
Katherine Heigl's mother is probably asking, "Why, God? Why?" Katherine Heigl hired a planner for her wedding.
Katherine Heigl wants her wedding day to be spectacular.
Katherine Heigl mostly wants her wedding day to be fun.
Katherine Heigl does not want to freak out or stress on her wedding day.
Josh Kelley would not mind if Katherine Heigl's hair was brown, as long as it was still long.
Katherine Heigl thinks that is a typical boy opinion.
Katherine Heigl would contemplate wearing a wig out.
Katherine Heigl does not know if she has the courage to pull off wearing a wig.
Katherine Heigl once wore a long hair-extension ponytail.
Someone asked Katherine Heigl if her long hair-extension ponytail was real.
Katherine Heigl's skin is sensitive.
Everything bothers Katherine Heigl's sensitive skin.
Katherine Heigl keeps switching products, which makes her skin worse.
Katherine Heigl thinks she might stand too close to the mirror when examining her pores.
Katherine Heigl believes if she backed up, things might look fine.
Katherine Heigl carries powder in her bag because she gets shiny.
Katherine Heigl carries lip balm in her bag.
Katherine Heigl's favorite lip balm is either Smith's Rosebud Salve or C.O. Bigelow's Mentha Lip Shine in Black Cherry Soda from Bath & Body Works.
Katherine Heigl's favorite lip balm is shiny with a little shimmer and tastes good.
Katherine Heigl trains with Harley Pasternak.
Katherine Heigl loves Harley Pasternak with her whole soul.
Katherine Heigl follows Harley Pasternak's 5-Factor diet.
Katherine Heigl initially said she would never be an uber-athletic girl.
Katherine Heigl does not want to be an uber-athletic girl.
Katherine Heigl does not have the discipline to be an uber-athletic girl.
Harley Pasternak wants Katherine Heigl to be healthy.
A lot of what Katherine Heigl focuses on with Harley Pasternak is posture.
Katherine Heigl slumps into herself when she gets stressed.
Katherine Heigl would have to achieve a certain look if she were going to play an action hero.
Katherine Heigl would never maintain an action hero look.
For Katherine Heigl, it is never about achieving an impossible look.