At some point in time, obesity is the No. 1 health crisis in the United States.
At some point in time, the United States could be at risk without immediate action.
At some point in time, former President Bill Clinton said this at CNN's first Fit Nation Summit.
At some point in time, CNN's Dr. Sanjay Gupta and former President Bill Clinton lead the discussion at the first Fit Nation Summit.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton said, "We need to do something about it for our children, and for our country."
At some point in time, Bill Clinton said that something like obesity could easily collapse the nation if action is not taken now.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton and CNN's chief medical correspondent, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, gathered with experts from across the country on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the purpose of the gathering was to explore solutions to America's obesity crisis.
At some point in time, two-thirds of adult Americans are overweight or obese.
At some point in time, one-third of U.S. children are overweight or obese.
At some point in time, this information is according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
At some point in time, obesity carries an increased risk of myriad health problems.
At some point in time, the health problems associated with obesity include hypertension, diabetes, heart disease, and arthritis.
At some point in time, Gupta, Clinton, and a panel of experts addressed proposed solutions at the Fit Nation Summit.
At some point in time, proposed solutions include healthy school lunches.
At some point in time, proposed solutions include the elimination of trans fats.
At some point in time, proposed solutions include the need for healthier food in urban communities.
At some point in time, proposed solutions include the importance of supporting community-based efforts to fight obesity.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton has been tackling the obesity issue over the past few years.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton is working with his Alliance for a Healthier Generation.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton stressed the need to help educate people about the importance of a healthy diet.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton stressed the importance of exercising together.
At some point in time, motivating Americans, especially kids, will not be easy according to Bill Clinton.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton said that kids need to be handled with care.
At some point in time, kids need to know that fitness is important.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton said that fitness cannot be boring.
At some point in time, Bill Clinton said, "There's no shame, there's no embarrassment."
At some point in time, Bill Clinton said, "We have to let them know it's all good, but you have to do it."
At some point in time, Michael Jacobson is the director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest.
At some point in time, Michael Jacobson is a strong advocate against trans fats in foods.
At some point in time, Michael Jacobson stressed that the Food and Drug Administration should ban trans fats altogether.
At some point in time, Michael Jacobson said that the Food and Drug Administration should stop leaving the decision up to local and state governments.
At some point in time, trans fats were once thought to be good fat substitutes.
At some point in time, over the years, trans fats have been shown to raise LDL or bad cholesterol in people.
At some point in time, trans fats have been shown to lower HDL or good cholesterol in people.
At some point in time, Michael Jacobson said, "They're just not good for our health."
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Eckel is the former president of the American Heart Association.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Eckel warned that the biggest concern is what trans fats will be replaced with.
At some point in time, Dr. Robert Eckel said, "We need to think about that, because there will be a substitute."
At some point in time, the panel took questions from an audience of 150 people.
At some point in time, the audience was mostly obesity experts or those who work in industries that deal with obesity.
At some point in time, Gupta was inspired to launch Fit Nation.
At some point in time, Fit Nation is an ongoing, multiplatform, grassroots initiative against obesity.
At some point in time, over the past three years, Gupta and the CNN Medical Unit have crisscrossed the country.
At some point in time, Gupta and the CNN Medical Unit have asked Americans to take charge of their weight.
At some point in time, Gupta and the CNN Medical Unit have asked Americans to exercise more.
At some point in time, Gupta and the CNN Medical Unit have asked Americans to eat healthier.
At some point in time, this year, Gupta traveled from Michigan to California.
At some point in time, Gupta asked the public to pledge to add 1 million hours to their collective lives.
At some point in time, Gupta asked the public to add 1 million hours by getting off the couch and exercising.
At some point in time, since Gupta began the tour in April, the campaign has surpassed its goal.
At some point in time, the exercise pledges are close to four times the amount of the original goal.
At some point in time, Gupta hopes that legislators and administrators who can make a difference in policy will hear the solutions discussed at the summit.
At some point in time, Gupta said, "I've covered a lot of stories on obesity."
At some point in time, Gupta said, "There's a battle going on, and we need to win the battle."
At some point in time, Gupta has talked to people who are just blasé about obesity.
At some point in time, Gupta said, "This is our opportunity to make them care."