At some point in time, relatives of the 89 people killed in the plane crash in Phuket continued to arrive in the Thai resort town on Tuesday.
At some point in time, the relatives are trying to identify their loved ones' remains.
At some point in time, a Buddhist monk blesses the wreckage of One-Two-Go airline's MD-82 jet at Phuket airport on Tuesday.
At some point in time, most of the 89 people killed were foreign nationals.
At some point in time, about 36 of the bodies still have yet to be identified.
At some point in time, all of the unidentified victims were foreign nationals.
At some point in time, the U.S. Embassy in Bangkok said that five Americans were among those killed in the crash.
At some point in time, the One-Two-Go jet crashed in bad weather as it landed at Phuket's airport on Sunday.
At some point in time, U.S. officials had previously confirmed that four Americans died in the crash.
At some point in time, one American survived the crash.
At some point in time, eight British nationals are believed to have died in the crash.
At some point in time, Foreign Secretary David Miliband said that three British nationals were still in hospital.
At some point in time, one British national is in critical condition.
At some point in time, Thailand's Public Health Minister Mongkol Na Songkhla said that of the 41 survivors who remain hospitalized, 38 were in stable condition.
At some point in time, three survivors are in critical condition.
At some point in time, flight 269 was carrying 123 passengers and seven crew members when it left Bangkok for Phuket on Sunday afternoon.
At some point in time, the nationalities of the survivors include British, American, Swedish, Iranian, Austrian, Australian, Thai, German, Irish, Italian, Israeli, and Dutch.
At some point in time, one man arrived in Phuket on Tuesday from Paris.
At some point in time, the man described a frustrating process of trying to communicate with Thai officials.
At some point in time, the man is trying to locate the remains of his brother.
At some point in time, for some families, DNA testing may be the only way to positively identify their relatives.
At some point in time, Buddhist, Christian, and Muslim leaders gathered outside Phuket's airport on Tuesday to remember those killed.
At some point in time, the investigation into what caused the crash continues.
At some point in time, strong winds and rain are a suspected factor in the crash.
At some point in time, U.S. officials are aiding in the investigation.
At some point in time, the aircraft, a Boeing MD-82, was manufactured in the United States.
At some point in time, one air traffic controller at Phuket airport said pilots were warned of possible wind shear.
At some point in time, wind shear is dramatic changes in wind speed and direction.
At some point in time, airport officials said that the wind at the time of the crash was 17 kilometers an hour (11 miles an hour) with stronger gusts.
At some point in time, no planes were delayed or diverted because of the weather conditions.
At some point in time, the decision to land was the pilot's alone.
At some point in time, Phuket's airport manager said that air traffic control would give weather information to the pilot.
At some point in time, the final decision is dependent on the pilot.
At some point in time, One-Two-Go officials would not speculate on what may have happened.
At some point in time, One-Two-Go officials said they will wait for the findings of the investigation.
At some point in time, One-Two-Go officials said their aircraft were regularly checked and maintained.
At some point in time, One-Two-Go officials denied some media reports that questioned whether the discount airline employed more inexperienced pilots for lower salaries.
At some point in time, One-Two-Go is one of about 40 low-cost airlines operating in Asia.
At some point in time, the industry will be watching closely for the results of the investigation into the crash.