At some point in time, Republicans reacted with surprise and recrimination to criticism of the Iraq war from retired Lt. Gen. Ricardo Sanchez.
At some point in time, lawmakers lashed back at retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez after he criticized the war effort.
At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez called the Iraq war "a nightmare with no end in sight." The Bush administration shares blame for the Iraq war.
At some point in time, the State Department shares blame for the Iraq war.
At some point in time, Congress shares blame for the Iraq war.
At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez stated that dereliction of duty by a military officer would mean immediate dismissal or court martial.
At some point in time, politicians have not been held accountable for their actions regarding the Iraq war.
At some point in time, South Carolina Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham expressed being astounded by Sanchez's comments.
At some point in time, Sen. Lindsey Graham recently returned from Baghdad.
At some point in time, Sen. Lindsey Graham and GOP presidential candidate Sen. John McCain visited retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez several times in 2003 and 2004.
At some point in time, Sen. Lindsey Graham stated that every time he talked to Gen. Sanchez, he received pushback regarding troop levels.
At some point in time, Sen. Lindsey Graham claimed that there were enough troops and that Guard and reserves were not being strained.
At some point in time, Sen. Lindsey Graham stated that retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's record in Iraq is blemished.
At some point in time, Abu Ghraib got out of control under retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's watch.
At some point in time, the war in general got out of control under retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's watch.
At some point in time, Sen. Lindsey Graham stated that the commitment of nearly 30,000 additional U.S. troops since January is leading to improvement.
At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez told reporters that American political leaders have cost American lives on the battlefield.
At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez accused American political leaders of having a "lust for power." At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez stated that it was his duty to obey orders while on active duty.
At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez has an obligation to speak out now that he has retired.
At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez claimed that politicians espouse rhetoric designed to preserve their reputations and political power.
At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez stated that soldiers die because of politicians' rhetoric.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain wished that retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez had given his knowledge at the time of the war.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain stated that retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez should have spoken out at the time or resigned.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain claimed that it does not happen very often for individuals to speak out.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain stated that few speak out due to the consequences faced by those who do.
At some point in time, Sen. John McCain referenced former Army Chief of Staff Gen. Eric Shinseki as an example of someone who was sidelined.
At some point in time, former Army Chief of Staff Gen. Eric Shinseki was sidelined after telling Congress that hundreds of thousands of troops would be needed to occupy Iraq.
At some point in time, Sen. Mitch McConnell stated that retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez is simply wrong.
At some point in time, Sen. Mitch McConnell defined winning as a stable country and an ally in the war on terror.
At some point in time, Sen. Mitch McConnell believes that significant progress is being made toward a stable Iraq.
At some point in time, Sen. Mitch McConnell stated that the central government in Iraq has been an embarrassment.
At some point in time, the central government in Iraq has not been able to produce political compromises that were hoped for.
At some point in time, Sen. Lindsey Graham hopes that the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki will do something meaningful by the end of the year.
At some point in time, if the government of Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki does not act, it will be incumbent upon the United States to devise a new political strategy.
At some point in time, the United States must find a way forward or create a stable Iraq if the Iraqi government does not act.
At some point in time, Zbigniew Brzezinski stated that the situation in Iraq resembles a colony.
At some point in time, Zbigniew Brzezinski claimed that the U.S. encounters difficulties in Iraq.
At some point in time, Zbigniew Brzezinski stated that even Iraqis who were happy to see Saddam Hussein toppled are not happy with the continuing U.S. presence.
At some point in time, Zbigniew Brzezinski claimed that no one in the world really supports U.S. policy in Iraq.
At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez stated that the "surge" of U.S. troops into Iraq represents a desperate attempt by the administration.
At some point in time, retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez claimed that the administration has not accepted the political and economic realities of the Iraq war.
At some point in time, National Security Council spokeswoman Kate Starr did not address retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's comment.
At some point in time, National Security Council spokeswoman Kate Starr stated that the administration appreciates retired Gen. Ricardo Sanchez's service to the country.
At some point in time, Gen. David Petraeus is the U.S. top commander in Iraq.
At some point in time, Ryan Crocker is the U.S. ambassador to Iraq.
At some point in time, Gen. David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker stated that there is more work to be done in Iraq.
At some point in time, Gen. David Petraeus and Ambassador Ryan Crocker claimed that progress is being made in Iraq.