At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson was freed from a Georgia prison last week.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson is glad he rejected a plea deal from prosecutors.
At some point in time, the plea deal would have sprung Genarlow Wilson from prison months earlier.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson will be more conservative in the future.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson will be more alert in the future.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson served two years of a 10-year sentence for aggravated child molestation.
At some point in time, the prospect of being labeled a sex offender drove Genarlow Wilson to turn down the plea deal.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson had to think about his 9-year-old sister.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson had to think about having a family of his own one day.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson said that accepting the plea deal might have resulted in lesser time in prison.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson said that accepting the plea deal would have left him with nowhere to go.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson said that he would have no home if he accepted the plea deal.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson said that he wouldn't be able to stay with his mother if he accepted the plea deal.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson said that he has a little sister.
Genarlow Wilson said that as a sex offender, he cannot be around kids.
Genarlow Wilson said that he cannot have kids himself.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson questioned the point of life if he cannot have kids.
In 2005, a jury found Genarlow Wilson guilty of aggravated child molestation.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson had oral sex with a 15-year-old girl at a 2003 New Year's Eve party.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson was 17 at the time of the New Year's Eve party.
The conviction carried a 10-year mandatory prison sentence.
The conviction carried a sex offender designation.
At some point in time, prosecutors in Douglas County, Georgia, offered Genarlow Wilson a plea deal.
At some point in time, the plea deal would have reduced Genarlow Wilson's sentence.
At some point in time, the plea deal could have possibly reduced Genarlow Wilson's sentence to time served.
At some point in time, the plea deal would have eventually removed the conviction from Genarlow Wilson's record.
At some point in time, the plea deal would have eventually removed the sex offender status from Genarlow Wilson's record.
At some point in time, defense attorney B.J. Bernstein said that Genarlow Wilson rejected the plea deal.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson rejected the plea deal because he didn't want to plead guilty to a felony.
The felony would have a 15-year sentence.
At some point in time, the state Legislature amended the law under which Genarlow Wilson was convicted last year.
At some point in time, the amendment made such sexual encounters misdemeanors.
The Legislature did not make the law retroactive.
At some point in time, the amendment had no effect on Genarlow Wilson's sentence.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson was released on Friday.
At some point in time, the state Supreme Court ruled 4-3 that Genarlow Wilson's sentence constitutes cruel and unusual punishment.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson feels no negative energy toward District Attorney David McDade.
At some point in time, District Attorney David McDade fought efforts to have Genarlow Wilson's sentence reduced.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson is focused on the future.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson hopes to soon immerse himself in his college studies.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson wants to major in sociology.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson feels like he has been living his major.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson will be more appreciative of the blessings bestowed upon him.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson said that when it seems like he has everything, he feels like he has no worries.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson knows what it feels like to be without.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson does not want to ever feel like that again.
Genarlow Wilson does not ever want to see the inside of a prison.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson called his sentence absurd.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson understands that prosecutors were doing their job.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson understands that prosecutors felt they were carrying out the law.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson knows what he did was foolish.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson was young when he did foolish things.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson did some idiotic things in his teen years.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson believes that every average teen does idiotic things.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson does not think any of them made very wise decisions.
At some point in time, Genarlow Wilson does not think that any of them can go back and change what happened.