At some point in time, Prince Harry led tributes to Diana, Princess of Wales on the 10th anniversary of her death.
At some point in time, Prince Harry described Diana, Princess of Wales as "the best mother in the world" in a speech at a memorial service.
At some point in time, Prince Harry and Prince William can separate life into two parts.
At some point in time, Prince Harry and Prince William were blessed with the physical presence of both their mother and father during their childhood.
At some point in time, Prince Harry and Prince William have experienced 10 years since their mother's death.
At some point in time, Prince Harry and Prince William took their mother's unrivaled love of life, laughter, fun, and folly for granted when she was alive.
At some point in time, Diana, Princess of Wales was the guardian, friend, and protector of Prince Harry and Prince William.
Diana, Princess of Wales never allowed her unfaltering love for Prince Harry and Prince William to go unspoken or undemonstrated.
Diana, Princess of Wales will always be remembered for her amazing public work.
Diana, Princess of Wales was the best mother in the world to Prince Harry and Prince William.
At some point in time, Prince Harry and Prince William miss their mother.
At some point in time, Diana, Princess of Wales kissed Prince Harry and Prince William last thing at night.
At some point in time, Diana, Princess of Wales greeted Prince Harry and Prince William with her beaming smile from school.
At some point in time, Diana, Princess of Wales laughed hysterically and uncontrollably when sharing something silly she might have said or done that day.
At some point in time, Diana, Princess of Wales encouraged Prince Harry and Prince William when they were nervous or unsure.
At some point in time, Diana, Princess of Wales was determined to provide Prince Harry and Prince William with a stable and secure childhood.
At some point in time, losing a parent suddenly at a young age is indescribably shocking and sad.
At some point in time, the event of Diana, Princess of Wales's death changed the lives of Prince Harry and Prince William forever.
At some point in time, everyone who lost someone that night experienced a life-changing event.
At some point in time, Prince Harry and Prince William want to remember their mother as she would have wished to be remembered.
At some point in time, Prince Harry and Prince William want to remember their mother as fun-loving, generous, down-to-earth, and entirely genuine.
At some point in time, Prince Harry and Prince William think of their mother every day.
At some point in time, Prince Harry and Prince William speak about their mother and laugh together at all the memories.
At some point in time, Diana, Princess of Wales made Prince Harry, Prince William, and many other people happy.
At some point in time, Prince Harry hopes that Diana, Princess of Wales is remembered in a positive way.
At some point in time, Prince William read from St Paul's letter to the Ephesians during the memorial service.
At some point in time, Prince William prayed that God may grant strength in inner being with power through His Spirit.
At some point in time, Prince William prayed that Christ may dwell in the hearts of the attendees through faith.
At some point in time, Prince William prayed that attendees may be filled with all the fullness of God.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London made a speech during the memorial service.
At some point in time, the scene described by the Bishop of London is an old people's home.
At some point in time, two residents are playing Beggar My Neighbor in the old people's home.
At some point in time, the Princess entered the old people's home.
At some point in time, the question from the royal visitor was unexpected but everyone laughed.
At some point in time, everyone in the old people's home commented on the Princess's large eyes.
At some point in time, the Princess brought life into the room during her visit.
At some point in time, the Princess found the right word or gesture to bring cheer and comfort on countless occasions.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London remembers meeting Princess Diana for the very first time early in 1981.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London met Princess Diana to discuss details of the wedding service in St Paul's.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London felt nervous entering the presence of Princess Diana.
At some point in time, Princess Diana was 20 years old when the Bishop of London met her.
At some point in time, Princess Diana had a capacity for empathy and strong intuitive power.
At some point in time, any tension in the meeting with Princess Diana soon evaporated.
At some point in time, Prince Harry has spoken movingly about Princess Diana as a mother.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London wants to dwell on Princess Diana's public work, its cost, and its meaning.
At some point in time, Princess Diana joined her natural gifts of beauty, empathy, and powerful intuition with her association with the Royal Family.
At some point in time, the Royal Family generates an extraordinary charge.
At some point in time, the monarchy communicates by symbol and simple speech.
At some point in time, Princess Diana brought her own gifts to her public work.
At some point in time, Princess Diana was 26 years old in 1987 when she shook the hand of a patient at the opening of the Middlesex Hospital's Aids ward.
At some point in time, the Aids ward at the Middlesex Hospital was the first in the UK.
At some point in time, there was a degree of fear and prejudice surrounding Aids in the '80s.
At some point in time, Princess Diana played a significant part in overcoming a harmful and cruel taboo regarding Aids.
At some point in time, Princess Diana's gesture of shaking hands with the patient was not choreographed.
At some point in time, Princess Diana's gesture sprang from a deep identification with vulnerable people.
At some point in time, Princess Diana had a similar impact in the USA.
At some point in time, an editorial in the New York Times in 1989 admitted that it took a foreign and royal dignitary to draw attention to a major public health concern in the US.
At some point in time, Princess Diana's work for the victims of landmines caught the popular imagination internationally.
At some point in time, Princess Diana's work for the victims of landmines accelerated the adoption of the Ottawa Convention.
At some point in time, the Ottawa Convention bans the use of a weapon that disproportionately kills and maims women and children.
At some point in time, Princess Diana proved the eloquence of embrace and touch.
At some point in time, Princess Diana sought out places of suffering.
At some point in time, Princess Diana was not afraid to be with the dying and comfort them in an unsentimental way.
At some point in time, Bill Deedes accompanied Princess Diana on some of her visits.
At some point in time, Bill Deedes responded robustly to cynics regarding Princess Diana's work.
At some point in time, Bill Deedes said that Princess Diana sought to help vulnerable people in society.
At some point in time, Princess Diana was good at helping vulnerable people because she herself was vulnerable.
At some point in time, Princess Diana knew the feeling of vulnerability.
Diana, Princess of Wales did not set out to be a saint.
At some point in time, Princess Diana experienced the weight of expectation and intensity of scrutiny as a member of the Royal Family.
At some point in time, honoring and managing the role of a royal family member is a difficult task.
At some point in time, Princess Diana did all that she could to prepare her sons for the work that lies ahead.
At some point in time, Princess Diana received a great deal from some of those whose lives she touched.
At some point in time, Princess Diana said that John, a young Greek suffering from cystic fibrosis, showed no sign of anger or bitterness.
At some point in time, John touched everyone with an aura of optimism and hope for the future.
At some point in time, Princess Diana recognized the love of Christ in many of those whose lives she touched.
At some point in time, Princess Diana reached out for the mystery of life.
At some point in time, the more a person goes beyond themselves, the more they will become their true self.
At some point in time, the more a person loses themselves in loving and serving others, the more they will find themselves.
At some point in time, the more a person keeps company with those who suffer, the more they will be healed.
At some point in time, this knowledge passes all understanding.
At some point in time, this knowledge has been proved experimentally in the life of all the saints.
At some point in time, it is easy to lose the real person in the image.
At some point in time, there are regular reports of "fury" at incidents related to Princess Diana's memory.
At some point in time, Princess Diana's memory is used for scoring points.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London wants the service to mark the point at which people let Princess Diana rest in peace.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London wants people to dwell on Princess Diana's memory with thanksgiving and compassion.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London wants people to pray for all those who serve the country as members of the Royal Family.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London wants people to pray for the sons who were precious to Princess Diana.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London prayed that attendees may be rooted and established in love.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London prayed that attendees may have power with all the saints to grasp the love of Christ.
At some point in time, the Bishop of London prayed that attendees might be filled with the fullness of God.