At some point in time, the National Football League has indefinitely suspended Atlanta Falcons quarterback Michael Vick without pay.
At some point in time, NFL star Michael Vick is set to appear in court on Monday.
At some point in time, a judge will have the final say on a plea deal.
At some point in time, Michael Vick admitted to participating in a dogfighting ring as part of a plea agreement with federal prosecutors in Virginia.
At some point in time, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell stated that Michael Vick's admitted conduct was illegal, cruel, and reprehensible.
At some point in time, Roger Goodell stated that Michael Vick's actions have hurt his team, the NFL, and NFL fans.
At some point in time, Roger Goodell will review the status of Michael Vick's suspension after the legal proceedings are over.
At some point in time, Michael Vick admitted that he and two co-conspirators killed dogs that did not fight well.
At some point in time, Falcons owner Arthur Blank stated that Michael Vick's admissions describe actions that are incomprehensible and unacceptable.
At some point in time, the suspension makes a strong statement that conduct which tarnishes the good reputation of the NFL will not be tolerated.
At some point in time, Roger Goodell stated that the Falcons could assert any claims or remedies to recover $22 million of Michael Vick's signing bonus from the 10-year, $130 million contract he signed in 2004.
At some point in time, Michael Vick will plead guilty to one count of "Conspiracy to Travel in Interstate Commerce in Aid of Unlawful Activities and to Sponsor a Dog in an Animal Fighting Venture" in a plea agreement filed at U.S. District Court in Richmond, Virginia.
At some point in time, the charge against Michael Vick is punishable by up to five years in prison.
At some point in time, the charge against Michael Vick carries a $250,000 fine.
At some point in time, the charge against Michael Vick includes full restitution, a special assessment, and three years of supervised release.
At some point in time, federal prosecutors agreed to ask for the low end of the sentencing guidelines for Michael Vick.
At some point in time, the plea agreement stated that Michael Vick will plead guilty because he is in fact guilty of the charged offense.
At some point in time, Michael Vick admitted buying pit bulls and the property used for training and fighting the dogs.
At some point in time, Michael Vick did not bet on the fights or receive any of the money won.
At some point in time, most of the 'Bad Newz Kennels' operations and gambling monies were provided by Michael Vick.
At some point in time, gambling wins were generally split among co-conspirators Tony Taylor, Quanis Phillips, and sometimes Purnell Peace.
At some point in time, Michael Vick did not gamble by placing side bets on any of the fights.
At some point in time, Michael Vick did not receive any of the proceeds from the purses that were won by 'Bad Newz Kennels.'
At some point in time, Michael Vick agreed that collective efforts by him and two others caused the deaths of at least six dogs.
At some point in time, around April, Michael Vick, Purnell Peace, and Quanis Phillips tested some dogs in fighting sessions at Michael Vick's property in Virginia.
At some point in time, Purnell Peace, Quanis Phillips, and Michael Vick agreed to the killing of approximately six to eight dogs that did not perform well in testing sessions at 1915 Moonlight Road.
At some point in time, all of the dogs killed by Purnell Peace, Quanis Phillips, and Michael Vick were killed by various methods, including hanging and drowning.
At some point in time, Michael Vick agrees and stipulates that these dogs all died as a result of the collective efforts of Purnell Peace, Quanis Phillips, and Michael Vick.
At some point in time, Purnell Peace, 35, of Virginia Beach, Virginia; Quanis Phillips, 28, of Atlanta, Georgia; and Tony Taylor, 34, of Hampton, Virginia, have accepted agreements to plead guilty in exchange for reduced sentences.
At some point in time, Michael Vick, 27, is scheduled to appear in court on Monday, where he is expected to plead guilty before a judge.
At some point in time, the judge in the case will have the final say over the plea agreement.
At some point in time, the federal case against Michael Vick focused on the interstate conspiracy.
At some point in time, Michael Vick's admission that he was involved in the killing of dogs could lead to local charges.
At some point in time, it sometimes happens that the state will follow a federal prosecution by charging its own crimes for exactly the same behavior.
At some point in time, if Michael Vick makes admissions in his federal guilty plea, the state of Virginia could charge him in their court.
At some point in time, in the plea deal, Michael Vick agreed to cooperate with investigators and provide all information he may have on any criminal activity.
At some point in time, Michael Vick agreed to testify if necessary.
At some point in time, Michael Vick agreed to turn over any documents he has.
At some point in time, Michael Vick agreed to submit to polygraph tests.
At some point in time, Michael Vick agreed to make restitution for the full amount of the costs associated with the dogs that are being held by the government.
At some point in time, such costs may include all costs associated with the care of the dogs involved in that case.
At some point in time, such costs may include the long-term care and/or the humane euthanasia of some or all of those animals.
At some point in time, prosecutors, with the support of animal rights activists, have asked for permission to euthanize the dogs.
At some point in time, the dogs could serve as important evidence in the cases against Michael Vick and his admitted co-conspirators.
At some point in time, Judge Henry E. Hudson issued an order telling the U.S. Marshals Service to arrest and seize Michael Vick's property.
At some point in time, the U.S. Marshals Service was instructed to use discretion and whatever means appropriate to protect and maintain Michael Vick's property.
At some point in time, both the judge's order and Michael Vick's filing refer to approximately 53 pit bull dogs.
At some point in time, after Michael Vick's indictment last month, Roger Goodell ordered Michael Vick not to report to the Falcons training camp.
At some point in time, the NFL is reviewing Michael Vick's case.
At some point in time, Arthur Blank stated that he could not speculate on Michael Vick's future as a Falcon until he had seen a statement of facts in the case.