At some point in time, the author was 14 years old at the time of the events described.
At some point in time, Lebanon's civil war was in full flood during the author's childhood.
At some point in time, shells began raining down on the author's neighborhood in Beirut one afternoon.
At some point in time, a Lebanese woman and her son ran through west Beirut in 1989 during fighting between rival forces.
At some point in time, the author and classmates ran from school screaming.
At some point in time, the author forgot the book bags, classmates, and homework while running.
At some point in time, the author felt out of breath and knees giving way while running to the local shelter.
At some point in time, the local shelter was a dark humid room at the back of the author's apartment block.
At some point in time, the memory of that terrifying afternoon receded until recently.
At some point in time, after more than a decade of relative peace and reconstruction, bombings and assassinations returned to Beirut.
At some point in time, every time the author hears of a new explosion, the author thinks of a frightened child sitting in darkness.
At some point in time, in 1988, the author watched the last throes of Lebanon's civil war firsthand.
At some point in time, the author felt sad, frustrated, and often fearful like millions of Lebanese.
At some point in time, the author now watches from another continent.
At some point in time, the author finds the same emotions resurfacing while watching Lebanon's current situation.
At some point in time, the conspiracies, car bombs, threatening rhetoric, and political deadlock are eerily familiar to the author.
At some point in time, the actors in Lebanon's tragedy are like shadows from a long-gone past.
At some point in time, the actors in Lebanon's tragedy are grayer than before.
At some point in time, those who have avoided assassination are grayer than before.
At some point in time, the cast in Lebanon's tragedy has changed little in two decades.
At some point in time, a presidential election is the setting for Lebanon's current political situation.
At some point in time, the struggle where religion and clan play the main roles threatens to set Lebanon back 20 years.
At some point in time, in 1988, the president's term was coming to an end.
At some point in time, the warring factions were unable to agree on a new candidate in 1988.
At some point in time, militias prevented parliament members from reaching the assembly building in 1988.
At some point in time, compromise was nowhere in sight in 1988.
At some point in time, the West had abandoned Lebanon to the manipulation of its neighbors in 1988.
At some point in time, Syria had its choice for president in 1988.
At some point in time, Israel had its own allies in 1988.
At some point in time, Lebanon was awash with weapons in 1988.
At some point in time, in his last act as president, Amin Gemayel named Michel Aoun as prime minister.
At some point in time, Michel Aoun was the Army Chief in 1988.
At some point in time, Amin Gemayel shattered the convention that a Muslim hold the position of prime minister.
At some point in time, Muslims refused to serve in the Cabinet after Michel Aoun was named prime minister.
At some point in time, Lebanon ended up with two governments after Michel Aoun was named prime minister.
At some point in time, Michel Aoun famously declared, "I am prime minister and six ministers in one."
At some point in time, Michel Aoun's "War of Liberation" against Syria turned into defeat.
At some point in time, Michel Aoun turned on fellow Christians of the Lebanese Forces in the "War of Elimination."
At some point in time, the Syrians drove Michel Aoun to take refuge at the French Embassy.
At some point in time, in August 1990, the author came to CNN as a World Report panelist.
At some point in time, the author tried to explain Lebanon's chaos and the horrors of civil war for ordinary civilians.
At some point in time, the author had seen people killed in front of them.
At some point in time, the author had seen children orphaned in seconds.
At some point in time, the author had seen parents burying their infants in oversize white coffins.
At some point in time, the author was offered the opportunity to stay at CNN.
At some point in time, the author gratefully accepted the chance to escape the anarchy.
At some point in time, almost as the author left, the civil war was being laid to rest.
At some point in time, the various factions had fought each other to a standstill.
At some point in time, Arab governments, supported by the West, helped negotiate a new constitutional framework.
At some point in time, the new constitutional framework was overseen by Syrian influence.
At some point in time, peace came to Lebanon after the civil war.
At some point in time, it would be five years before the author returned to Lebanon.
At some point in time, in 1995, the author went back to Lebanon.
At some point in time, the author was stunned by the changes in Lebanon in 1995.
At some point in time, the author kept looking around for checkpoints manned by militants in 1995.
At some point in time, the author couldn't believe they could go anywhere without being harassed or kidnapped by one faction or another in 1995.
At some point in time, identity -- Christian, Muslim, or Druze -- no longer defined where Lebanese could go in 1995.
At some point in time, people mixed freely in chic coffee shops in 1995.
At some point in time, people smoked the hubble-bubble and laughed at the same jokes in 1995.
At some point in time, it was as if Lebanon's divisions had been wiped away by some magic eraser in 1995.
At some point in time, downtown Beirut was rocking to Lebanese pop music in 1995.
At some point in time, the dusty sandbags had given way to boutiques carrying the latest European fashions in 1995.
At some point in time, deluxe hotels had returned to Beirut in 1995.
At some point in time, lovers had returned to Beirut's Corniche for romantic strolls at sunset in 1995.
At some point in time, the agreement that ended the civil war was more a truce than a real settlement.
At some point in time, the agreement was overseen by a "pax Syriana."
At some point in time, anti-Syrian sentiment grew after the civil war ended.
At some point in time, political tensions grew after the civil war ended.
At some point in time, on Valentine's Day 2005, the Corniche was rocked by an explosion.
At some point in time, former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri was killed on Valentine's Day 2005.
At some point in time, the symbolism of Hariri's death left the author speechless.
At some point in time, it had been widely expected that Rafik Hariri would run for office again.
At some point in time, Rafik Hariri was expected to demand the withdrawal of Syrian troops.
At some point in time, suspicion fell on Damascus after Rafik Hariri's death.
At some point in time, Damascus vehemently denied involvement in Rafik Hariri's death.
At some point in time, on March 14, a human sea of demonstrators gathered in Martyrs' Square.
At some point in time, Muslims, Druze, and Christians alike demanded the "truth" in Martyrs' Square.
At some point in time, Rafik Hariri's death exposed the fault lines that had broken Lebanon a generation previously.
At some point in time, even after Syria withdrew its troops, Syria still had allies in Lebanon.
At some point in time, one of Syria's allies in Lebanon was Hezbollah.
At some point in time, Hezbollah was accused of the suicide attacks that had killed scores of U.S. Marines in Beirut more than 20 years previously.
At some point in time, another ally of Syria in Lebanon was Gen. Michel Aoun.
At some point in time, Michel Aoun was back from exile after Rafik Hariri's death.
At some point in time, Michel Aoun had defied Syria in 1989.
At some point in time, Michel Aoun made common cause with Hezbollah against his fellow Christians after Rafik Hariri's death.
At some point in time, earlier this year, the author visited Martyrs' Square.
At some point in time, the spirit of the Cedar Revolution had evaporated in Martyrs' Square.
At some point in time, Martyrs' Square looked like a morgue.
At some point in time, anti-government Hezbollah squatters had brought life in Martyrs' Square to a standstill.
At some point in time, business owners stood silent in the sun and shook their heads at the author in despair.
At some point in time, the author wondered if business owners sensed their disappointment.
At some point in time, the author wondered if business owners sensed their pain at watching Beirut bleed again.
At some point in time, Lebanon's political actors now find themselves re-enacting scenes from the final act of the civil war 19 years ago.
At some point in time, the term of the president is approaching its end again.
At some point in time, there is no agreement on the president's successor.
At some point in time, suspicion and fear are the political currency of the day in Lebanon.
At some point in time, the author questions if Lebanon's brief renaissance that amazed them in 1995 will be snuffed out by the old curse of sectarian rivalries.