At some point in time, O.J. Simpson walked out of jail late Wednesday after posting $250,000 bail.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson leaves the Clark County Detention Center late Wednesday night.
At some point in time, Eighth District Judge Jackie Glass doubled O.J. Simpson's bail to ensure his appearance at an April 7 trial.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass said O.J. Simpson had violated terms of his previous bail.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass stated that O.J. Simpson must remain in the Clark County Detention Center until 15 percent of the $250,000 is paid in full.
At some point in time, fifteen percent of the $250,000 is $37,500.
O.J. Simpson never paid any part of his previous $125,000 bail.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass told O.J. Simpson's lawyers that there is no "get-out-of-jail-free card" today.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass does not want O.J. Simpson out of jail until the 15 percent is paid in full.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass scolded O.J. Simpson, saying he wasn't taking the matter seriously.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass expressed uncertainty about whether O.J. Simpson's behavior was due to arrogance or ignorance.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson posted bail at about 6:15 p.m. local time.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson returned to jail in Nevada from his home in Florida on January 11 for Wednesday's hearing.
At some point in time, prosecutors alleged that O.J. Simpson violated the terms of his bail by attempting to contact a co-defendant.
At some point in time, Miguel Pereira is the original bail bondsman for O.J. Simpson.
At some point in time, Miguel Pereira testified that O.J. Simpson didn't put any money toward the bail that allowed him to leave jail in September.
At some point in time, Miguel Pereira said O.J. Simpson did not pay "one cent" toward the bail.
At some point in time, Miguel Pereira paid the 15 percent premium and the $40 filing fee to allow O.J. Simpson to leave the detention center.
At some point in time, Miguel Pereira had a power of attorney for O.J. Simpson's Florida home.
O.J. Simpson never filed a lien on O.J. Simpson's Florida home.
At some point in time, Miguel Pereira admitted he never sent O.J. Simpson a bill for the premium.
At some point in time, Miguel Pereira had an understanding with O.J. Simpson that he would be paid "after it was all over."
At some point in time, Jackie Glass described it as "mind-boggling" that O.J. Simpson never had to put up any collateral for his first bond.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass stated that the bail bondsman never asked for anything from O.J. Simpson.
At some point in time, prosecutors produced a recording of a profanity-laced voice mail message left on Miguel Pereira's answering machine in November from O.J. Simpson.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson told Miguel Pereira to deliver the voice mail message to co-defendant Clarence Stewart.
At some point in time, the voice mail message contained "an undercurrent of a threat."
At some point in time, the prosecutor wanted O.J. Simpson's bail to be raised to at least $1 million.
At some point in time, Yale Galanter did not contest the authenticity of the recording.
At some point in time, as part of his bail granted on September 19, O.J. Simpson was to have no contact whatsoever with victims, witnesses, or co-defendants in the case.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass stated that the same conditions apply this time.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass asked O.J. Simpson if he understands the conditions and rules.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson said he understands 100 percent.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass specified that there is to be no contact with others in the case.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass specified that there are to be no phone messages to third parties.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass specified that there are to be no emails.
At some point in time, Jackie Glass specified that there are to be no letters.
At some point in time, Yale Galanter stated that O.J. Simpson was truly contrite about what has occurred.
At some point in time, Yale Galanter said that O.J. Simpson will abide scrupulously by whatever the court decides.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson faces trial on April 7 on 12 criminal counts.
At some point in time, the 12 criminal counts include conspiracy, kidnapping, robbery, burglary, coercion, and assault with a deadly weapon.
At some point in time, the charges stem from a September 13 incident at a Las Vegas hotel.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson allegedly stole sports memorabilia he said belonged to him from dealers Alfred Beardsley and Bruce Fromong.
At some point in time, Alfred Beardsley and Bruce Fromong were offering more than 600 Simpson-related items for sale.
At some point in time, the items included ties O.J. Simpson wore during his criminal trial for the 1994 murders of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and her friend Ron Goldman.
O.J. Simpson was acquitted in the 1994 murder trial.