At some point in time, there is no remaining hope of finding six men trapped for almost a month in a Utah coal mine alive.
At some point in time, a federal official said this on Saturday.
At some point in time, Isaac Arellano holds a candle during a fundraiser for miners on Tuesday in Price, Utah.
At some point in time, Isaac Arellano sings during a fundraiser for miners on Tuesday in Price, Utah.
At some point in time, the Mine Safety and Health Administration has exhausted all known options in the attempt to reach the six miners over the past 25 days.
At some point in time, Richard Stickler is the head of the Mine Safety and Health Administration.
At some point in time, the thoughts and prayers of the dedicated professionals at the Mine Safety and Health Administration are with the families.
At some point in time, sympathy for the failed efforts came from the White House on Saturday.
At some point in time, a difficult decision was made to end the search last night.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush said this in a statement.
At some point in time, Laura Bush and George W. Bush are deeply saddened by this tragedy.
At some point in time, Laura Bush and George W. Bush continue to pray for the families of these men.
At some point in time, Labor Secretary Elaine Chao called the ordeal heartbreaking.
At some point in time, the grueling around-the-clock rescue operation claimed three lives.
At some point in time, the grueling around-the-clock rescue operation injured six others.
At some point in time, the grueling around-the-clock rescue operation took a tremendous toll on the many brave rescuers and the local community.
At some point in time, Elaine Chao's thoughts and prayers are with the brave rescuers and the local community.
At some point in time, after drilling seven holes into mine tunnels from the mountaintop above, there has been no sign of the miners.
At some point in time, microphones have picked up no sound from the six men.
At some point in time, tests showed underground oxygen levels were too low to sustain human life.
At some point in time, Richard Stickler said that the families were told that at this point in time they have run out of options.
At some point in time, Richard Stickler said that he has consulted with the people that he has there.
At some point in time, Richard Stickler said that he has consulted with technical support in Pittsburgh.
At some point in time, Richard Stickler said that he has consulted with private consultants in terms of where they can go.
At some point in time, Richard Stickler said that through all the information they have gleaned over the past nearly four weeks, they just don't know where else they can put a hole to get any other information.
At some point in time, Bob Murray is the president and CEO of Murray Mining.
At some point in time, Bob Murray is the co-owner of the Crandall Canyon Mine.
At some point in time, Bob Murray was the outspoken face of the rescue operation for the first three weeks.
At some point in time, Bob Murray largely disappeared from public view after the first three weeks.
At some point in time, federal officials became the spokesmen after Bob Murray disappeared from public view.
At some point in time, no one from Murray Mining was present at Friday's news conference.
At some point in time, the attorney for the families said that they are done and it is finished.
At some point in time, the attorney for the families said this according to the Saturday edition of The Salt Lake Tribune.
At some point in time, the attorney for the families said that it is a hard and bitter pill for the families.
At some point in time, the attorney for the families said that there were quite a few tears shed.
At some point in time, the six men were trapped during a collapse on August 6.
At some point in time, it is not known whether the six men survived the cave-in.
At some point in time, efforts to reach the six men were suspended 10 days later.
At some point in time, two rescuers were killed when efforts to reach the six men were suspended.
At some point in time, a federal mining official was killed when efforts to reach the six men were suspended.
At some point in time, six people were injured in a second collapse as they tried to tunnel horizontally toward the area where the six men had been working.
At some point in time, Bob Murray said last week that the search effort would stop if no signs of life were found at the sixth hole.
At some point in time, under pressure from the families, Bob Murray agreed to try one more time.
At some point in time, families wanted officials to drill a hole large enough to send down a rescue capsule.
At some point in time, the effort to lower the robotic device down a seventh hole had been called a long shot by an official.
At some point in time, MSHA's Richard Stickler said that the seventh hole was drilled into the Crandall Canyon Mine on Thursday.
At some point in time, there were problems with a robotic camera that teams were trying to lower into the seventh hole.
At some point in time, work resumed on Friday at the fourth hole.
At some point in time, the robotic camera could only descend about 7 feet.
At some point in time, the robotic camera saw really not that much.
At some point in time, there was quite a bit of mud in the fourth hole.
At some point in time, water was coming down the fourth hole.
At some point in time, the robotic camera could not go any farther than seven feet.
At some point in time, the roof was sagging in the fourth hole.
At some point in time, the families asked many questions.
At some point in time, the officials answered the families' questions the best they could.
At some point in time, the conclusion reached was that they had run out of options.
At some point in time, Bob Murray said last Saturday that he has already filed paperwork with federal regulators to permanently close and seal the Crandall Canyon Mine.
At some point in time, Bob Murray said that he will never come back to that evil mountain.
At some point in time, friends and family have identified the six missing miners as Luis Hernandez, Manuel Sanchez, Kerry Allred, Carlos Payan, Brandon Phillips, and Don Erickson.