At some point in time, the Senate approved Michael Mukasey's nomination for attorney general by a 53-40 vote.
At some point in time, waterboarding threatened to derail the approval of President George W. Bush's nominee to lead the Justice Department.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush nominated Michael Mukasey to replace Alberto Gonzales.
At some point in time, Alberto Gonzales resigned in September.
At some point in time, a number of Democratic senators opposed Michael Mukasey because of questions about his views on waterboarding.
At some point in time, a number of Democratic senators opposed Michael Mukasey because of questions about the president's power to order electronic surveillance.
At some point in time, Michael Mukasey told senators he considers waterboarding "repugnant."
At some point in time, Michael Mukasey could not categorically say whether waterboarding amounts to torture.
U.S. law bans torture.
International law bans torture.
At some point in time, waterboarding involves restraining a suspect and pouring water on him to produce the sensation of drowning.
At some point in time, Michael Mukasey's confirmation was likely assured when Dianne Feinstein said she would vote in favor of Michael Mukasey.
At some point in time, Michael Mukasey's confirmation was likely assured when Chuck Schumer said he would vote in favor of Michael Mukasey.
At some point in time, Chuck Schumer said the Department of Justice is adrift and rudderless.
At some point in time, Chuck Schumer said the Department of Justice desperately needs a strong and independent leader.
At some point in time, Chuck Schumer believes Michael Mukasey is a strong and independent leader.
At some point in time, Chuck Schumer said Congress would be within its rights to pass a law that bans waterboarding across all government agencies.
At some point in time, Chuck Schumer said the president would have absolutely no legal authority to ignore a law that bans waterboarding.
At some point in time, Chuck Schumer believes Michael Mukasey would be more likely to find waterboarding illegal than an interim attorney general.
At some point in time, Chuck Schumer said Michael Mukasey's written answers demonstrated more openness to ending the practices that are abhorred than previous attorney general nominees.
At some point in time, Patrick Leahy said some have sought comfort in Michael Mukasey's personal assurance to enforce a future law against waterboarding.
At some point in time, Patrick Leahy said any prohibition against waterboarding would have to be enacted over the veto of President George W. Bush.
At some point in time, Arlen Specter believes Michael Mukasey would enforce a law banning waterboarding.
At some point in time, Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey could have said more to give him assurances.
At some point in time, Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is intelligent.
At some point in time, Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is really learned in the law.
At some point in time, Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is strong.
At some point in time, Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is ethical.
At some point in time, Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is honest beyond any question.
At some point in time, Arlen Specter said Michael Mukasey is not an intimate of President George W. Bush.
At some point in time, a majority of Americans consider waterboarding a form of torture.
At some point in time, some Americans believe it is acceptable for the U.S. government to use waterboarding.
At some point in time, more than two-thirds of respondents, or 69 percent, said waterboarding is a form of torture.
At some point in time, twenty-nine percent of respondents said waterboarding is not a form of torture.
At some point in time, fifty-eight percent of respondents said the U.S. government should not be allowed to use waterboarding.
At some point in time, forty percent of respondents said the U.S. government should be allowed to use waterboarding.
At some point in time, the CNN/Opinion Research Corp. telephone poll surveyed 1,024 American adults.
At some point in time, the CNN/Opinion Research Corp. telephone poll was carried out over the weekend.
At some point in time, the CNN/Opinion Research Corp. telephone poll had a sampling error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points.