At some point in time, President Vladimir Putin said on Friday that security threats had forced Russia to revive the Soviet-era practice of sending bomber aircraft on regular patrols beyond its borders.
At some point in time, a Russian strategic bomber flies over an airfield outside Moscow during an air show.
At some point in time, Putin said 14 strategic bombers had taken off simultaneously from airfields across Russia in the early hours of Friday on long-range missions.
At some point in time, Putin stated that Russia has decided to restore flights by Russian strategic aviation on a permanent basis.
At some point in time, Putin spoke to reporters after inspecting joint military exercises with China and four Central Asian states in Russia's Ural mountains.
At some point in time, on August 17 at 00:00 hours, 14 strategic bombers took to the air from seven airfields across Russia.
At some point in time, support and refueling aircraft accompanied the 14 strategic bombers.
At some point in time, from today, such patrols will be carried out on a regular basis.
At some point in time, Putin hopes that Russia's partners will treat this with understanding.
At some point in time, White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe said he did not believe the flights posed a threat to the United States.
At some point in time, Gordon Johndroe stated that militaries around the world engage in a variety of activities.
At some point in time, Gordon Johndroe said that the flights are not entirely surprising.
At some point in time, the sorties are likely to add to Western concern about Russia's growing assertiveness.
At some point in time, some U.S. policymakers have drawn parallels with the Cold War due to this trend.
At some point in time, Putin caused a stir this year by saying that Russian missiles would once again be aimed at targets in Europe if Washington persisted with plans to build a missile defense shield in eastern Europe.
At some point in time, Russian diplomats have clashed with the United States and European governments on issues such as Kosovo, energy, and Moscow's treatment of its ex-Soviet neighbors.
At some point in time, Western military leaders have said this year that Russian flights near their airspace are becoming more frequent after a long quiet period.
At some point in time, one Western defense official called the flights "a little bit of chest-pounding, trying to let people know Russia is back in the game."
At some point in time, Putin said that when Russia cut its flights in 1992, other military powers did not reciprocate.
At some point in time, flights by other countries' strategic aircraft continue.
At some point in time, the continuation of flights by other countries' strategic aircraft creates certain problems for ensuring the security of the Russian Federation.
At some point in time, Putin's statement appeared to be a swipe at the U.S. and NATO.
At some point in time, U.S. and NATO strategic bombers have continued to fly long-range missions.
At some point in time, as Putin spoke to reporters and television cameras, four Russian military helicopters appeared and hovered in the background.
At some point in time, Russian tanks trundled behind Putin while he spoke.
At some point in time, the military exercises had ended long before Putin spoke.
At some point in time, during the Cold War, Russian long-range bombers played elaborate games of cat-and-mouse with Western air forces.
At some point in time, earlier this month, Russian air force generals said bomber crews had flown near the Pacific island of Guam.
At some point in time, the U.S. military has a base on the Pacific island of Guam.
At some point in time, Russian bomber crews "exchanged smiles" with U.S. pilots scrambled to track them.
At some point in time, the Pentagon said the Russian aircraft had not come close enough to U.S. ships to prompt American aircraft to react.
At some point in time, in July, two Russian Tu-95 "Bear" bombers made unusually long sorties over the North Sea.
At some point in time, Norway and Britain scrambled fighter jets to follow the two Russian Tu-95 "Bear" bombers.
At some point in time, Russia's air force said later that the flight was a routine flight.