At some point in time, Brendon Pelser saw pure terror in the faces of his fellow passengers after an engine fell from a wing.
At some point in time, the engine fell from the wing as the Boeing 737 Flight CE723 took off from Cape Town, South Africa.
At some point in time, men were sweating profusely.
At some point in time, women were crying.
At some point in time, there was fear on the faces of the passengers.
At some point in time, everyone started panicking.
At some point in time, the pilot of Nationwide Airlines' Boeing 737 Flight CE723 was able to fly long enough to dump fuel.
At some point in time, the pilot made an emergency landing at Cape Town International Airport.
At some point in time, including crew, 100 people were on the plane.
At some point in time, the plane departed at 3:50 p.m.
At some point in time, the flight was an hour long to Johannesburg, South Africa.
No one was injured.
At some point in time, the jet had only been in the air about 10 minutes before the engine fell.
At some point in time, a person on the right side said the engine was missing.
At some point in time, the engine had broken clean off.
At some point in time, Pelser described hearing something crash and bang.
At some point in time, the plane was veering left and right.
At some point in time, the flight crew told passengers to prepare for the worst.
At some point in time, the passengers flew in very slowly.
At some point in time, the passengers were all prepared for the worst.
At some point in time, the passengers went into the fetal position, with their heads between their legs.
At some point in time, the plane hit the runway.
At some point in time, Brendon Pelser prayed.
At some point in time, Brendon Pelser did not want to die.
At some point in time, Brendon Pelser was not really ready to die.
At some point in time, an object had been sucked into the engine as the nose wheel lifted from the ground.
At some point in time, officials are trying to identify the object.
At some point in time, the engine-to-wing supporting structure is designed to release an engine when extreme forces are applied.
At some point in time, the design is intended to prevent structural damage to the wing.
At some point in time, Nationwide Airlines described the incident as a catastrophic engine failure.
At some point in time, as the nose wheel lifted from the ground, the captain heard a loud noise.
At some point in time, the loud noise was immediately followed by a yaw of the aircraft to the right.
At some point in time, the yaw of the aircraft is described as sideways slippage.
At some point in time, the flight instruments showed the No. 2 engine on the right side had failed.
At some point in time, Brendon Pelser spent the night in Cape Town.
At some point in time, Brendon Pelser then flew back to Johannesburg.
At some point in time, Brendon Pelser lives in Johannesburg.
At some point in time, Brendon Pelser flew back on the same airline.
At some point in time, Nationwide Airlines stated the engine had undergone a major overhaul in March 2005.
At some point in time, the overhaul took place at an approved Federal Aviation Authority facility in the U.S.A.
At some point in time, the engine had flown only 3,806 hours since the overhaul.
At some point in time, these engines typically achieve 10,000 hours between major overhauls.