At some point in time, Bob Dylan wrote "It Ain't Me, Babe" for Joan Baez.
At some point in time, Ludwig van Beethoven wrote "Für Elise."
At some point in time, Beethoven wrote "Für Elise" for some girl probably not named Elise.
At some point in time, most historians believe that Beethoven didn't know an Elise.
At some point in time, the song "Für Elise" was originally titled "Bagatelle in A minor."
At some point in time, a Beethoven researcher claimed to have seen handwritten notation on a now-lost copy of the sheet music.
At some point in time, some scholars speculate that "Für Elise" was actually written for Therese Malfatti.
At some point in time, Therese Malfatti was one of several women who turned down a marriage proposal from Ludwig van Beethoven.
At some point in time, Elton John and Bernie Taupin wrote "Philadelphia Freedom."
At some point in time, Elton John wrote "Philadelphia Freedom" for Billie Jean King.
At some point in time, Billie Jean King gave Elton John a tracksuit.
At some point in time, the 1975 song "Philadelphia Freedom" is one of the most popular disco hits ever.
At some point in time, thousands of Hustle enthusiasts wonder what Billie Jean King had to do with Philadelphia.
At some point in time, the song "Philadelphia Freedom" was a reference to Billie Jean King's pro tennis team, The Philadelphia Freedoms.
At some point in time, prior to 1968, tennis players were all considered amateurs.
At some point in time, amateur tennis players weren't eligible to receive prize money.
At some point in time, if a tennis player didn't have the wealth to support themselves, they couldn't play.
At some point in time, Billie Jean King fought against the constraints of amateur tennis.
At some point in time, Billie Jean King ultimately founded Professional World Team Tennis in 1974.
At some point in time, Billie Jean King turned tennis into a paid league sport.
At some point in time, Ray Davies of The Kinks wrote "Lola."
At some point in time, Ray Davies wrote "Lola" for a transvestite.
At some point in time, according to Rolling Stone, "Lola" was inspired by Candy Darling.
At some point in time, Candy Darling was a member of Andy Warhol's entourage.
At some point in time, Ray Davies briefly dated Candy Darling.
At some point in time, Candy Darling is also referred to in Lou Reed's "Walk on the Wild Side."
At some point in time, in the Kinks' official biography, Ray Davies tells a different story about "Lola."
At some point in time, Ray Davies says "Lola" was written after the band's manager spent a drunken night dancing with a woman.
At some point in time, the woman had a five o'clock shadow that was obvious to everyone but the band's manager.
At some point in time, Jim Keller and Alex Call wrote "867-5309/Jenny."
At some point in time, Jim Keller and Alex Call wrote "867-5309/Jenny" for an unknown woman.
At some point in time, the songwriters make up a different story about the inspiration for "867-5309/Jenny" every time they are asked.
At some point in time, the phone number 867-5309 is real.
At some point in time, the phone number 867-5309 has been causing problems since 1982.
At some point in time, the passage of time hasn't quelled the number of crank calls to 867-5309.
At some point in time, in 1999, Brown University freshman roommates Nina Clemente and Jahanaz Mirza found out about the phone number's problems.
At some point in time, Brown University adopted an 867 exchange number for its on-campus phone system.
At some point in time, Nina Clemente and Jahanaz Mirza's Room No. 5309 became a magnet for crank calls.
At some point in time, other phone customers have fought back with creative solutions regarding the phone number 867-5309.
At some point in time, the holder of the phone number 212-867-5309 put his phone number up for auction on eBay in 2004.
At some point in time, bids for the phone number 212-867-5309 approached $100,000 before eBay pulled the item.
At some point in time, Verizon requested that eBay pull the auction item for the phone number 212-867-5309.
At some point in time, Neil Sedaka wrote "Oh, Carol."
At some point in time, Neil Sedaka wrote "Oh, Carol" for Carole King.
At some point in time, Neil Sedaka and Carole King dated briefly in high school.
At some point in time, "Oh, Carol" was a top-10 pop song in 1959.
At some point in time, the real success of "Oh, Carol" came when it inspired Carole King to write a rebuttal entitled "Oh, Neil."
At some point in time, Carole King and her husband Gerry Goffin were fledgling songwriters in need of a hit tune.
At some point in time, "Oh, Neil" wasn't a hit tune.
At some point in time, Carole King and Gerry Goffin landed jobs at the Brill Building pop music factory.
At some point in time, Carole King and Gerry Goffin wrote chart-toppers like "Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow."
At some point in time, Graham Nash wrote "Our House."
At some point in time, Graham Nash wrote "Our House" for Joni Mitchell.
At some point in time, in December 1968, Graham Nash and Joni Mitchell moved into a house in Laurel Canyon, Los Angeles.
At some point in time, Laurel Canyon was a commune-home away from commune-home for San Francisco society.
At some point in time, "Our House" was inspired by a lazy Sunday in the Nash/Mitchell household.
At some point in time, Graham Nash and Joni Mitchell went out to brunch.
At some point in time, Graham Nash and Joni Mitchell visited an antiques store.
At some point in time, Graham Nash and Joni Mitchell returned home to find the house chilly.
At some point in time, Graham Nash lit a fire in the house.
At some point in time, Joni Mitchell placed flowers in a vase that she bought that day.
At some point in time, the tableau in the Nash/Mitchell household seemed ridiculously domestic to Graham Nash.
At some point in time, Graham Nash spent the rest of the day writing about the tableau.