At some point in time, Erik Prince is the chairman and CEO of Blackwater USA.
At some point in time, Erik Prince appeared before the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform on Tuesday.
At some point in time, The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform convened amid an FBI investigation.
At some point in time, The FBI investigation is into a September 16 shootout involving Blackwater personnel.
At some point in time, The September 16 shootout resulted in the deaths of Iraqi civilians.
At some point in time, Erik Prince is sworn in at a congressional hearing on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Erik Prince's opening statement was transcribed.
At some point in time, Erik Prince's full name is Erik Prince.
At some point in time, Erik Prince is the chairman and CEO of the Prince Group.
At some point in time, Blackwater USA is a team of dedicated professionals.
At some point in time, Blackwater USA provides training to America's military and law enforcement communities.
At some point in time, Blackwater personnel risk their lives to protect Americans in harm's way overseas.
At some point in time, Blackwater provides an opportunity for military and law enforcement veterans to continue their support to the United States.
At some point in time, Blackwater operates under the direction and oversight of the United States government.
At some point in time, Erik Prince has respect for the brave men and women who defend U.S. personnel facilities and diplomatic missions.
At some point in time, Erik Prince is proud to represent Blackwater personnel.
At some point in time, Erik Prince founded Blackwater in 1997.
At some point in time, Erik Prince served almost five years in active service as a U.S. Navy SEAL.
At some point in time, Erik Prince wanted to offer assistance to the military and law enforcement communities.
At some point in time, Blackwater provides expert instruction and world-class training venues.
At some point in time, Blackwater trains approximately 500 members of the United States military and law enforcement agencies every day.
At some point in time, The United States government called upon Blackwater to fill a need for protective services in hostile areas after 9/11.
At some point in time, Blackwater personnel responded immediately to the call for protective services.
At some point in time, Blackwater is extremely proud of answering the call to support the United States.
At some point in time, All Blackwater personnel supporting overseas missions are military and law enforcement veterans.
At some point in time, Many Blackwater personnel have recent military deployments.
No individual ever protected by Blackwater has ever been killed or seriously injured.
At some point in time, Thirty brave men have made the ultimate sacrifice while working for Blackwater and its affiliates.
At some point in time, Numerous others have been wounded and permanently maimed while working for Blackwater.
At some point in time, The entire Blackwater family mourns the loss of brave lives.
At some point in time, Blackwater's thoughts and prayers are with the families of fallen personnel.
At some point in time, The areas of Iraq in which Blackwater operates are particularly dangerous and challenging.
At some point in time, Blackwater personnel are subject to regular attacks by terrorists and other nefarious forces within Iraq.
At some point in time, Blackwater is a target of the same ruthless enemies that have killed more than 3,800 American military personnel.
More than 3,800 American military personnel have been killed.
At some point in time, Thousands of innocent Iraqis have been killed.
At some point in time, Any incident where Americans are attacked serves as a reminder of the hostile environment in which Blackwater operates.
At some point in time, Blackwater works to keep American officials and dignitaries safe, including visiting members of Congress.
At some point in time, More American service members are available to fight the enemy because of Blackwater's work.
At some point in time, Blackwater shares the committee's interest in ensuring accountability and oversight of contract personnel.
At some point in time, Blackwater personnel are accountable under numerous statutes, treaties, and regulations of the United States.
At some point in time, Blackwater looks forward to working with Congress and the executive branch.
At some point in time, Blackwater aims to ensure that necessary improvements to laws and policies are implemented.
At some point in time, The worldwide personnel protection services contract was competitively awarded.
At some point in time, The worldwide personnel protection services contract details almost every aspect of operation and contract performance.
At some point in time, The worldwide personnel protection services contract includes hiring, vetting guidelines, background checks, screening, training standards, rules of force, and conduct standards.
At some point in time, In Iraq, Blackwater reports to the embassy's regional security officer, or RSO.
At some point in time, All Blackwater movements and operations are directed by the RSO.
At some point in time, The RSO ensures that Blackwater complies with all relevant contractual terms and conditions.
At some point in time, The RSO ensures that Blackwater complies with any applicable laws and regulations.
At some point in time, Blackwater has approximately 1,000 professionals serving today in Iraq.
Blackwater does not engage in offensive or military missions.
Blackwater performs only defensive security functions.
At some point in time, The Department of State and the FBI are conducting a full investigation into the September 16 incident.
At some point in time, The results of the investigation into the September 16 incident are not yet available.
At some point in time, Blackwater welcomes the FBI review announced yesterday.
At some point in time, Blackwater will cooperate fully with the FBI review.
At some point in time, Blackwater looks forward to receiving the conclusions of the FBI review.
At some point in time, A recent report from the Department of State stated that in 2007 Blackwater conducted 1,873 security details for diplomatic visits to the red zone.
At some point in time, The red zone refers to areas outside the Green Zone in Iraq.
At some point in time, There have been only 56 incidents in which weapons were discharged during Blackwater's security details in 2007.
At some point in time, Less than 3 percent of all movements involved discharged weapons in 2007.
At some point in time, In 2006, Blackwater conducted over 6,500 diplomatic movements in the Red Zone.
At some point in time, Weapons were discharged in less than 1 percent of Blackwater's missions in 2006.
At some point in time, Erik Prince considers any loss of innocent life to be tragic.
At some point in time, Every life, whether American or Iraqi, is precious according to Erik Prince.
At some point in time, Erik Prince believes that Blackwater acted appropriately at all times.
At some point in time, Erik Prince is prepared to answer questions.