At some point in time, a Sudanese court found Gillian Gibbons guilty of insulting religion.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons was sentenced to 15 days in prison.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons allowed a teddy bear to be named "Mohammed."
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons faces deportation from Sudan after her prison term.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons planned to appeal the verdict.
Gillian Gibbons was not convicted of inciting hatred.
Gillian Gibbons was not convicted of showing contempt for religious beliefs.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons was arrested on Sunday.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons asked her class of 7-year-olds in Khartoum to name the stuffed animal.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons faced charges under Article 125 of Sudan's constitution.
At some point in time, Article 125 of Sudan's constitution relates to insulting religion and inciting hatred.
There is no ban in the Quran on images of Allah or the Prophet Mohammed.
At some point in time, likenesses of Allah or the Prophet Mohammed are considered highly offensive by Muslims.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons arrived at the central courthouse in Khartoum for her closed hearing.
At some point in time, a staff member from the British Embassy in Khartoum attended the hearing with Gillian Gibbons.
At some point in time, defense lawyers attended the hearing with Gillian Gibbons.
At some point in time, the courthouse was heavily guarded by police.
At some point in time, police kept journalists away from the courthouse.
At some point in time, police kept one of Gillian Gibbons' attorneys away from the courthouse for a while.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons could have faced a sentence of 40 lashes.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons could have faced a fine.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons could have faced a jail term of up to a year.
At some point in time, the British Foreign Office expressed dissatisfaction with the verdict.
At some point in time, David Miliband said the charges against Gillian Gibbons were not dismissed.
At some point in time, David Miliband stated that this is an innocent misunderstanding by a dedicated teacher.
At some point in time, the British Foreign Office's priority is to ensure Gillian Gibbons' welfare.
At some point in time, the British Foreign Office will continue to provide consular assistance to Gillian Gibbons.
At some point in time, David Miliband called in the Sudanese ambassador, Omer Siddig, to explain the decision.
At some point in time, David Miliband discussed next steps with Omer Siddig.
At some point in time, the British Foreign Office said Gillian Gibbons would be given credit for the four days since her arrest.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons has 11 days remaining on her sentence.
At some point in time, David Miliband met with Omer Siddig.
At some point in time, Omer Siddig was summoned to the British Foreign Office in London.
At some point in time, David Miliband explained to Omer Siddig that the British government was very concerned by the case.
At some point in time, David Miliband stated that this was an innocent misunderstanding.
At some point in time, Omer Siddig undertook to ensure British concerns were relayed to Khartoum at the highest level.
At some point in time, Omer Siddig said he would reflect back to Khartoum the real respect for the Islamic religion in the UK.
At some point in time, around 25 police linked arms on the first floor of the courthouse.
At some point in time, police forced journalists away from the court entrance.
At some point in time, police forced British officials away from the court entrance.
At some point in time, police detained some journalists.
At some point in time, police confiscated a camera belonging to a freelance CNN cameraman.
At some point in time, four vans filled with riot police were waiting outside the courthouse.
At some point in time, there were no signs of street disturbances outside the courthouse.
At some point in time, there were no signs of protests outside the courthouse.
At some point in time, staff from Gillian Gibbons' school were present at the courthouse.
At some point in time, Robert Boulos is the head of Unity High School.
At some point in time, Robert Boulos was horrified when he found out that the complaint about the naming of the bear came from a member of his own staff.
At some point in time, the complaint about the naming of the bear did not come from a parent.
At some point in time, defense counsel confirmed that the complaint came from Sarah Khawad.
At some point in time, Sarah Khawad is a secretary at Unity High School.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons has been working at Unity High School since August.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons left her position as deputy head teacher at a primary school in Liverpool, England, this summer.
At some point in time, Robert Boulos said Gillian Gibbons asked the children to pick their favorite name for the new class mascot.
At some point in time, Gillian Gibbons was using the teddy bear to aid lessons about animals and their habitats.