At some point in time, the High Museum of Art is located in Atlanta, Georgia.
At some point in time, the High Museum of Art is premiering an exhibition titled "Inspiring Impressionism."
At some point in time, "Inspiring Impressionism" is organized by the Denver Art Museum.
At some point in time, "Inspiring Impressionism" opened on Tuesday at the High Museum of Art.
At some point in time, "Inspiring Impressionism" will run at the High Museum of Art through January 2008.
At some point in time, the exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism" will travel to Denver from February 23 to May 25, 2008.
At some point in time, the exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism" will travel to the Seattle Art Museum from June 19 to September 21, 2008.
At some point in time, the High Museum of Art is coupling its public opening of "Inspiring Impressionism" with a second year of Louvre-fueled shows from Paris, France.
At some point in time, the Denver Art Museum is hosting pieces seen in the first year of the three-year Louvre Atlanta series of exhibitions this fall.
At some point in time, globalization is dictating galas for art exhibitions.
At some point in time, custom shipping companies are likely among the biggest winners due to globalization in art exhibitions.
At some point in time, the High Museum of Art is showing "Inspiring Impressionism" at the same time as the second year of Louvre Atlanta.
At some point in time, it is uncertain whether showing "Inspiring Impressionism" at the High Museum of Art will pay off.
At some point in time, Monet's "Autumn on the Seine, Argenteuil" features boats.
At some point in time, smart museum-goers will see all exhibitions at the High Museum of Art.
At some point in time, "The Louvre and the Ancient World" examines some of the oldest treasures in the Louvre's holdings.
At some point in time, "The Eye of Josephine" is a companion show to "The Louvre and the Ancient World."
At some point in time, the Impressionist movement found its main proponents in French artists.
At some point in time, the emphasis of "Inspiring Impressionism" is on older works that influenced artists such as Claude Monet, Pierre-Auguste Renoir, and Paul Cézanne.
At some point in time, Bartolomé Esteban Murillo's "The Beggar Boy" is one of the most-copied canvases in Western art's modern history.
At some point in time, visitors to "Inspiring Impressionism" are reminded of the Louvre treasures at the High Museum of Art.
At some point in time, the entry gallery of "Inspiring Impressionism" is flanked by a photographic treatment of Louis Jules Arnout's "View of the Grand Gallery at the Louvre."
At some point in time, Louis Jules Arnout's "View of the Grand Gallery at the Louvre" was created between 1850 and 1870.
At some point in time, Arnout's original painting captured artists working and visitors promenading in the Louvre's chief exhibition space.
At some point in time, Louvre Atlanta's "The Tiber" marble dates from the first century A.D.
At some point in time, Michelangelo was aware of the marble piece "The Tiber."
At some point in time, Michelangelo was influenced by the marble piece "The Tiber."
At some point in time, visitors at the High Museum of Art contemplate dialogues between museums, viewers of art, and artists.
At some point in time, Michael Shapiro is the director of the High Museum of Art.
At some point in time, Michael Shapiro calls the synchronicities between museums "visual evidence of connections."
At some point in time, Timothy Standring is a colleague of Michael Shapiro at the Denver Art Museum.
At some point in time, Ann Dumas is a colleague of Michael Shapiro in London, England.
At some point in time, Timothy Standring and Ann Dumas contributed to the exhibition at the High Museum of Art.
At some point in time, the exhibition at the High Museum of Art includes comments and writings of various artists.
At some point in time, Degas stated that his art is the result of reflection and the study of the Old Masters.
At some point in time, Northern Trust Corporation is funding the exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism."
At some point in time, the National Endowment for the Humanities is funding the exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism."
At some point in time, the Federal Council on the Arts and the Humanities is providing indemnity support for the exhibition "Inspiring Impressionism."