At some point in time, one of the bigger difficulties any first-time car buyer faces is purchasing a car that doesn't scream "first-time" to friends, relatives, and co-workers.
At some point in time, a first-time car buyer experiences discomfort each time they step into an ill-chosen purchase.
At some point in time, a "shark" that races down roads is an example of a car that may appeal to a first-time buyer.
At some point in time, there are some sculpted and stylish cars available for about $20,000.
At some point in time, these cars will hold their looks for a long time.
At some point in time, these cars will give a little bit of joy to a first-time owner.
At some point in time, the Hyundai Tiburon means "shark" in Spanish.
At some point in time, the Hyundai Tiburon is a sporty coupe.
At some point in time, the Hyundai Tiburon can stalk the unwary first-time buyer.
At some point in time, the Hyundai Tiburon can snare a first-time buyer quickly.
At some point in time, the Hyundai Tiburon is perhaps the purest low-slung sportster.
The Hyundai Tiburon won't bust a first-time buyer's wallet.
At some point in time, the Hyundai Tiburon may chew a hole in the seat of a first-time buyer's pants.
At some point in time, the Hyundai Tiburon has tight-hugging bucket seats.
At some point in time, the Hyundai Tiburon boasts a startling design.
At some point in time, the Hyundai Tiburon has a touch of Italian styling.
At some point in time, the Mazda MazdaSpeed3 is a bona-fide pocket rocket.
At some point in time, any first-time buyer can put a fair distance between themselves and the pack in the Mazda MazdaSpeed3.
At some point in time, the Mazda MazdaSpeed3 is part of the Asian carmaker's strategy to wrestle performance compact coupe sales from European carmakers.
At some point in time, the Mazda MazdaSpeed3 isn't overbearingly dripped in trim or wings.
At some point in time, the Mazda MazdaSpeed3 has the capability to make peers jealous.
At some point in time, the Mazda MazdaSpeed3 will storm from standing to a mile a minute in under six seconds.
At some point in time, the Mazda MazdaSpeed3 is said to hit 155 mph.
At some point in time, the Mazda MazdaSpeed3 has torque negation in the low gears.
At some point in time, the Mazda MazdaSpeed3 has 263 horsepower under the hood.
At some point in time, the Mazda MazdaSpeed3 has a seven-speaker Bose stereo.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe is much like the Chevy Cobalt SS.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe boasts highly sprung motoring.
At some point in time, the price of the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe appeals to a first-time buyer's wallet.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has been tweaked slightly from the Chevy Cobalt SS.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has a less horizontal grille.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has a more sculpted valance.
At some point in time, both the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe and the Chevy Cobalt SS are reasonably stylish from the back and side.
At some point in time, both the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe and the Chevy Cobalt SS leave plenty of room for aftermarket add-ons.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has an inline-four 2.4-liter 173-hp engine.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has 25 horsepower over the base model.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe drives the front wheels.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe can hit 0-60 mph in 7.5 seconds.
At some point in time, the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe has good gas mileage.
At some point in time, the customer satisfaction ratings for the Pontiac G5 GT Coupe are high.
At some point in time, the Ford Mustang V6 has a revamped chassis.
At some point in time, the revamped chassis is the key to why the Ford Mustang has become an outstanding product.
At some point in time, the price of the Ford Mustang V6 is hard to beat.
At some point in time, the Ford Mustang V6 had a tweak to its iconic lines last year.
At some point in time, the Ford Mustang V6 has a smaller back window.
At some point in time, the Ford Mustang V6 has a longer, craggier front end.
At some point in time, some people might call a person a heretic for picking a V6 over the eight-cylinder included in the GT package.
At some point in time, the Ford Mustang V6 performs admirably.
At some point in time, the Ford Mustang V6 pushes out 210 horsepower.
At some point in time, the Ford Mustang V6 emits a low-down growl.
At some point in time, the Honda Civic Coupe has a surprisingly roomy front cabin.
At some point in time, the Honda Civic Coupe has enjoyable handling and maneuverability.
At some point in time, the Honda Civic Coupe has first-class economy.
At some point in time, the Honda Civic Coupe has a sporty elongated hood and swooping back end.
At some point in time, the Honda Civic Coupe includes a 350-watt premium sound system.
At some point in time, the Honda Civic Coupe includes a touch-screen satellite-navigation system.
At some point in time, the touch-screen satellite-navigation system has a screen that flips to reveal the CD player.
At some point in time, the Honda Civic Coupe has a slot for a computer memory card.
At some point in time, the Honda Civic Coupe has a funky dash that spectrally lights at night.
At some point in time, the Toyota Scion xB is a remodeled boxy wonder.
At some point in time, the Toyota Scion xB was released in 2004.
At some point in time, the second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB boasts wide rear pillars.
At some point in time, the second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB has wraparound headlights.
At some point in time, the second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB has a bumper that defines its design.
At some point in time, the second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB comes with gadgetry inside.
At some point in time, the second-generation variant of the Toyota Scion xB leaves plenty of room for aftermarket customization.
At some point in time, the Toyota Scion xB turns heads.
At some point in time, the Toyota Scion xB allows five adults to pack in relative comfort.
At some point in time, the Toyota Scion xB includes a central console that fits in a DVD player.
At some point in time, the Toyota Scion xB includes a backlit GPS sat-nav system.
At some point in time, the backlit GPS sat-nav system lights up in any one of 10 colors.
At some point in time, a co-worker bought a Honda Fit after crashing her old Saturn.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit was not the co-worker's first car.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit will be a first car for many buyers.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit is energetic.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit is filled with flair.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit boasts a vertical fold the length of its bonnet.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit looks the part.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit is colossally roomy inside.
The Honda Fit does not have a third row of seats.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit can become a camper with the back row folded flat.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit includes an mp3 input jack.
At some point in time, the Honda Fit includes reclining rear-seat headrests.
At some point in time, the gas mileage of the Honda Fit is very good.