At some point in time, Chris Benoit idolized the Dynamite Kid.
At some point in time, the Dynamite Kid was half of a professional wrestling team famous in the 1980s for spectacular high-flying, acrobatic moves.
At some point in time, Chris Benoit strangled his wife.
At some point in time, Chris Benoit suffocated his son.
At some point in time, Chris Benoit hanged himself in June.
At some point in time, the Dynamite Kid and his partner, Davey Boy Smith, were known as the British Bulldogs.
At some point in time, the British Bulldogs were quick, agile, and muscular.
At some point in time, the British Bulldogs won the World Wrestling Federation tag team championship in 1986.
At some point in time, young Chris Benoit dreamed of wrestling like the Dynamite Kid.
At some point in time, the real name of the Dynamite Kid is Tom Billington.
At some point in time, at the beginning of his career, Chris Benoit adopted the Dynamite nickname.
At some point in time, Chris Benoit copied the Dynamite Kid's signature moves.
At some point in time, in June, Chris Benoit murdered his wife and young son.
At some point in time, Chris Benoit hanged himself.
At some point in time, investigators found testosterone in Chris Benoit's body.
At some point in time, investigators found painkillers in Chris Benoit's body.
At some point in time, investigators found anti-anxiety drugs in Chris Benoit's body.
At some point in time, Georgia's chief medical examiner reported the findings a month later.
At some point in time, Billington told CNN that steroids can make a person aggressive.
At some point in time, Billington personally would not kill a child or a wife.
At some point in time, Billington now lives in a public housing apartment outside Manchester, England.
At some point in time, Billington has lost the use of his legs.
At some point in time, a pin sticks out from one of Billington's toes.
At some point in time, Billington blames his wrestling life for his condition.
At some point in time, Billington ignored doctors who told him to stop the punishment to his body.
At some point in time, Billington attributed his condition to steroids.
At some point in time, Billington told CNN that the steroids came from doctors.
At some point in time, Billington told CNN that the steroids came from friends.
At some point in time, Billington told CNN that the steroids came from steroids meant for horses.
At some point in time, Billington took all the steroids.
At some point in time, Billington took a terrible pounding in the ring.
At some point in time, Billington began taking extensive amounts of painkillers.
At some point in time, Chris Benoit's death has refocused a media spotlight on World Wrestling Entertainment.
At some point in time, World Wrestling Entertainment is the organization for which Chris Benoit wrestled.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon is the Chairman of the Board of World Wrestling Entertainment.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon appeared with Linda McMahon, his wife and WWE CEO.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon told CNN that nothing from the WWE had anything to do with Chris Benoit murdering his family.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon questioned how the WWE could know Chris Benoit would turn into a monster.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon defended the organization.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon stated that the WWE's drug-testing policy was not just for show.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon claimed that the WWE's policy stacks up just as well as anyone else's in sport.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon emphasized that the WWE is entertainment.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon stated that no one in entertainment has this kind of wellness policy.
At some point in time, critics say Vince McMahon pushes his stars and non-stars.
At some point in time, critics say Vince McMahon works his stars and non-stars too many nights per year.
At some point in time, critics say Vince McMahon has encouraged the large physiques prevalent in modern wrestling.
At some point in time, critics say Vince McMahon only looks at his employees as commodities.
At some point in time, critics say Vince McMahon views his employees as pawns in a huge business.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon's businesses are quite successful.
At some point in time, about 16 million people a week tune into WWE TV shows.
At some point in time, two of WWE's cable programs are "Raw" and "Friday Night Smackdown."
At some point in time, "Raw" and "Friday Night Smackdown" are weekly ratings giants.
At some point in time, pay-per-view specials generate an average of $100 million per year.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon stated that each person in the WWE bears responsibility for their own lives.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon stated that this responsibility is especially true outside the arena.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon said that if someone passes through the WWE, it is not the WWE's responsibility for that person's personal activities.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon claimed that there isn't any organization in the world that can claim to be totally drug-free.
At some point in time, the McMahons stated that the WWE is taking steps toward improving its oversight of its athletes.
At some point in time, since February 2006, more than 30 of the WWE's wrestlers have been suspended.
At some point in time, two wrestlers have been suspended since CNN's interview with the McMahons.
At some point in time, David Black helped the NFL develop its drug program.
At some point in time, David Black now runs tests for the WWE.
At some point in time, David Black stated that twice that number of wrestlers have tested positive and been given a warning.
At some point in time, Dr. Gary Wadler is a world-renowned expert in the study of drugs and athletes.
At some point in time, Dr. Gary Wadler stated that the WWE is not doing enough regarding drug testing.
At some point in time, Dr. Gary Wadler said that the WWE falls far short of where it needs to be.
At some point in time, Dr. Gary Wadler referred to the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in Colorado Springs, Colorado.
At some point in time, U.S. athletes training for the Olympics are randomly tested.
At some point in time, if U.S. athletes are caught just once, they face a two-year suspension from competition.
At some point in time, if U.S. athletes are caught a second time, they can be banned for life.
At some point in time, David Black's programs test wrestlers four times a year.
At some point in time, the first test is a "baseline" test according to the WWE.
At some point in time, David Black tests for "nonmedical" uses.
At some point in time, if an athlete has a prescription, he is cleared.
At some point in time, Travis Tygart stated that the loophole guts the entire program.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon denies that his wrestlers are pushed to use steroids.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon claims that the average wrestler is lighter than in recent years.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon stated that an expression in wrestling is that a wrestler's face is where they make their money.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon stated that a wrestler's personality is important in wrestling.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon stated that a wrestler's delivery and elocution are important in wrestling.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon stated that storylines are important in wrestling.
At some point in time, Vince McMahon stated that theatrical elements are important in wrestling.