At some point in time, the chief operating officer of the National Children's Museum was arrested on Tuesday.
At some point in time, the chief operating officer of the National Children's Museum is charged with distributing child pornography over the Internet.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer is accused of sending images depicting child pornography to people he believed to be a 12-year-old girl and her 33-year-old mother.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer was communicating with an undercover detective for the New York Police Department.
At some point in time, some of the pornographic images were sent from Robert A. Singer's computer at the museum.
At some point in time, a special agent investigates child pornography and child exploitation for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement filed an affidavit in support of the charges.
At some point in time, the Washington museum posted a message on its website saying officials are "horrified" by news of Robert A. Singer's arrest.
At some point in time, the Washington museum reported that Robert A. Singer has been suspended from his post, effective immediately.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer is barred from the property of the National Children's Museum.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer is 49 years old.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer was arrested at his home in Falls Church, Virginia, by federal agents.
At some point in time, authorities allege Robert A. Singer engaged in several instant messaging "chats" and e-mail communications with the undercover detective.
At some point in time, the undercover detective posed as the woman and her daughter.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer posed as the mother in an America On Line chat room called "Cuties."
At some point in time, the chat room called "Cuties" attracts people who are known to trade in pornographic images, including child pornography.
At some point in time, on five separate occasions in August 2007, Robert A. Singer sent several images of child pornography over the Internet to the mother and the daughter.
At some point in time, the images sent by Robert A. Singer depicted sexual acts between minors and adults.
At some point in time, the images sent by Robert A. Singer depicted known victims of child exploitation.
At some point in time, in his communications with the supposed daughter, Robert A. Singer pretended to be a 15-year-old boy.
At some point in time, in August 2007, Robert A. Singer sent two images featuring child pornography to the supposed daughter.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer included the instruction, "just delete it when you are done," with the images.
At some point in time, a search of Robert A. Singer's AOL account activity showed that from July to September, he sent about 80 images featuring child pornography to people including the detective.
At some point in time, the search revealed that Robert A. Singer had received about 10 images and one video depicting child pornography.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer was expected to appear before a U.S. magistrate judge later on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer is identified in the complaint as a spokesman for the National Children's Museum.
At some point in time, a spokeswoman for the National Children's Museum, who asked not to be identified, said Robert A. Singer was promoted to chief operating officer within the past few months.
At some point in time, Robert A. Singer has been employed by the National Children's Museum for four years.
At some point in time, the National Children's Museum was notified by the Department of Homeland Security and ICE of Robert A. Singer's arrest.
At some point in time, the National Children's Museum stated, "We are horrified by the charges."
At some point in time, the National Children's Museum stated, "This news is deeply upsetting to the National Children's Museum family."
At some point in time, the National Children's Museum stated, "As its essence, the National Children's Museum is about enriching the lives of children."
At some point in time, the National Children's Museum stated, "We are educators, child advocates and parents."
At some point in time, the National Children's Museum stated, "Anyone who does anything that might endanger the welfare of a child has no place here."
At some point in time, the National Children's Museum stated, "Harming children is against everything we stand for as an organization and as individuals."
The National Children's Museum, formerly known as the Capital Children's Museum, has been closed to the public since 2004.
At some point in time, the National Children's Museum operates from administrative offices.
At some point in time, a new facility for the National Children's Museum is being built.
At some point in time, the new facility for the National Children's Museum is scheduled to open in 2012.