At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez is a petty officer second class with the U.S. Navy.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez is about to be deployed overseas for a third time.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez may not be around when Eduardo Gonzalez comes back.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez and Eduardo Gonzalez worry about what would happen to their family if Mildred Gonzalez is deported.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez faces deportation to Guatemala.
Mildred Gonzalez has not seen Guatemala since 1989.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez does not know what would happen to his young son, Eduardo Jr., if Mildred Gonzalez is deported.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez likes being in uniform and serving his country.
At some point in time, if Mildred Gonzalez is deported, Eduardo Gonzalez will have to give up his military service.
At some point in time, if Mildred Gonzalez is deported, Eduardo Gonzalez will have to take care of his son.
At some point in time, if Mildred Gonzalez is deported, Eduardo Gonzalez will have to get a job.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez has thoughts about defending the country that is trying to deport his family.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez testified before a House Judiciary Committee panel last month.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez detailed his situation during his testimony.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez urged officials to consider a policy to deal with cases like his.
At some point in time, military members' families could be deported while military members are defending their country overseas.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez wants to serve his country 100 percent.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez feels he cannot serve his country 100 percent due to his concerns about his family.
The U.S. military does not have a policy to deal with cases of deportation of military members' families.
At some point in time, each case of potential deportation is handled case-by-case.
At some point in time, immigration authorities handle cases of potential deportation, not the military.
At some point in time, the government does not have numbers on how many military members are in situations similar to Eduardo Gonzalez's.
Marrying a U.S. citizen does not automatically entitle a spouse to U.S. citizenship or permanent legal status.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Margaret Stock is a member of the U.S. Army Reserves.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Margaret Stock teaches immigration law at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point, New York.
At some point in time, Lt. Col. Margaret Stock believes there should be an overall policy dealing with the potential deportation of family members of active duty military members.
At some point in time, when military members are in a combat zone, they need to focus all of their energies on fighting the enemy.
At some point in time, military members cannot worry that their loved ones back home could be deported.
At some point in time, the government is conflicted about how to treat cases of potential deportation of military members' families.
At some point in time, the government is supposed to provide military families with assistance, housing, and other forms of benefits while their spouses are overseas.
At some point in time, the government is trying to deport the same family members it is supposed to assist.
At some point in time, due to dysfunction and complexity of immigration laws, military members are facing situations where their family members could be deported.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez came to the United States with her mother in 1989.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez was 5 years old when she came to the United States.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez and her mother were granted political asylum because of their status as war refugees from Guatemala.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez's mother applied for legalization in September 2000.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez was included in her mother's application for legalization.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez's mother was granted legal status in July 2004.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez and Mildred Gonzalez got married six weeks before Mildred Gonzalez's mother was granted legal status.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez's marriage canceled her ability to apply for legal status through her mother.
Mildred Gonzalez is no longer an unmarried daughter under the age of 21.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez's legal status remains in jeopardy.
At some point in time, a judge granted Mildred Gonzalez a one-year extension to remain in the United States in June.
At some point in time, if Mildred Gonzalez's legal status does not change by June 8, 2008, she will have 60 days to voluntarily leave the country.
At some point in time, if Mildred Gonzalez's legal status does not change by June 8, 2008, she will face deportation.
At some point in time, Mark Krikorian is the executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies.
At some point in time, the Center for Immigration Studies lobbies for tougher laws on illegal immigration.
At some point in time, Mark Krikorian believes that allowing illegal immigrants with relatives in the armed forces is amnesty.
At some point in time, Mark Krikorian believes that allowing illegal immigrants with relatives in the armed forces is outrageous.
At some point in time, Mark Krikorian believes that there is no justification for a policy that allows illegal immigrants with military relatives to avoid deportation.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez believes that Mark Krikorian's response is unjustified.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez is trying to make his country better.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez believes that Mildred Gonzalez should also feel that the United States is her country.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez entered the United States legally.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez crossed the Mexican border with his family when he was about 10 years old.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez joined the Navy as a "green-card sailor."
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez became a U.S. citizen in July 2005.
At some point in time, the military accepts some immigrants who are not U.S. citizens.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez understands that laws have to be followed.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez believes that guidelines and a system must be maintained.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez believes that there are times when situations are out of reach for the system.
At some point in time, Mildred Gonzalez wants to feel safe and have a home just like everybody else.
At some point in time, U.S. Army Sgt. Emmanuel Woko is a member of the Army's 2nd Brigade, 1st Infantry Division.
At some point in time, U.S. Army Sgt. Emmanuel Woko faces his third tour in Iraq.
At some point in time, U.S. Army Sgt. Emmanuel Woko's wife and children could be sent back to Nigeria.
At some point in time, U.S. Army Sgt. Emmanuel Woko is extremely distressed by the thought of his wife being deported to Nigeria while he is deployed in Iraq.
At some point in time, U.S. Army Sgt. Emmanuel Woko's heart is bleeding at the thought of his wife being deported to Nigeria.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez shares the sentiment of U.S. Army Sgt. Emmanuel Woko regarding family deportation.
At some point in time, Eduardo Gonzalez and Mildred Gonzalez are not asking for anything except for their families to stay with them.