At some point in time, filmmaker Michael Moore has a new documentary titled "Sicko" that addresses America's health care system.
At some point in time, Michael Moore faced off with CNN chief medical correspondent and practicing neurosurgeon Dr. Sanjay Gupta on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Michael Moore and Dr. Sanjay Gupta argued about Gupta's report on Moore's film "Sicko."
At some point in time, Michael Moore criticized a report that Dr. Sanjay Gupta did on CNN Monday regarding "Sicko."
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta claimed that the facts in "Sicko" were fudged.
At some point in time, Michael Moore stated that Dr. Sanjay Gupta's claim is a lie.
At some point in time, Michael Moore asserted that none of the facts in "Sicko" are fudged.
At some point in time, Michael Moore and Dr. Sanjay Gupta shouted and argued over the data used by both individuals.
At some point in time, Michael Moore said that his staffers provided the film's facts to Dr. Sanjay Gupta before the report aired.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta aired his report knowing that his facts were wrong, according to Michael Moore.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta disputed Michael Moore's claim that he aired the report knowing his facts were wrong.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta said that he tries to look for the best sources possible.
At some point in time, Michael Moore has a lot of different numbers in "Sicko," according to Dr. Sanjay Gupta.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta accused Michael Moore of cherry-picking data from different reports.
At some point in time, both Michael Moore and Dr. Sanjay Gupta agreed that problems exist in America's health-care system.
At some point in time, Michael Moore and Dr. Sanjay Gupta agreed that the problems in America's health-care system need to be fixed.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta thought "Sicko" was a good movie and wanted to express that.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta believes that America's health-care system is broken.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta praised Michael Moore for raising awareness of health-care issues.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta expressed concern that "Sicko" suggests that health care in countries like France and Canada is free.
At some point in time, patients in countries with universal health care may not pay for services at the doctor's office.
At some point in time, patients in countries with universal health care pay high taxes to fund the system.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta is concerned that "Sicko" audiences might not realize that patients pay high taxes for health care in other countries.
At some point in time, Michael Moore stated that Americans pay more in copays, deductibles, and insurance premiums.
At some point in time, Michael Moore claimed that America has a health care system built on profit.
At some point in time, Michael Moore asked Dr. Sanjay Gupta if the current system is cumbersome for him.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta described the current health care system as shameful, especially when dealing with his patients.
At some point in time, Dr. Sanjay Gupta questioned Michael Moore's apparent solution of putting health care in the hands of the Bush administration.
At some point in time, Michael Moore has fiercely criticized the Bush administration in the past.
At some point in time, Michael Moore particularly criticized the Bush administration in his film "Fahrenheit 9/11."
At some point in time, Michael Moore stated that the government used to do things right.
At some point in time, Michael Moore believes that the problem lies in who is put in power.
At some point in time, Michael Moore has adamantly opposed the war in Iraq.
At some point in time, Michael Moore believes that the government should reprioritize.
At some point in time, Michael Moore took the position that the government should reprioritize many years before skepticism of the war's success became widespread in Washington.
At some point in time, Michael Moore expressed regret for spending time correcting Dr. Sanjay Gupta's facts instead of discussing the real issue.
At some point in time, Michael Moore identified the real issue as the ailing health care system.