At some point in time, Police and FBI agents are investigating the discovery of an empty rocket launcher tube on the front lawn of a Jersey City, New Jersey, home.
At some point in time, FBI spokesman Sean Quinn said that Niranjan Desai discovered the 20-year-old AT4 anti-tank rocket launcher tube.
At some point in time, Niranjan Desai discovered the rocket launcher tube lying on her lawn Friday morning.
At some point in time, the launcher has been turned over to U.S. Army officials at the 754th Ordnance Company.
At some point in time, the 754th Ordnance Company is an explosive ordnance disposal unit.
At some point in time, the 754th Ordnance Company is located at Fort Monmouth, New Jersey.
Army officials said the launcher is no longer operable.
Army officials said the launcher is not considered to be a hazard to public safety.
At some point in time, Police said there was no indication the launcher had been fired recently.
At some point in time, Army officials said they could not determine if the launcher had been fired.
At some point in time, Army officials indicated they should know once they find out where the launcher came from.
At some point in time, the nearest military base, Fort Dix, is more than 70 miles from Jersey City.
At some point in time, the Joint Terrorism Task Force division of the FBI is investigating the origin of the rocket launcher.
At some point in time, the Jersey City police are investigating the origin of the rocket launcher.
At some point in time, the Joint Terrorism Task Force division of the FBI is investigating the circumstance that led to the appearance of the rocket launcher on residential property.
At some point in time, Paul Cruickshank of New York University Law School's Center on Law and Security said that Al Qaeda doesn't leave a rocket launcher on the lawn of middle-aged ladies.
At some point in time, a neighbor, Joe Quinn, said the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn looked military.
At some point in time, Joe Quinn said the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn was brown.
At some point in time, Joe Quinn said the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn had a handle and strap.
At some point in time, Joe Quinn said both ends of the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn were open.
At some point in time, Joe Quinn said the object lying on Niranjan Desai's lawn looked like it could shoot something.
At some point in time, Joe Quinn said the device had a picture of a soldier on it.
At some point in time, Joe Quinn said the device was 3 to 4 feet long.
At some point in time, an Army official said the device is basically a shoulder-fired, direct-fire weapon used against ground targets.
At some point in time, an Army official said the device is a modern-day bazooka.
At some point in time, an Army official said the device is not wire-guided.
At some point in time, according to the Web site Globalsecurity.org, a loaded M136 AT4 anti-tank weapon has a 40-inch-long fiberglass-wrapped tube.
At some point in time, according to the Web site Globalsecurity.org, a loaded M136 AT4 anti-tank weapon weighs just 4 pounds.
At some point in time, according to the Web site Globalsecurity.org, the 84 millimeter shaped-charge missile can penetrate 14 inches of armor from a maximum of 985 feet.
At some point in time, according to the Web site Globalsecurity.org, the M136 AT4 anti-tank weapon is used once and discarded.