At some point in time, Youssif is a 5-year-old boy.
At some point in time, Youssif held his sister's hand on Friday.
At some point in time, Youssif is wearing a facial mask often used to help burn victims.
At some point in time, Youssif turns 6 next Friday.
At some point in time, Zainab is Youssif's mother.
At some point in time, Zainab expressed happiness about Youssif's situation.
At some point in time, Zainab did not think the reaction to Youssif's story would be this big.
At some point in time, Youssif's father was on the roof of his house when CNN called him.
At some point in time, Youssif's father received news about the outpouring of support for Youssif.
At some point in time, Youssif's parents want to thank everyone who has come forward.
At some point in time, Youssif's parents knew there was kindness out there.
At some point in time, Youssif's father could not stop smiling.
At some point in time, Youssif's father tried to get help for Youssif in Baghdad.
At some point in time, Youssif's father left no stone unturned on a mission to help Youssif.
At some point in time, Youssif's family made many trips to the Ministry of Health.
At some point in time, Youssif's father put in a request to Iraq's parliament for help.
At some point in time, Youssif was grabbed by masked men outside his home on January 15.
At some point in time, Youssif was doused in gasoline and set on fire.
At some point in time, Youssif's parents put themselves in incredible danger by coming forward.
No one has been arrested or held accountable in Youssif's case.
At some point in time, The Children's Burn Foundation is a nonprofit organization based in Sherman Oaks, California.
At some point in time, The Children's Burn Foundation provides support for burn victims locally, nationally, and internationally.
At some point in time, The Children's Burn Foundation agreed to pay for the transportation for Youssif and his family to come to the United States.
At some point in time, The Children's Burn Foundation agreed to set up a fund for donations for Youssif.
At some point in time, The Children's Burn Foundation will cover all medical costs for Youssif.
At some point in time, The medical costs for Youssif include surgeries, housing costs, and any social rehabilitation that might be needed.
At some point in time, Surgeries for Youssif will be performed by Dr. Peter Grossman.
At some point in time, Dr. Peter Grossman is a plastic surgeon with the affiliated Grossman Burn Center.
At some point in time, Dr. Peter Grossman is donating his services for Youssif's cause.
At some point in time, Officials are trying to get the appropriate visas for Youssif's family's travels.
At some point in time, Barbara Friedman is the executive director of the Children's Burn Foundation.
At some point in time, Barbara Friedman said the foundation is prepared to have Youssif's family come to the United States.
At some point in time, Barbara Friedman said the foundation will set up housing for Youssif's family.
At some point in time, Barbara Friedman said the foundation will provide support for Youssif's family.
At some point in time, Barbara Friedman said treatment for Youssif will last from six months to a year.
At some point in time, Barbara Friedman said Youssif will undergo many surgeries.
At some point in time, Barbara Friedman said Youssif will receive the absolute best care available.
At some point in time, Youssif's parents know the treatment process will be lengthy and difficult.
At some point in time, Youssif's parents believe adjusting to their stay in America may not be easy.
At some point in time, Youssif's parents prioritize getting help for Youssif above all else.
At some point in time, Youssif's father said he will do anything for Youssif.
At some point in time, Youssif's father pulled Youssif closer to him.
At some point in time, Youssif's mother tried to coax Youssif to talk to the reporters.
At some point in time, Youssif did not want to talk to the reporters.
At some point in time, Youssif's mother said Youssif is shy outside of their home.
At some point in time, The biggest obstacle for Youssif's family is getting the visas to leave Iraq.
At some point in time, Youssif's family faces serious security risks every day and hour they remain in Iraq.
At some point in time, Youssif's family has new hope in the world.
At some point in time, Tens of thousands of CNN.com users were moved by Youssif's story.
At some point in time, Tens of thousands of CNN.com users wanted to act after hearing Youssif's story.
At some point in time, CNN Iraqi staff were overwhelmed with the generosity coming from people outside of Iraq.
At some point in time, Many people in Iraq feel abandoned by the rest of the world.
At some point in time, The realization of generosity from outside Iraq was refreshing.