At some point in time, six of the seven college students killed in a massive house fire on Sunday morning in Ocean Isle Beach, North Carolina, attended the University of South Carolina.
At some point in time, a university official stated that this is a very sad day for the University of South Carolina family.
At some point in time, the seventh fatality is believed to be a Clemson University student.
At some point in time, the six survivors were treated and released from Brunswick Community Hospital.
At some point in time, the six survivors are also University of South Carolina students.
At some point in time, the bodies of the deceased students were being sent to Chapel Hill, North Carolina, for identification.
At some point in time, Dennis A. Pruitt said it is difficult to ascertain exactly who was in the house and who was not.
At some point in time, several area houses were filled with college students visiting for the weekend.
At some point in time, Tim Burns was aghast when he first saw the inferno early Sunday morning.
At some point in time, Tim Burns tried to approach the door but the flames were too intense.
At some point in time, Tim Burns told the Associated Press that he could hear the windows above him explode.
At some point in time, Tim Burns felt helpless when he knew the flames had taken over.
At some point in time, the University of South Carolina students were affiliated with the Delta Delta Delta sorority.
At some point in time, the University of South Carolina students were affiliated with the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity.
At some point in time, Dennis A. Pruitt stressed that the weekend was not an official Greek function.
At some point in time, certain sororities and certain fraternities hang around together on many university campuses.
At some point in time, one person described as "unaccounted for" was later confirmed dead.
At some point in time, Ocean Isle Beach Mayor Debbie Smith told CNN that they suffered a terrible tragedy at Ocean Isle this morning.
Nothing like this has ever happened at Ocean Isle Beach.
Debbie Smith hopes nothing like this will ever happen again.
At some point in time, Debbie Smith said officials had not yet contacted all the victims' families.
At some point in time, Debbie Smith said they were not yet releasing the names of the victims.
At some point in time, one of the 13 people in the house was related to the house's owner.
At some point in time, the house was fully engulfed in flames around 7 a.m. when the fire department arrived on the scene.
At some point in time, the fire department arrived about five minutes after being notified.
At some point in time, the house had working smoke detectors.
At some point in time, officials are investigating the cause of the fire.
At some point in time, Nick Cain told the Associated Press that he ran down the street to get away.
At some point in time, Nick Cain was staying at a house about 100 feet away.
At some point in time, some of Nick Cain's friends had met several people staying at the house that burned down.
At some point in time, the ash and the smoke were coming down on Nick Cain and his friends.
At some point in time, Nick Cain and his friends were just trying to get away.
At some point in time, Ocean Isle Beach is a popular resort destination along the southern coast of North Carolina.
At some point in time, the year-round population of Ocean Isle Beach is about 425.
At some point in time, the summer season population of Ocean Isle Beach is about 25,000.