At some point in time, firefighters in Southern California are facing wind-whipped walls of flame from 15 wildfires.
At some point in time, the wildfires have scorched more than 400,000 acres.
At some point in time, the wildfires have forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes.
At some point in time, the wildfires have killed one person.
At some point in time, the wildfires have injured at least 70 more people.
At some point in time, firefighters were aided by resources from Mexico.
At some point in time, firefighters were aided by resources from the state government.
At some point in time, firefighters were aided by resources from the federal government.
At some point in time, firefighters were aided by inmates from California's prisons.
At some point in time, San Diego Fire Department Battalion Chief Bruce Cartelli described scenes of "utter devastation."
At some point in time, hundreds of homes have been lost due to the wildfires.
At some point in time, "many hundreds" of homes have been damaged due to the wildfires.
At some point in time, Bruce Cartelli has 36 years of experience as a firefighter.
At some point in time, Bruce Cartelli believes that the wildfires will not end until they reach the ocean or the winds turn around.
At some point in time, meteorologists suggested that Santa Ana winds could die down Wednesday afternoon.
At some point in time, Santa Ana winds have fueled the wildfires with some gusts approaching 100 mph.
At some point in time, Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff stated that the weather has made it very difficult for air assets to fight the fires.
At some point in time, Michael Chertoff believes that if the weather cooperates, the tide may turn tomorrow.
At some point in time, nearly 350,000 homes have been evacuated in San Diego County.
At some point in time, as many as 950,000 people could be affected by the fires, based on U.S. Census Bureau numbers from the 2000 census.
At some point in time, at least half a million residents in San Diego County had been ordered to find refuge in shelters, schools, and stadiums.
At some point in time, more than 4,000 military personnel from several bases in the area are among the evacuees.
At some point in time, the fires spread quickly due to the winds pushing them across the area.
At some point in time, Johnny Villanueva fled with his wife and daughter to Qualcomm Stadium.
At some point in time, Qualcomm Stadium is serving as a shelter for more than 12,000 evacuees.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Villanueva saw a mountain on fire and expressed concern for her family.
At some point in time, animals are allowed in Qualcomm Stadium.
At some point in time, animals are allowed in a nearby field.
At some point in time, animals are allowed at Del Mar Fairgrounds and Racetrack.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush is scheduled to visit the area on Thursday.
At some point in time, Michael Chertoff arrived in San Diego Tuesday afternoon for a "first-hand look" at the devastation.
At some point in time, Michael Chertoff wanted to see the shelter situation in San Diego.
At some point in time, Michael Chertoff wanted to see what the fires look like up close.
At some point in time, Michael Chertoff stated that the federal response to the wildfires is "phenomenally better" than the response to Hurricane Katrina in 2005.
At some point in time, Michael Chertoff believes that the federal response is better because of preparation, planning, and training over the last 2 ½ years.
At some point in time, thirty-four firefighters have been injured.
At some point in time, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger expressed that he was "heartbroken" after touring the Lake Arrowhead area.
At some point in time, the Grass Valley and Slide fires have burned 5,000 acres.
At some point in time, the Grass Valley and Slide fires have destroyed more than 200 homes.
At some point in time, Arnold Schwarzenegger described the situation in California as a tragedy.
At some point in time, the combination of dry terrain, searing heat, and hammering winds created "the perfect storm for fire."
At some point in time, about 7,000 firefighters are battling the blazes.
At some point in time, 2,300 inmates from California's Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation are among the firefighters battling the blazes.
At some point in time, San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders stated that the mayor of Tijuana, Mexico, sent four fire engines and their crews to help.
At some point in time, the governor of Baja California offered help.
At some point in time, Michael Chertoff stated that cots, blankets, water, and other supplies have been moved where they are needed.
At some point in time, the Federal Emergency Management Agency delivered 25,000 cots to Qualcomm Stadium early Tuesday.
At some point in time, at least 150 National Guard members are assigned to provide security at Qualcomm Stadium.
At some point in time, the Witch fire in northern San Diego County has grown to 200,000 acres.
At some point in time, the Witch fire is the priority due to its significant threat to structures.
At some point in time, the Harris fire had burned more than 70,000 acres by mid-morning.
At some point in time, the Ranch, Buckweed, and Magic fires have charred more than 93,000 acres in northern Los Angeles County.
At some point in time, fire officials fear that the Ranch, Buckweed, and Magic fires could merge.
At some point in time, the Ranch fire is 54,500 acres in size.
At some point in time, the Ranch fire is only two miles away from the 1,200-acre Magic fire.
At some point in time, the blazes are straddling the L.A.-Ventura County line.
At some point in time, Captain Barry Parker stated that they truly do not have enough resources to fight the fires.
At some point in time, Captain Barry Parker stated that they are using a limited amount of resources to fight the fires.
At some point in time, Captain Barry Parker stated that they have about 600 people on the Ranch fire.
At some point in time, Captain Barry Parker stated that they normally would have about 1,500 people on the Ranch fire.
At some point in time, Captain Barry Parker stated that they have to be absolutely surgical in how they plan and use fire equipment.
At some point in time, California does not have enough fire engines to battle the blazes.
At some point in time, a utility spokesman stated that a 500,000-volt transmission line was damaged when the Harris fire expanded.
At some point in time, the damaged transmission line will be out of service until at least Wednesday.
At some point in time, other transmission lines have been destroyed.
At some point in time, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger stated that Mexico's Federal Electrical Commission is providing power to the area's grid.
At some point in time, California received extensive offers of manpower and equipment from the military.
At some point in time, a total of 550 Marines are ready for deployment from Camp Pendleton.
At some point in time, 67 Defense Department employees are already engaged in firefighting efforts.
At some point in time, 12 firefighting teams from the Defense Department are already engaged.
At some point in time, eleven Defense Department helicopters equipped with water buckets are available.
At some point in time, more than 17,000 National Guardsmen are available.
At some point in time, six C-130 aircraft are able to drop water and flame retardant on the flames.
At some point in time, aerial attacks on the fires have been limited by the fierce Santa Ana winds.
At some point in time, the Red Cross has set up 11 shelters in the area.
At some point in time, the Red Cross housed 3,000 people Monday night.
At some point in time, more people were expected to be housed by the Red Cross on Tuesday.
At some point in time, a firefighter at Rancho Bernardo in San Diego County expressed distress.
At some point in time, the firefighter stated that every firefighter feels like the homes are their own.
At some point in time, the firefighter stated that it is devastating to see so much destruction all at once.