At some point in time, U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice stated that State Department officials should serve where they are needed.
At some point in time, U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice said that people need to serve where they are needed.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice responded to foreign service officers' objections to the possibility of directed assignments in Iraq.
At some point in time, the issue of directed assignments has caused an uproar in the State Department.
At some point in time, the uproar in the State Department resulted in a contentious town hall-style meeting on Wednesday.
At some point in time, new directives would be needed if enough qualified foreign service officers do not step forward to fill open positions at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad.
At some point in time, if the State Department enforces directed assignments, it will be the first time since the Vietnam War era.
At some point in time, one official called the order to serve in Iraq a potential death sentence during the town meeting.
At some point in time, the State Department has begun notifying about 200 people considered prime candidates.
At some point in time, those chosen will be given 10 days to respond.
At some point in time, those who decline could face dismissal unless they have a valid medical reason to refuse.
At some point in time, Wednesday's heated meeting was replayed on an internal State Department television channel in Washington several times.
At some point in time, the heated meeting was talked about widely.
At some point in time, some attendees at the hourlong meeting questioned why they were not informed of the policy change directly.
At some point in time, some attendees learned about the policy change from news organizations last week.
At some point in time, foreign service officer Jack Croddy expressed a lack of respect for the process.
At some point in time, Jack Croddy stated that the process demonstrated a lack of respect for colleagues.
At some point in time, Harry Thomas Jr., director general of the foreign service, responded to Jack Croddy's comment.
At some point in time, Harry Thomas Jr. stated that Jack Croddy's comment was full of inaccuracies.
At some point in time, others pointed out the risks of assignments in a war zone.
At some point in time, others mentioned the lack of security in a war zone.
At some point in time, others noted the regular rocket attacks on U.S. personnel in a war zone.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice did not attend the meeting.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice tried to calm things down by underscoring the State Department's attempts to protect diplomats.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice stated that protecting diplomats is one of the highest priority tasks of the United States.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice stated that the United States will meet its obligations.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice expressed uncertainty about whether there will be direct assignments.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice stated that people need to serve where they are needed.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice sent out a cable to State Department employees worldwide encouraging them to serve in Iraq.
At some point in time, U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker identified the need for additional positions to accomplish the mission in Iraq.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice decided to go forward with the identification of officers to serve in Iraq.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice stated that the identification of officers should prove necessary to direct assignments.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice stated that if others step forward, the new jobs will be filled with volunteers.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice stated that regardless of how the jobs may be filled, they must be filled.
At some point in time, Condoleezza Rice earlier stated that reports of difficulty in coaxing foreign service employees into Iraq could not be further from the truth.
At some point in time, the assignments in Iraq are new positions.
At some point in time, fifteen people have stepped forward to volunteer for Iraq service since the new policy was announced on October 26.
At some point in time, Department spokesman Sean McCormack stated that the State Department has been successful in filling jobs in Iraq with volunteers until now.
At some point in time, since 2003, more than 1,500 personnel have volunteered to go to Iraq.
At some point in time, with the expansion of the staff in Iraq this year, 58 spots were left open.
At some point in time, Sean McCormack stated that personnel are serving in dangerous and challenging places.
At some point in time, Sean McCormack stated that there are a lot of brave people stepping up to the plate in Anbar, Basra, Baghdad, Kabul, and other places.
At some point in time, State Department employees have been killed in Iraq.
At some point in time, Sean McCormack could not say how many State Department employees have been killed in Iraq.