At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari is the CEO of Qatari Diar.
At some point in time, Qatari Diar is a state-owned real estate investment company.
At some point in time, Qatari Diar was established in 2004 by the Qatar Investment Authority.
At some point in time, the purpose of establishing Qatari Diar is to support Qatar's growing economy.
At some point in time, the purpose of establishing Qatari Diar is to coordinate the country's real estate development priorities.
At some point in time, Qatari Diar is now valued at $1 billion.
At some point in time, Qatari Diar has 18 projects underway.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari is a graduate from the University of Miami.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari was responsible for high-profile projects such as New Doha International Airport.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari was responsible for the promotion of private sector investment through public sector privatization.
At some point in time, before being appointed as CEO of Qatari Diar, Nasser al Ansari was a technical advisor at the office of the First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that local government in the 1970s did not deal in a very sophisticated way with wealth.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that Qatar is fortunate with a high level of education.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that there have been reformations in government policies in Qatar.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that Qatar now understands how to utilize wealth and economic growth.
At some point in time, John Defterios asked Nasser al Ansari about the differences he sees now compared to the 1970s when oil prices were high.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari stated that Qatar has adopted a policy to diversify its portfolio from natural resources to other investment opportunities.
At some point in time, one of the investment opportunities for Qatar is Qatari Diar.
At some point in time, Qatari Diar is investing a lot in real estate worldwide.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari stated that investing in poorer countries in the region is almost a foreign policy strategy.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that Qatari Diar wants to help the neighborhood develop alongside Qatar.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that Qatari Diar would like to export knowledge and know-how to other countries.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that Qatari Diar wants to help other countries with their economic reformations.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that Qatari Diar wants to create business opportunities for local businessmen in other countries.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that Qatari Diar wants to create job opportunities for people in particular countries.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari stated that Qatari Diar is not in the business of lending.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari stated that Qatari Diar wants a hard return on investments.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari stated that Qatari Diar always thinks of the people when investing in other countries.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari stated that Qatari Diar wants to ensure that investments are long-term.
At some point in time, Qatari Diar has a long-term investment policy.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that Qatari Diar has the expertise and strength to undertake projects in various locations.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari stated that Qatari Diar wants to showcase the strength of the people of Qatar.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari stated that Qatari Diar wants to represent the state of Qatar across the Atlantic.
At some point in time, Nasser al Ansari believes that Qatar is a small country with big ideas.