At some point in time, David Beckham is a football superstar.
At some point in time, David Beckham is a celebrity.
At some point in time, David Beckham is a fashion icon.
At some point in time, David Beckham is a multimillion-dollar heartthrob.
At some point in time, David Beckham is headed for the Hollywood Hills.
At some point in time, David Beckham is taking his game to U.S. Major League Soccer.
At some point in time, David Beckham fulfilled his dream of playing for Manchester United.
At some point in time, David Beckham played for England.
At some point in time, David Beckham has begun a five-year contract with the Los Angeles Galaxy team.
At some point in time, David Beckham will meet the press on Friday.
At some point in time, David Beckham will reveal his new shirt number on Friday.
At some point in time, CNN is taking an in-depth look at the life and times of David Beckham.
At some point in time, Becky Anderson is CNN's very own "Becks."
At some point in time, Becky Anderson is examining what makes David Beckham tick.
At some point in time, David Beckham is a footballer.
At some point in time, David Beckham is a global phenomenon.
At some point in time, David Beckham's journey has seen his skills grace the greatest stages in world soccer.
At some point in time, Becky Anderson is pursuing the current hottest property on the sports/celebrity circuit in the U.S.
At some point in time, Becky Anderson explores what is behind David Beckham.
At some point in time, CNN will look back at the life of David Beckham.
At some point in time, David Beckham was a wonderfully talented youngster.
At some point in time, David Beckham is married to pop star Victoria.
At some point in time, David Beckham experienced trials and tribulations while playing for England.
At some point in time, David Beckham scored against Greece.
At some point in time, David Beckham was sent off during the World Cup.
At some point in time, David Beckham departed from Manchester United for the Galacticos of Madrid.
At some point in time, David Beckham is now playing at the Home Depot stadium in L.A.
At some point in time, David Beckham and his family will adapt to life in Los Angeles.
At some point in time, David Beckham and his family will adapt to the people in Los Angeles.
At some point in time, David Beckham and his family will adapt to the places to see and be seen in Los Angeles.
At some point in time, David Beckham and his family will adapt to celebrity endorsement in Los Angeles.
At some point in time, David Beckham is no stranger to exposure.
At some point in time, David Beckham has teamed with Reggie Bush in an Adidas commercial.
At some point in time, David Beckham is the face of Motorola.
At some point in time, David Beckham is the face on a PlayStation game.
At some point in time, David Beckham does not need fashion tips.
At some point in time, David Beckham has his own international clothing line.
At some point in time, The star couple needs to become an accepted part of Tinseltown's glitterati.
At some point in time, The road to major league football in the U.S.A. is a well-worn route for some of the world's greatest players.
At some point in time, Some former greats came before David Beckham.
At some point in time, The impact of overseas stars on U.S. soccer is being examined.
At some point in time, What is different now in U.S. soccer is being looked at.
At some point in time, A rare glimpse inside the David Beckham academy in L.A. is being obtained.
At some point in time, The kids at the David Beckham academy have heroes.
At some point in time, The perception that soccer is a "game for girls" after the teenage years in the U.S.A. is changing.
At some point in time, More young kids are choosing the European game over traditional U.S. sports.