At some point in time, Debra Lafave is a former Florida middle school teacher.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave was convicted of having sex with a student.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave violated her probation by hugging a young co-worker.
At some point in time, a Florida judge found that Debra Lafave violated her probation.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave was arrested after talking with a teenager.
Debra Lafave is not allowed to have contact with anyone under 18.
At some point in time, the judge did not send Debra Lafave to jail.
At some point in time, the judge stated that the violation was "not willful and substantial."
At some point in time, the judge scolded Debra Lafave by saying, "Please don't come back."
At some point in time, Debra Lafave was dressed in a tailored, black pantsuit.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave said she had "innocent" physical contact with a female co-worker.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave knew that the female co-worker was under age 18.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave and the 17-year-old hostess worked at Danny Boy's.
Danny Boy's is a small restaurant in the Tampa, Florida, area.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave pleaded guilty in November 2005 to having sex with a 14-year-old boy.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave was sentenced to three years under house arrest.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave was sentenced to seven years of probation.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave was required to register as a sex offender.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave was ordered not to have any contact with minors.
At some point in time, a tracking device that Debra Lafave carries went off in court.
At some point in time, the prosecutor observed, "I think she's accounted for."
At some point in time, Debra Lafave acknowledged that hugs and other forms of physical contact with minors violated terms of her probation.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave acknowledged that conversations about sex with minors violated terms of her probation.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave referred to the sexually explicit conversations at work as just "girl talk."
At some point in time, Debra Lafave denied talking about her sex life with co-workers.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave stated, "I don't speak that way about my personal life."
At some point in time, Debra Lafave added that her co-workers spoke freely about sex in a "small group setting."
At some point in time, Debra Lafave stated that the 17-year-old was not included in social outings with other co-workers.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave explained that she hugged the young co-worker because it was a small restaurant with a casual atmosphere.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave stated that co-workers felt like family.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave claimed that the contact came "out of my good nature."
At some point in time, the contacts that led to Thursday's probation violation hearing first surfaced during two polygraph tests.
At some point in time, the polygraph tests were administered as part of Debra Lafave's court-ordered supervision.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave received a verbal reprimand a year ago.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave's probation officer asked a judge to find her in violation when the behavior continued.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave was ordered to quit her restaurant job.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave now works as a receptionist in her mother's beauty shop.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave has said she suffers from bipolar disorder.
At some point in time, Debra Lafave is receiving treatment for bipolar disorder.