At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe gains access to a reported £20 million fortune as he turns 18.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe insists the money won't cast a spell on him.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe has no plans to fritter his cash away on fast cars.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe has no plans to fritter his cash away on drink.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe has no plans to fritter his cash away on celebrity parties.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe does not plan to be one of those people who buy a massive sports car collection as soon as they turn 18.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe does not think he will be particularly extravagant.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe likes buying things that cost about 10 pounds.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe likes buying books.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe likes buying CDs.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe likes buying DVDs.
At some point in time, at 18, Daniel Radcliffe will be able to gamble in a casino.
At some point in time, at 18, Daniel Radcliffe will be able to buy a drink in a pub.
At some point in time, at 18, Daniel Radcliffe will be able to see the horror film "Hostel: Part II."
At some point in time, details of how Daniel Radcliffe will mark his landmark birthday are under wraps.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe's agent had no comment on his plans.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe will definitely have some sort of party.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe hopes none of the media will be reading about his party.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe's earnings from the first five Potter films have been held in a trust fund.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe has not been able to touch his earnings from the first five Potter films.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe is keeping his feet firmly on the ground despite his growing fame and riches.
At some point in time, people are always looking to say "kid star goes off the rails."
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe tries very hard not to go off the rails.
At some point in time, it would be too easy for Daniel Radcliffe to go off the rails.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe's latest outing as the boy wizard in "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix" is breaking records on both sides of the Atlantic.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe will reprise his role as the boy wizard in the last two films.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe has filmed a TV movie called "My Boy Jack."
At some point in time, "My Boy Jack" is about author Rudyard Kipling and his son.
At some point in time, "My Boy Jack" is due for release later this year.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe will appear in "December Boys."
At some point in time, "December Boys" is an Australian film about four boys who escape an orphanage.
At some point in time, earlier this year, Daniel Radcliffe made his stage debut playing a tortured teenager in Peter Shaffer's "Equus."
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe is braced for even closer media scrutiny now that he is legally an adult.
At some point in time, Daniel Radcliffe thinks he is going to be more sort of fair game now that he is legally an adult.