At some point in time, World champions Italy clinched qualification for Euro 2008.
At some point in time, Italy won 2-1 against Scotland at Hampden Park.
At some point in time, Italy scored two goals in the first and last minutes of the match.
At some point in time, Scotland's hopes of reaching the finals were killed off by Italy's victory.
At some point in time, Luca Toni celebrated his early goal.
At some point in time, Luca Toni shot Italy in front.
At some point in time, Scotland recovered to dominate the match.
At some point in time, Barry Ferguson scored a 65th-minute equalizer for Scotland.
At some point in time, Christian Panucci headed an injury-time winner for Italy.
At some point in time, a controversial decision awarded Italy a free-kick.
At some point in time, France sealed qualification from Group B without playing a game.
At some point in time, Italy enjoyed the best possible start by taking the lead after 70 seconds.
At some point in time, Gianluca Zambrotta spotted Antonio Di Natale unmarked in the box.
At some point in time, Gianluca Zambrotta picked out Antonio Di Natale with a throw-in.
At some point in time, Scotland were caught napping.
At some point in time, Antonio Di Natale swept the ball into the path of Luca Toni.
At some point in time, Luca Toni delicately flicked the ball into the top left corner from six meters out.
At some point in time, Italy almost conceded a second goal 60 seconds later.
At some point in time, Luca Toni turned provider for Mauro Camoranesi.
At some point in time, Mauro Camoranesi fired over from close-range.
At some point in time, Luca Toni shrugged off two challenges.
At some point in time, Luca Toni drew a decent save from Craig Gordon.
At some point in time, Craig Gordon blocked a well-struck effort from Luca Toni at the near post.
At some point in time, Scotland were denied a penalty when a drive from Lee McCulloch appeared to be handled by Gianluca Zambrotta.
At some point in time, penalty claims from Scotland were ignored.
At some point in time, Scotland cranked up the pressure on Italy.
At some point in time, Barry Ferguson fired over from a James McFadden corner.
At some point in time, Alan Hutton nodded wide of the upright following a delivery from James McFadden.
At some point in time, Scotland produced wonderful passing football.
At some point in time, a tight-angled drive from Barry Ferguson was smothered by Gianluigi Buffon.
At some point in time, Gianluigi Buffon denied a point-blank effort from Massimo Ambrosini.
At some point in time, Antonio Di Natale rifled the rebound into the back of the net.
At some point in time, the assistant referee raised his flag for offside.
At some point in time, television replays suggested the assistant referee may have called it wrong.
At some point in time, last-gasp defending from Italy prevented Scotland from equalizing on the stroke of half-time.
At some point in time, David Weir rose above everyone else to meet Barry Ferguson's corner.
At some point in time, David Weir's header appeared to be heading for the top corner.
At some point in time, Andrea Pirlo managed to nod the ball off the line.
At some point in time, a free-kick in a dangerous area provided Italy with a chance to start the second half.
At some point in time, Paul Hartley hauled down Mauro Camoranesi just outside the box.
At some point in time, Andrea Pirlo looped the ball over the wall.
At some point in time, Craig Gordon easily dealt with Andrea Pirlo's effort.
At some point in time, Scotland found the back of the net with 65 minutes gone.
At some point in time, James McFadden's free-kick deflected into the path of Lee McCulloch.
At some point in time, Lee McCulloch was denied by Gianluigi Buffon.
At some point in time, the rebound fell to Barry Ferguson.
At some point in time, Barry Ferguson rifled home from close-range.
At some point in time, Scott Brown was withdrawn for Kenny Miller with just over 15 minutes to go.
At some point in time, Kenny Miller began to cause problems for Italy.
At some point in time, Kenny Miller delivered a diagonal cross to James McFadden.
At some point in time, James McFadden fired wide when it looked easier to score.
At some point in time, Italy scored a last-minute goal to secure qualification for Euro 2008.
At some point in time, Hutton appeared to be barged over in front of the corner flag.
At some point in time, the referee awarded the free-kick the other way.
At some point in time, Christian Panucci rose to meet Andrea Pirlo's cross.
At some point in time, Christian Panucci nodded home the winner.
At some point in time, Italy coach Roberto Donadoni stated that it was going to be a physical match.
At some point in time, Roberto Donadoni said the players were fantastic through their character and desire.
At some point in time, Roberto Donadoni stated that the players worked hard and deserved qualification.
At some point in time, Roberto Donadoni described qualifying for Euro 2008 as amazing.
At some point in time, Roberto Donadoni referred to something positive after the death of the Lazio fan.
At some point in time, Captain Fabio Cannavaro stated that the victory was won with heart.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro described it as difficult to play in the stadium.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro compared the atmosphere to a cauldron.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro stated that Italy played really well and managed to win.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro claimed that Italy is a strong and compact team.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro stated that Italy does everything to show they are world champions when needed.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro mentioned that Italy plays a high level of football.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro noted that Italy has won the Champions League and the World Cup.
At some point in time, Fabio Cannavaro expressed that Italy is currently being noticed for something else.