At some point in time, UEFA has punished Benfica midfielder Augustin Binya with a six-match European ban.
At some point in time, Augustin Binya committed a horror tackle on Celtic's Scott Brown last week.
At some point in time, Augustin Binya lunged towards Celtic midfielder Scott Brown during Benfica's 1-0 defeat in Glasgow.
At some point in time, Augustin Binya was sent off for the challenge in Benfica's 1-0 defeat in the Champions League match in Glasgow last Wednesday.
At some point in time, Scotland international Scott Brown avoided injury.
At some point in time, Scott Brown claimed Augustin Binya had tried to break his leg with the tackle in the 85th minute.
At some point in time, Scott Brown demanded that UEFA take further action.
At some point in time, Augustin Binya, who is 24 years old, apologized for the challenge.
At some point in time, the officiating referee Martin Hansson of Sweden described the challenge as one of the worst he had ever seen.
At some point in time, UEFA's control and disciplinary body announced their sanction on Friday morning.
At some point in time, UEFA deliberated on the case on Thursday.
At some point in time, Binya's challenge was described as one which "seriously endangered the physical health of the opposing player" in a statement on uefa.com.
At some point in time, Benfica can appeal against the ban.
At some point in time, the ban rules Augustin Binya out of Benfica's remaining Group D matches against AC Milan and Shakhtar Donetsk.
At some point in time, if the appeal is unsuccessful, Augustin Binya will also miss any matches in the knockout stages of the Champions League or UEFA Cup.
At some point in time, the suspension will carry over to future seasons if Benfica finishes bottom of Group D.
At some point in time, Benfica is likely to finish bottom of Group D and bow out of Europe for this campaign.
At some point in time, Scott Brown has been passed fit for Scotland's Euro 2008 qualifier against Italy.
At some point in time, Scott Brown said straight after the Benfica match that Augustin Binya obviously tried to do him as hard as possible.
At some point in time, it is the second time that UEFA has had to intervene following an incident involving Celtic this season.
At some point in time, AC Milan keeper Dida was handed a two-match ban.
At some point in time, Dida's two-match ban was subsequently reduced to one on appeal.
At some point in time, a fan of the Scottish club invaded the pitch and lightly slapped Dida in the face.
At some point in time, Celtic was fined $50,000.
At some point in time, Celtic was barred the supporter for life.