At some point in time, Sanaa Abu Harb is the principal of the Shmisani Institute for Girls in Amman, Jordan.
At some point in time, Sanaa Abu Harb makes an announcement over the speaker system at the Shmisani Institute for Girls.
At some point in time, Iraqi students at the Shmisani school in Amman gather around a teacher.
At some point in time, one in 5 students at the Shmisani Institute for Girls is Iraqi.
At some point in time, Sanaa Abu Harb announces for all Iraqi girls to come outside.
At some point in time, Sanaa Abu Harb repeats the announcement several times.
At some point in time, Sanaa Abu Harb waves away Jordanian pupils attracted by the commotion.
At some point in time, dozens of girls in green apron-like uniforms pour out into the courtyard.
At some point in time, the girls cluster on the top level of a stone staircase overlooking a concrete playground.
At some point in time, Sanaa Abu Harb wants the CNN crew to see how many Iraqi refugee girls her school is accommodating.
At some point in time, this school year, 145 students at the Shmisani Institute for Girls are Iraqi.
At some point in time, 145 Iraqi students are roughly 20 percent of the students at the Shmisani Institute for Girls.
At some point in time, there are another 40 Iraqi children on a waiting list at the Shmisani Institute for Girls.
At some point in time, the reason behind the increase in the number of Iraqis at the Shmisani Institute for Girls is a new government policy.
At some point in time, Jordan is allowing all Iraqi children to enroll in state-funded schools.
At some point in time, the new government policy applies regardless of refugee status.
At some point in time, illegal refugees with no paperwork can send their kids to school with no questions asked.
At some point in time, the new government policy is cementing a massive population shift in the Middle East.
At some point in time, more than 2.2 million Iraqis have fled the violence in Iraq.
At some point in time, most of the 2.2 million Iraqis are seeking refuge in neighboring Jordan and Syria.
At some point in time, Khalid Touqan is the Jordanian Minister of Education.
At some point in time, Khalid Touqan expects Jordan to accommodate 40,000 to 50,000 Iraqi students this year.
At some point in time, 40,000 to 50,000 Iraqi students is more than double the number of Iraqi children enrolled in public school two years ago.
At some point in time, Sanaa Abu Harb says the influx of Iraqi students is putting a strain on her school.
At some point in time, there is not enough money for the needs of the Shmisani Institute for Girls.
At some point in time, Sanaa Abu Harb states that more teachers, more resources, more buildings, and more chairs are needed for all Iraqi students and the students at her school.
At some point in time, a handful of Iraqi kids talk about their experience living far from home in the study room of the Ahmed Toukan School for Boys.
At some point in time, the boys are seated at a rectangular table covered with a red and white tablecloth.
At some point in time, eighteen-year-old Qutaiba lost five immediate family members before moving to Jordan.
At some point in time, Qutaiba repeats the number of immediate family members he lost: "Five members."
At some point in time, most of the boys and young men from Iraq have missed several years of school.
At some point in time, the educational gap for most boys and young men from Iraq is up to four years.
At some point in time, the educational gap will delay the high school graduation of most boys and young men from Iraq.
At some point in time, the educational gap will delay the entry into the workforce for most boys and young men from Iraq.
At some point in time, all boys and young men from Iraq feel lucky to have gotten out of Iraq.
At some point in time, the violence in Iraq means that Iraqi boys and young men always have to be on the move.
At some point in time, Iraqi boys and young men are ready to live far from home and away from loved ones.
At some point in time, Ziad Tarek Al Shamsi is an eleventh grader.
At some point in time, Ziad Tarek Al Shamsi states that it is not strange for him to be in the middle of people he does not know.
At some point in time, Ziad Tarek Al Shamsi had friends in Iraq when he was small.
At some point in time, Ziad Tarek Al Shamsi left his friends in Iraq.
At some point in time, Ziad Tarek Al Shamsi left his friends in America.
At some point in time, Ziad Tarek Al Shamsi came to Jordan and left his friends.
At some point in time, Ziad Tarek Al Shamsi states that one has to miss their country.
At some point in time, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees estimates that up to 250,000 school-age Iraqi children are in Jordan.
At some point in time, many Iraqi children are enrolled in private institutions in Jordan.
At some point in time, families are running out of money that they had when they left Iraq.
At some point in time, families are turning to public schools as they run out of money.
At some point in time, fewer Iraqi families than first anticipated enrolled their kids in schools this year.
At some point in time, according to the charity Save the Children, 21,000 Iraqi children have so far enrolled in Jordanian classrooms.
At some point in time, the government extended the deadline for student applications.
At some point in time, the government cut down on the required paperwork for Iraqi families.
At some point in time, the lower registration numbers were attributed in part to illegal refugees' fears of being identified through their children's school records.
At some point in time, the population shift in the Middle East is the largest urban refugee situation in the world, according to UNHCR head Antonio Guterres.
At some point in time, Iraqi families are changing the social fabric of Jordanian society.
At some point in time, about 10 percent of Jordan's population is now made up of Iraqi refugees.
At some point in time, the estimates of Iraqi refugees in Jordan range from 500,000 to 750,000.
At some point in time, the schoolchildren are living examples of how the Iraq war may permanently change the Middle East.
At some point in time, Khalid Touqan states that Iraqi children will be incorporated and integrated within the mainstream line of education.
At some point in time, Khalid Touqan states that there will not be a parallel system of education.