At some point in time, more than 100 homes in an upscale San Diego community were evacuated after a landslide.
At some point in time, the landslide was about 60 yards wide.
At some point in time, the landslide pulled the earth from beneath a three-lane road.
At some point in time, the landslide pulled the earth from beneath some multimillion-dollar homes.
At some point in time, Gina Yarbrough sent a picture of the road that collapsed in the landslide.
At some point in time, Mayor Jerry Sanders declared a state of emergency.
At some point in time, Mayor Jerry Sanders asked California to help the La Jolla community recover from the landslide.
At some point in time, Mayor Jerry Sanders asked the federal government to help the La Jolla community recover from the landslide.
At some point in time, as of Thursday morning, Mayor Jerry Sanders had received offers of aid from legislators.
At some point in time, as of Thursday morning, Mayor Jerry Sanders had received offers of aid from the governor's office.
At some point in time, as of Thursday morning, Mayor Jerry Sanders had received offers of aid from the White House.
At some point in time, officials warned for at least two weeks that the ground was shifting beneath the hillside community.
At some point in time, the hillside community is along Soledad Mountain Road.
At some point in time, holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the cause of the shift.
At some point in time, holes were drilled into the unsettled hillside to investigate the magnitude of the shift.
At some point in time, the shift earlier ruptured a water line.
At some point in time, some media reports stated that the shift began cracking Soledad Mountain Road in July.
At some point in time, on Wednesday, a 20-foot-deep chasm opened beneath the road.
At some point in time, on Wednesday, a 20-foot-deep chasm opened beneath some homes.
At some point in time, Holli Weld was walking her son to preschool when the street collapsed.
At some point in time, Holli Weld stated that the street was sinking before her eyes.
At some point in time, authorities told KGTV that most residents were at work when the landslide occurred.
At some point in time, only seven people were in their homes when the landslide occurred.
At some point in time, evacuated homeowner Russell Moore remembers hearing the earth "groan."
At some point in time, Russell Moore called the event a "slow avalanche."
At some point in time, Russell Moore stated that the asphalt that should be under his feet was 8 feet in the air.
At some point in time, Russell Moore watched trees snapping and cracking during the landslide.
At some point in time, Russell Moore witnessed more boulders come down to his feet during the landslide.
At some point in time, at least 111 homes were evacuated.
At some point in time, Mayor Jerry Sanders stated that residents would be allowed to return to 75 of those houses by early Thursday morning.
At some point in time, several homes were damaged in the landslide.
At some point in time, at least one home was destroyed in the landslide.
At some point in time, nine homes are "red tagged," meaning no one is allowed to enter them.
At some point in time, twenty-seven homes are "yellow tagged," which means residents can return for necessities.
At some point in time, residents cannot stay in the "yellow tagged" homes.
At some point in time, the landslide downed power lines.
At some point in time, the landslide caused a minor gas leak.
At some point in time, more than 2,400 customers were briefly left without electricity.
At some point in time, most residents had their power restored by Thursday.
At some point in time, the Red Cross opened a shelter at La Jolla High School.
At some point in time, Deputy city engineer Robert Hawk stated that the hillside has slowly been slipping for years.
At some point in time, the soil in the hillside is unstable.
At some point in time, landslide incidents in the neighborhood date back to the 1960s.
At some point in time, Pat Abbott is a retired geological sciences professor at San Diego State University.
At some point in time, Pat Abbott stated that Mount Soledad is made up of weak layers of rock.
At some point in time, Pat Abbott stated that the culprit in the landslide is nature.
At some point in time, Pat Abbott stated that gravity is pulling down masses of earth on the incline.
At some point in time, Pat Abbott stated that those masses of earth have houses on top of them.
At some point in time, Pat Abbott stated that it is a geologically bad site.
At some point in time, Pat Abbott stated that the site should not have been built on to begin with.