At some point in time, favorable weather and firefighter reinforcements helped ease the fire danger in parts of Southern California on Thursday.
At some point in time, four bodies were found in a canyon in the path of the blaze on Thursday.
At some point in time, the number of deaths attributed directly to the fires grew to seven on Thursday.
At some point in time, four people believed to be illegal immigrants were found dead in a canyon east of San Diego.
At some point in time, seven other deaths are labeled as fire-related.
At some point in time, three elderly people died during evacuations.
At some point in time, four other people died after being evacuated.
At some point in time, improving conditions allowed more people to return home on Thursday.
At some point in time, new evacuations were ordered in areas where the flames continued.
At some point in time, residents who returned home often found ash and rubble in place of their homes.
At some point in time, Louela Binlac stood in front of what remained of her Rancho Bernardo home.
At some point in time, Louela Binlac stated that the most important thing is that her family is still together and everybody is safe.
At some point in time, Louela Binlac expressed a belief that they will eventually rebuild again.
At some point in time, Louela Binlac stated that those things can be replaced.
At some point in time, Louela Binlac expressed gratitude that everybody is safe.
At some point in time, Marilyn Wood stated that it was really scary to return to the pile of ashes that she once called home.
At some point in time, Marilyn Wood vowed to rebuild her home.
At some point in time, Marilyn Wood recounted that she and her husband, Gordon Wood, fled early Monday with only minutes to spare.
At some point in time, Marilyn Wood stated that her house was burning as they were leaving.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush got a firsthand look at the aftermath of the devastating fires on Thursday.
At some point in time, ten fires were still burning across seven counties.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush promised federal help for those affected by the fires.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that they are not going to forget the affected individuals in Washington, D.C.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush toured the area by air and visited Rancho Bernardo with California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush signed a federal disaster declaration on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the federal disaster declaration freed money to help residents rent temporary homes.
At some point in time, the federal disaster declaration freed money to help residents repair damaged homes and businesses.
At some point in time, the federal disaster declaration freed money to help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response.
At some point in time, the cost of homes destroyed by the wildfires is likely to top $1 billion in San Diego County alone.
At some point in time, people left homeless by the fires can apply online for federal help at FEMA.gov.
At some point in time, almost 9,000 firefighters battled the blazes.
At some point in time, firefighter reinforcements arrived from dozens of states across the country.
At some point in time, twenty-three fires have scorched 472,478 acres.
At some point in time, the area burned is roughly three-quarters of the size of Rhode Island.
At some point in time, the flames have destroyed roughly one-third of San Diego County's lucrative avocado crop.
At some point in time, the flames have destroyed other croplands, greenhouses, and nurseries.
At some point in time, a change in the winds occurred from a ferocious 100 mph on Sunday to an almost manageable 10 mph on Thursday.
At some point in time, the change in winds brought welcome relief.
At some point in time, the change in winds allowed a full-bore aerial assault on the fires.
At some point in time, reinforcements from across the country arrived to aid the exhausted firefighters.
At some point in time, the fires still threatened some 25,000 homes.
At some point in time, the burn rate in the region was significantly lower on Thursday.
At some point in time, the burn rate is a measure made up of factors like wind speed, humidity, and available fuel.
At some point in time, residents of several communities, including the city of San Diego, were allowed to return home on Wednesday and Thursday.
At some point in time, more evacuations were ordered, covering the communities of Lake Henshaw, Mesa Grande, and the La Jolla Indian Reservation in San Diego County.
At some point in time, some shelters closed as others opened closer to danger.
At some point in time, San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders announced that Qualcomm Stadium would close to evacuees.
At some point in time, Qualcomm Stadium held 11,000 evacuees at the height of the fires.
At some point in time, Qualcomm Stadium dropped to 750 evacuees on Wednesday night.
At some point in time, Qualcomm Stadium would close as an emergency shelter at noon on Friday.
At some point in time, arson investigations were underway in Orange and Riverside counties in connection with some of the wildfires.
At some point in time, the Orange County Sheriff's Department announced a $250,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of those responsible for the 23,000-acre Santiago fire.
At some point in time, Orange County Battalion Chief Kris Concepcion stated that it is absolutely unconscionable for someone to think about starting a fire that would grow rapidly.
At some point in time, the FBI and the ATF are assisting Orange County authorities with the investigation.
At some point in time, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection considers the Rosa fire in Riverside County an arson case.
At some point in time, the Rosa fire burned more than 400 acres before being fully contained.
At some point in time, two men have been arrested in San Bernardino County in connection with arson investigations.
At some point in time, one man has been arrested in San Fernando in connection with arson investigations.
At some point in time, an adult and a juvenile have been arrested in San Diego County in connection with arson investigations.
None of the arrested individuals are believed to be connected with the major fires burning in the area.