At some point in time, some Democrats appear to be wavering on a House resolution labeling Turkey's treatment of Armenians in World War I as genocide.
At some point in time, a KC-135 tanker landed at Incirlik Air Base in southern Turkey in 2003.
At some point in time, Turkey was incensed by the resolution calling the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks genocide.
At some point in time, Turkey threatened to block access to Incirlik Air Base after the resolution passed a House committee vote.
At some point in time, Incirlik Air Base is a major resupply center for U.S. operations in Iraq and elsewhere in the Mideast and Asia.
At some point in time, the Pentagon is preparing to set up new supply routes for troops in Iraq if Turkey cuts off U.S. access to Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, Ankara acknowledges the killings of Armenians during World War I. Ankara vehemently objects to the "genocide" label.
At some point in time, the House Foreign Affairs Committee adopted the nonbinding resolution last week.
At some point in time, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said she would bring the measure to a vote of the full House sometime next month.
At some point in time, the Bush administration urged Congress to drop the issue.
At some point in time, some leading Democrats urged Nancy Pelosi not to bring the resolution to the floor.
At some point in time, Majority Leader Steny Hoyer signaled that the vote might be put off.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer said he thought the resolution would be brought up prior to leaving.
Steny Hoyer has not changed his position on the resolution.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer stated that there are a number of people who are revisiting their own positions on the resolution.
At some point in time, the House will have to determine where everybody is regarding the resolution.
At some point in time, Democratic Rep. Ike Skelton announced his opposition to the resolution last week.
At some point in time, Democratic Rep. Alcee Hastings urged Nancy Pelosi to reconsider the resolution in a letter released Tuesday.
At some point in time, Democratic Rep. John Tanner urged Nancy Pelosi to reconsider the resolution in a letter released Tuesday.
At some point in time, more than half of the cargo flown into Iraq and Afghanistan comes through Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, Incirlik Air Base would be a key component of any plans for redeployment of U.S. troops in the future.
At some point in time, Lt. Gen. Carter Ham said Pentagon planners are looking at a broad range of options to keep food, fuel, and ammunition flowing to U.S. troops in Iraq if Turkey blocks Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, Lt. Gen. Carter Ham expressed confidence that the Pentagon will find ways to keep supplies flowing to U.S. troops in Iraq.
At some point in time, there is likely to be some increased cost and some other implications if Turkey blocks access to Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, the Pentagon would prefer to maintain access to Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, Defense Secretary Robert Gates echoed lawmakers' concerns last week.
At some point in time, about 70 percent of all air cargo going into Iraq goes through Turkey.
At some point in time, about a third of the fuel consumed by U.S. troops in Iraq goes through Turkey or comes from Turkey.
At some point in time, ninety-five percent of the Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protective vehicles being deployed in Iraq are flown through Turkey.
At some point in time, the Mine-Resistant Ambush-Protective vehicles are built to withstand roadside bombs.
At some point in time, the U.S. military issued a "warning order" a few days ago to ensure that alternative air crews, planes, fuel, and routes are lined up if Turkey stops or restricts U.S. access to Incirlik Air Base.
At some point in time, Jordan and Kuwait are among the alternatives the United States is considering for air support.
At some point in time, some U.S. officials fear that pursuit of the resolution would embolden the Turks to attack Kurdish rebels in northern Iraq.
At some point in time, the potential attack on Kurdish rebels could further complicate Iraqi stability.
At some point in time, Incirlik offers 10,000-foot and 9,000-foot runways.
At some point in time, Incirlik has 57 hardened aircraft shelters.
At some point in time, Incirlik has become a hub for cargo shipments to Iraq.
At some point in time, Incirlik took over for Rhein-Main Air Base in Germany because it is closer to Iraq.
At some point in time, Incirlik reduces the strain on troops and aircraft.