At some point in time, capital punishment dropped this year to a 13-year low.
At some point in time, forty-two people have been put to death this year.
At some point in time, the figure of executions this year is down 57 percent from what it was in 1999.
At some point in time, ninety-eight inmates were executed in 1999.
At some point in time, next year's figures are expected to drop further.
At some point in time, the Supreme Court will hold oral arguments on January 7 about the constitutionality of lethal injection protocols.
At some point in time, the Supreme Court will hold oral arguments on January 7 about whether lethal injection protocols in 36 of the 37 states with the death penalty are constitutional.
At some point in time, the justices placed a moratorium on executions in late September.
At some point in time, the moratorium was placed when the justices decided to review a Kentucky case.
At some point in time, the Kentucky case is about whether the three-drug lethal "cocktail" of chemicals represents "cruel and unusual punishment."
At some point in time, the three-drug lethal "cocktail" may cause excruciating pain to inmates unable to express discomfort.
At some point in time, stays of executions have been issued in several states.
At some point in time, stays of executions are issued until the larger constitutional issues are addressed.
At some point in time, if the Supreme Court finds the procedures unconstitutional, it could take years before death-penalty states would meet legal standards necessary to resume lethal injection.
At some point in time, even if the method is declared acceptable, it would be months before new execution dates could be set.
At some point in time, ten states carried out executions this year.
At some point in time, Arizona, South Dakota, Indiana, and Ohio together subjected six men to lethal injection.
At some point in time, Texas continues to lead the nation with 62 percent of executions nationwide this year.
At some point in time, eighty-six percent of executions this year were in the South.
At some point in time, no more executions are scheduled this year.
At some point in time, Richard Dieter is the executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center (DPIC).
At some point in time, Richard Dieter stated that the death penalty has been in a period of decline for many years.
At some point in time, Richard Dieter stated that 2007 will be known as the year executions came to a temporary halt.
At some point in time, Richard Dieter stated that 2007 will be known as the year of concrete legislation reconsidering the death penalty.
At some point in time, death penalty supporters acknowledge that states outside the South have been reluctant to impose the punishment.
At some point in time, death penalty supporters acknowledge that states have been reluctant to impose the punishment even in the face of rising big-city crime rates.
At some point in time, Kent Scheidegger is associated with the Sacramento-based Criminal Justice Legal Foundation.
At some point in time, Kent Scheidegger believes that the main problem is that the death penalty is not being imposed often enough in urban jurisdictions.
At some point in time, Kent Scheidegger believes that people in cities are not getting the quality of justice that people elsewhere receive.
At some point in time, Kent Scheidegger believes that support for the death penalty needs to be built.
At some point in time, Kent Scheidegger believes that the death penalty needs to be imposed more regularly where it is warranted.
At some point in time, New Jersey's legislature voted last week to outlaw the death penalty.
At some point in time, New Jersey is the first state to outlaw the death penalty in 42 years.
At some point in time, Governor Jon Corzine signed the measure into law on Monday.
At some point in time, Governor Jon Corzine commuted the sentences of the eight men on New Jersey's death row.
At some point in time, the move to commute the sentences was largely symbolic.
At some point in time, no executions have occurred in New Jersey since 1963.
At some point in time, similar bills in Nebraska, New Mexico, and Montana failed this year in the legislature.
At some point in time, state lawmakers in Maryland, Colorado, North Carolina, Tennessee, and California are considering abolishing the death penalty.
At some point in time, no bills have been introduced to abolish the death penalty in Maryland, Colorado, North Carolina, Tennessee, and California.
At some point in time, the Supreme Court will decide on January 4 whether to review an appeal from Louisiana inmate Patrick Kennedy.
At some point in time, Patrick Kennedy was sentenced to death in 2003 for raping his 8-year-old stepdaughter.
At some point in time, the state's high court upheld the punishment as appropriate.
At some point in time, the justices banned capital punishment for rape in 1976.
At some point in time, nineteen years later, Louisiana passed a law allowing execution for the sexual violation of a child under 12.
At some point in time, state lawmakers distinguished the earlier high court case as pertaining only to "adult women."