At some point in time, previously unseen footage of Diana, Princess of Wales, has been shown to the jury at the inquest into her death.
At some point in time, the footage shows Diana and Dodi Fayed step into an elevator at the Ritz Hotel.
At some point in time, images taken from a security camera at the Ritz Hotel in Paris show Diana smiling as she and Dodi Fayed step into an elevator.
At some point in time, images taken from a security camera at the Ritz Hotel in Paris show Diana and Dodi Fayed walking out of the hotel.
At some point in time, further footage shows Dodi Fayed visiting a jeweler's shop.
At some point in time, the images of Dodi Fayed visiting a jeweler's shop could lend support to claims that Dodi Fayed was buying an engagement ring.
A British coroner at the inquest said it may never be known for certain whether Princess Diana was pregnant when she died in the Paris car crash.
At some point in time, Lord Justice Scott Baker told the jury at the inquest that scientific evidence might be unable to demonstrate whether Princess Diana was in the early stages of pregnancy.
At some point in time, Lord Justice Scott Baker said the jury would hear intimate details of Princess Diana's personal life.
At some point in time, Lord Justice Scott Baker told the 11 members of the jury that Princess Diana may have been on the contraceptive pill.
At some point in time, Lord Justice Scott Baker said evidence that Princess Diana was poised to get engaged to Dodi Fayed on the night she died was contradictory.
At some point in time, the judge told the jury that a famous image taken in summer 1997 showing Princess Diana wearing a swimsuit could not be proof that Princess Diana was pregnant with Dodi Fayed's child.
At some point in time, Princess Diana had not started a relationship with Dodi Fayed at the time the famous image was taken.
At some point in time, the jury is set to hear scene-setting evidence, including CCTV and a tourist video.
At some point in time, the inquest to establish the cause of death is expected to be a six-month process.
At some point in time, Mohammed Al Fayed has contended that Princess Diana and his son Dodi Fayed were murdered.
At some point in time, Mohammed Al Fayed believes the royal family could not accept that an Egyptian Muslim could eventually be step-father to the future king of England.
At some point in time, Mohammed Al Fayed is referring to Princess Diana's son Prince William.
At some point in time, Mohammed Al Fayed hopes for justice.
At some point in time, Mohammed Al Fayed said he hopes to reach the decision that his son Dodi Fayed and Princess Diana have been murdered by the royal family.
At some point in time, Lord Justice Scott Baker told the jury of Mohammed Al Fayed's allegations.
At some point in time, Lord Justice Scott Baker reminded the jury that they were responsible for deciding the facts of the case.
At some point in time, Lord Justice Scott Baker reminded the jury not to assign blame or guilt.
At some point in time, Lord Justice Scott Baker said the jury has to decide four important factual questions.
At some point in time, the four important factual questions are who the deceased were, when they came by their deaths, where they came by their deaths, and how they came by their deaths.
At some point in time, the first three questions are unlikely to give rise to any difficulty.
At some point in time, the fourth question is directed towards the means by which the deceased died.
Diana, aged 36, and Dodi Fayed, aged 42, were killed on August 31, 1997.
At some point in time, Diana and Dodi Fayed were killed when the Mercedes-Benz they were traveling in hit a pillar in the Pont de l'Alma tunnel in Paris.
At some point in time, Diana and Dodi Fayed were being pursued by the paparazzi after leaving the Ritz Hotel.
At some point in time, driver Henri Paul was also killed in the crash.
At some point in time, driver Henri Paul was drunk and driving at high speed.
At some point in time, bodyguard Trevor Rees-Jones was the sole survivor of the crash.
At some point in time, the jury is scheduled to travel to Paris next week to see the crash site along the River Seine.
At some point in time, the jury is expected to hear testimony from the paparazzi who were present after the accident.
At some point in time, the Web site for the inquest has posted previously unpublished pictures taken by paparazzi of the limo before and immediately after the accident.
At some point in time, one picture is a closeup looking into the front of the vehicle.
At some point in time, the closeup picture shows Diana, Dodi Fayed, Henri Paul, and Trevor Rees-Jones minutes before the crash.