At some point in time, China has suspended exports of the Aqua Dots toys contaminated with a chemical.
At some point in time, the chemical can convert to a powerful "date rape" drug.
At some point in time, the state-run Xinhua news agency reported the suspension on Saturday.
At some point in time, the Aqua Dots toys have caused some children to vomit.
At some point in time, the Aqua Dots toys have caused some children to lose consciousness.
At some point in time, China suspended exports of the Aqua Dots toys that contain a chemical that converts into a "date rape" drug.
At some point in time, the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection, and Quarantine (AQSIQ) has ordered an investigation by quality control agencies.
At some point in time, the AQSIQ will release investigation results as soon as they are available.
At some point in time, the AQSIQ did not reveal the name of the toys' producer.
At some point in time, U.S. safety officials voluntarily recalled about 4.2 million of the Chinese-made toys on Wednesday.
At some point in time, scientists have found that the Aqua Dots toys contain a chemical that converts into the toxic "date rape" drug GHB (gamma-hydroxy butyrate).
At some point in time, Scott Wolfson is a spokesman with the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC).
At some point in time, the CPSC warned that children who swallow the beads can become comatose.
At some point in time, the CPSC warned that children who swallow the beads can develop respiratory depression.
At some point in time, the CPSC warned that children who swallow the beads can have seizures.
At some point in time, the arts-and-craft beads have been selling since April at major U.S. retail stores under the name "Aqua Dots." At some point in time, the Aqua Dots toys have also been distributed in Australia under the name "Bindeez Beads." At some point in time, the Bindeez toys were recalled on Tuesday by Melbourne-based Moose Enterprise Pty. Ltd.
At some point in time, three children in Australia swallowed large quantities of the Bindeez beads.
At some point in time, three children in Australia were hospitalized after swallowing large quantities of the Bindeez beads.
At some point in time, Heather Lehane is the mother of a 10-year-old daughter named Charlotte.
At some point in time, Charlotte was hospitalized in Australia after ingesting some of the beads.
At some point in time, the Washington-based safety commission has received two reports detailing the severe effects of the digested beads.
At some point in time, the Aqua Dots beads are part of a craft kit aimed at kids 4 years and older.
At some point in time, a boy nearly 2 years old swallowed several dozen Aqua Dots beads.
At some point in time, the boy became dizzy after swallowing the beads.
At some point in time, the boy vomited several times after swallowing the beads.
At some point in time, the boy slipped into a comatose state for a period of time.
At some point in time, the toddler was hospitalized after swallowing the beads.
At some point in time, the toddler has since fully recovered.
At some point in time, the second incident involved a child who vomited after swallowing the beads.
At some point in time, the second incident involved a child who fell into a coma after swallowing the beads.
At some point in time, the second incident involved a child who was hospitalized for five days.
At some point in time, it was not immediately clear whether the second child had made a full recovery.
At some point in time, Toronto-based toy distributor Spin Master Ltd. stopped shipping the Aqua Dots toys.
At some point in time, Spin Master Ltd. asked retailers to pull the Aqua Dots toys off their shelves.
At some point in time, the Aqua Dots toys were previously sold for $17 to $30.
At some point in time, anyone with Aqua Dots at home should return the product to the company.
At some point in time, Julie Vallese is a CPSC spokeswoman.
At some point in time, the Aqua Dots toy had been named toy of the year in Australia.
At some point in time, the Aqua Dots toy recently crested Wal-Mart's list of top 12 Christmas toys.
At some point in time, Wal-Mart listed the Aqua Dots toys on its Web site as "out of stock online." At some point in time, Wal-Mart removed the Aqua Dots toys from their top toy list.
At some point in time, this latest recall is part of a larger batch of recalls of Chinese-made toys.
At some point in time, last month, U.S. government safety officials and retailers voluntarily recalled at least 69,000 Chinese-made toys.
At some point in time, the recalls were due to concerns of excessive amounts of lead paint.
At some point in time, excessive amounts of lead paint can cause hazardous lead poisoning.