At some point in time, Nemanja Vidic has convinced Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson that Nemanja Vidic should play in Tuesday's Champions League clash away to Dynamo Kiev.
At some point in time, Nemanja Vidic clashes with Roma goalkeeper Gianluca Curci during the UEFA Champions League Group F match.
At some point in time, Nemanja Vidic sat out Saturday's 4-1 victory at Aston Villa after suffering concussion during the Premier League win over Wigan immediately before the international break.
At some point in time, Nemanja Vidic has made a good recovery.
At some point in time, Nemanja Vidic will now partner Rio Ferdinand in the heart of the United defense.
Louis Saha definitely misses the tie with a long-term knee problem.
At some point in time, Gary Neville stayed behind.
At some point in time, Owen Hargreaves stayed behind.
At some point in time, Wayne Rooney scored twice against Aston Villa.
At some point in time, Wayne Rooney was also on target in England's Euro 2008 defeat against Russia in Moscow last week.
At some point in time, Wayne Rooney will partner Carlos Tevez in attack.
At some point in time, a third successive victory after 1-0 wins against Sporting Lisbon and Roma would virtually guarantee Manchester United a place in the knock-out stage.
At some point in time, Manchester United flew to Kiev a day earlier than normal.
At some point in time, Manchester United took their own chefs and dieticians with them.
At some point in time, Sir Alex Ferguson stated that the travel is always the biggest worry in these situations.
At some point in time, Sir Alex Ferguson stated that Ukraine is further away than most other journeys around Europe.
At some point in time, Pape Diakhate is expected to return for Dynamo.
At some point in time, Ismael Bangoura is expected to return for Dynamo.
At some point in time, Taras Mykhalyk is expected to return for Dynamo.
At some point in time, Serhiy Rebrov is an absentee for Dynamo.
At some point in time, Dynamo warmed up for Tuesday night with a 1-0 win over strugglers Zakarpattia on Saturday in the Ukrainian Championship.
At some point in time, Dynamo are bottom of Group F after losing their first two games.
At some point in time, Dynamo lost 2-0 at Roma.
At some point in time, Dynamo lost 2-1 at home to Sporting.
At some point in time, Glasgow Rangers are without Jean-Claude Darcheville for their home clash against Barcelona on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Jean-Claude Darcheville is still struggling with a hamstring problem.
At some point in time, Glasgow Rangers are without Brahim Hemdani for their home clash against Barcelona on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Brahim Hemdani misses the Group E tie in Glasgow with a groin problem.
At some point in time, Brahim Hemdani's groin problem kept him out of the weekend's 3-0 win against Celtic.
At some point in time, Bayern Munich will probably have to do without midfielder Franck Ribery for their group game against Red Star Belgrade on Thursday.
At some point in time, Franck Ribery hurt his thigh in Saturday's 2-1 win at Bochum.
At some point in time, Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga with the 2-1 win at Bochum.