At some point in time, the price of alcohol rose by 10 percent in Venezuela.
At some point in time, the price of cigarettes rose by 20 percent in Venezuela.
At some point in time, Leonora Marino is the owner of Bodegon Marino in Valencia, Venezuela.
At some point in time, Leonora Marino was changing the prices in her store on Monday evening.
At some point in time, customers looked on and complained while Leonora Marino changed the prices.
At some point in time, the Venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on alcohol.
At some point in time, the Venezuelan government is placing a higher tax on cigarettes.
At some point in time, the higher tax on alcohol aims to cut consumption.
At some point in time, the higher tax on cigarettes aims to cut consumption.
At some point in time, the Venezuelan government views drinking and smoking as having social consequences.
At some point in time, the Venezuelan government views drinking and smoking as having economic consequences.
At some point in time, the Venezuelan government views drinking and smoking as having moral consequences.
At some point in time, Jose Vielma Mora is the superintendent of Seniat.
At some point in time, Seniat oversees the collection of taxes in Venezuela.
At some point in time, taxes on whiskey, brandy, cognac, and other drinks that don't come from cane sugar have been raised by $1.79 per liter.
At some point in time, the increase in taxes on whiskey, brandy, cognac, and other drinks that don't come from cane sugar is equivalent to 3,838 bolivares per liter.
At some point in time, Fernando Fernandez is a liquor exporter.
At some point in time, Fernando Fernandez believes the tax increase is unfair.
At some point in time, Fernando Fernandez believes the consumer is the one who pays the tax increase.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez described whiskey as a drink for rich people.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez believes whiskey is not for revolutionaries.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez stated that Venezuela cannot spend international reserves on whiskey.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez aims to transform each Venezuelan into "the new man."
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez cited Ernesto "Che" Guevara as an example of leading a more pure life.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez stated that the level of alcohol consumption in Venezuela represents a threat to public health.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez believes residents ought to feel ashamed of alcohol consumption.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez stated that vice causes much harm to individuals.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez stated that vice causes much harm to the collective health of the nation.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez believes the dangers of vice result in an increase in car wrecks.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez believes the dangers of vice result in an increase in domestic violence.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez stated that he drinks too much coffee.
At some point in time, stores near schools will not be granted licenses to sell alcohol.
At some point in time, stores near churches will not be granted licenses to sell alcohol.
At some point in time, stores near cultural centers will not be granted licenses to sell alcohol.
At some point in time, taxes on cigarette imports have increased from 50 percent to 70 percent of the total price.
At some point in time, some people on the street do not understand the motivations for the tax increase.
At some point in time, some people on the street predict their consumption of alcohol and cigarettes will not change.
At some point in time, one person stated that Venezuelans are not going to stop drinking.
At some point in time, one person stated that Venezuelans are not going to stop smoking.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez plans to increase taxes on luxury items such as Hummers.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez stated that Hummers are imported privately and at great expense.
At some point in time, there is no Hummer dealership in Venezuela.
At some point in time, higher oil prices in recent years have translated into higher consumption in Venezuela.
At some point in time, car sales in Venezuela increased by about 70 percent last year.
At some point in time, the CIA World Factbook reported that car sales in Venezuela increased by about 70 percent last year.
At some point in time, Hugo Chavez wants to focus less on material goals for Venezuela's 27 million people.
At some point in time, 38 percent of Venezuela's population lives in poverty.