At some point in time, attacks are down 75 percent in recent months in a perilous stretch of neighborhoods in northeastern Baghdad.
At some point in time, a U.S. military officer proclaimed that security in northeastern Baghdad is "dramatically improving."
At some point in time, concerned citizens have helped U.S. troops improve security in parts of Baghdad.
At some point in time, people line the streets in northeastern Baghdad.
At some point in time, cars congest the streets in northeastern Baghdad.
At some point in time, trash collectors have returned to work in northeastern Baghdad.
At some point in time, other city workers have returned to work in northeastern Baghdad.
At some point in time, local leaders are holding community meetings again in northeastern Baghdad.
At some point in time, markets have come back "like gangbusters" in northeastern Baghdad.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris is the commander of the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 82nd Airborne Division.
At some point in time, the largely Sunni al Qaeda in Iraq presence has been "crushed" since the beginning of May.
At some point in time, there are still dangers in northeastern Baghdad.
At some point in time, the threats posed by Iranian-backed Shiite militants are notable dangers in northeastern Baghdad.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris spoke to Pentagon reporters via video link from Baghdad.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris cited several factors that contributed to the improving security situation.
At some point in time, the "surge" is one factor that contributed to the improving security situation.
At some point in time, the additional U.S. troops deployed earlier this year is part of the "surge."
At some point in time, the cease-fire by radical Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr's Mehdi Army is helping improve the security situation.
At some point in time, a program that employs "concerned local citizens" to assist U.S. and Iraqi forces is helping improve the security situation.
At some point in time, some of the concerned local citizens are members of local Sunni "awakening councils."
At some point in time, local Sunni "awakening councils" are comprised of former militants.
At some point in time, former militants in local Sunni "awakening councils" are often armed.
At some point in time, local Sunni "awakening councils" create neighborhood watch groups to root out insurgent elements in an area.
At some point in time, civic and religious leaders have seen outsiders operating in the area in the last six weeks.
At some point in time, troops have made arrests in the area.
At some point in time, two Iranian operatives were among those arrested in the area.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris said that improving security in the area is working from his perspective.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris can only speak to what he sees in his sector.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris is encouraged by the improving security in his sector.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris' sector includes the Sunni-dominated district of Adhamiya.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris' sector includes Sadr City, the Shiite slum.
At some point in time, militants have demonstrated a strong presence in Sadr City.
At some point in time, many communities in Army Col. Don Farris' area have been wracked with sectarian warfare.
At some point in time, many communities in Army Col. Don Farris' area have been terrorized by insurgents.
At some point in time, many communities in Army Col. Don Farris' area have been terrorized by death squads.
At some point in time, despite improvements in the security situation, Army Col. Don Farris warned that there is still a lot of work to do.
There does not appear to be any sign that Shiite extremists with links to Iran are halting their activities.
At some point in time, troops are still finding explosively formed penetrators in Army Col. Don Farris' sector.
At some point in time, explosively formed penetrators are often delivered or manufactured by Iran.
At some point in time, nine explosively formed penetrators were found in late October.
At some point in time, there are intelligence reports indicating that weapons are still flowing into Sadr City.
At some point in time, there are intelligence reports indicating that money is still flowing into Sadr City.
At some point in time, there are problems returning refugees to their homes in the area.
At some point in time, there are problems returning displaced people to their homes in the area.
At some point in time, essential services like water and electricity are not yet up to snuff in the area.
At some point in time, a "trickle" of families has returned home in the area.
At some point in time, many families are asking when they can return home in the area.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris believes that residents will return en masse only when basic services are in better shape.
At some point in time, Paul Folmsbee is a State Department provincial reconstruction team leader.
At some point in time, Paul Folmsbee said that his personnel is handling development issues involving law, governance, economic development, and essential services.
At some point in time, Army Col. Don Farris' remarks echo a string of similar assertions made by U.S. and Iraqi military officials.
At some point in time, U.S. and Iraqi military officials say they are seeing signs of Sunni-Shiite reconciliation.
At some point in time, Brig. Gen. Ed Cardon is the deputy commander for support of Multi-National Division-Center.
At some point in time, Brig. Gen. Ed Cardon discussed a "definite period of progress" in his region on the southern Baghdad outskirts.