At some point in time, Democratic Senator Barack Obama kicked off a series of local outreach gospel concerts on Friday in Charleston, South Carolina.
At some point in time, the gospel concerts unexpectedly came back to bite Barack Obama's campaign.
At some point in time, Barack Obama is competing for the black vote with Hillary Clinton.
At some point in time, the concerts were meant to boost black voters' support for Barack Obama's presidential nominee bid.
At some point in time, the events would normally fly under the national radar.
At some point in time, the ensuing controversy highlighted that Barack Obama's desire to unite disparate voting blocs is not without serious pitfalls.
At some point in time, the campaign announced the lineups for the three-city "Embrace the Change!" gospel tour last week.
At some point in time, one name stood out to gay bloggers: Donnie McClurkin.
At some point in time, Donnie McClurkin is a Grammy-award winning singer.
At some point in time, Donnie McClurkin is on record as saying that homosexuality is a choice.
At some point in time, Donnie McClurkin stated that he was "once involved with those desires and those thoughts" but was able to get past them through prayer.
At some point in time, neither of Donnie McClurkin's arguments is very popular in the gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender community.
At some point in time, John Aravosis is a prominent gay blogger and co-founder of the Web site AmericaBlog.
At some point in time, John Aravosis led the charge against the Obama campaign.
At some point in time, John Aravosis wrote that Barack Obama was "sucking up to anti-gay bigots" and "giving them a stage."
At some point in time, the story bubbled up into the mainstream media.
At some point in time, the story took the Obama campaign by surprise.
At some point in time, Barack Obama's efforts in South Carolina have overwhelmingly targeted African-American churchgoers.
At some point in time, Barack Obama is trying to win over black voters in South Carolina from rival Senator Hillary Clinton.
At some point in time, the campaign has vigorously promoted Barack Obama's faith.
At some point in time, the campaign launched "40 Days of Faith and Family" in September.
At some point in time, "40 Days of Faith and Family" used Bible study groups to tap into the black electorate.
At some point in time, campaigners have run three radio ads.
At some point in time, one of the radio ads called Barack Obama a "Christian family man."
At some point in time, the radio ads aired on gospel stations across South Carolina.
At some point in time, earlier this month, Barack Obama spoke at an evangelical church in Greenville.
At some point in time, Barack Obama demonstrated a casual familiarity with Christian vocabulary during his speech.
At some point in time, Barack Obama told the crowd that "I am confident that we can create a kingdom right here on Earth."
At some point in time, the crowd applauded Barack Obama's statement.
At some point in time, after that appearance, the Obama campaign told CNN that Republicans no longer had a choke hold on issues of faith and values.
At some point in time, Barack Obama stated that "what you're seeing is a breaking down of the sharp divisions that existed maybe during the '90s."
At some point in time, Barack Obama said that the perception was that the Democrats were fearful of talking about faith.
At some point in time, Barack Obama stated that Republicans had a particular brand of faith that oftentimes seemed intolerant or pushed people away.
At some point in time, Barack Obama was forced to confront the uncomfortable truth that some Christians and gays are a little more than just strange bedfellows.
At some point in time, Barack Obama issued a statement saying that "I strongly disagree with Reverend [Donnie] McClurkin's views."
At some point in time, Barack Obama will continue to fight for these rights as president of the United States.
At some point in time, Barack Obama argued that it is important to confront homophobia among religious African Americans.
At some point in time, a September poll of African Americans in South Carolina by Winthrop University and ETV showed that 62 percent of those surveyed said that "sex between two adults of the same sex" is "strongly unacceptable."
At some point in time, Barack Obama held a conference call on Wednesday with Joe Solomonese.
At some point in time, Joe Solomonese is the president of the Human Rights Campaign.
At some point in time, Barack Obama announced that Reverend Andy Sidden will appear at the same event as Donnie McClurkin on Sunday in Columbia.
At some point in time, Reverend Andy Sidden is an openly gay South Carolina pastor.
At some point in time, Joe Solomonese was not completely assuaged by Barack Obama's announcement.
At some point in time, Joe Solomonese stated that he spoke with Senator Barack Obama and expressed the community's disappointment for his decision to remain associated with Reverend Donnie McClurkin.
At some point in time, Reverend Donnie McClurkin is an anti-gay preacher.
At some point in time, Reverend Donnie McClurkin states the need to "break the curse of homosexuality."
At some point in time, there is no gospel in Donnie McClurkin's message for gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people and their allies.
At some point in time, Donnie McClurkin's message does not belong on any presidential candidate's stage.
At some point in time, the State newspaper in Columbia reported that Barack Obama organized a conference call on Thursday night with gay and lesbian leaders.
At some point in time, after the call, the South Carolina Gay and Lesbian Pride Movement announced it will hold a protest vigil outside Sunday's concert in Columbia.
At some point in time, Obama aides believe that Barack Obama is a candidate of real, transformational change.
At some point in time, Obama aides believe that uproars like the McClurkin controversy are necessary speed bumps on the road to bringing people with opposing viewpoints together.
At some point in time, Barack Obama's refusal to kick Donnie McClurkin off the concert bill might hurt him.
At some point in time, the impact of the controversy depends on how much it resonates with voters in crucial early states.
At some point in time, the crucial early states include Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina.
At some point in time, in South Carolina, African Americans make up about half of Democratic primary-goers.
At some point in time, voters in South Carolina might not have a problem with Donnie McClurkin at all.