At some point in time, three French journalists are charged in an alleged plot to kidnap African children for adoption in Europe.
At some point in time, the three French journalists arrived in Paris on Sunday.
At some point in time, French President Nicolas Sarkozy held emergency talks in Chad on Sunday.
At some point in time, fourteen other people remain in custody in Chad.
At some point in time, some of the fourteen people face serious charges that could send them to jail for up to 20 years.
At some point in time, the three French journalists were among seven Europeans released by a Chadian judge on Sunday.
At some point in time, the seven Europeans include a Spanish flight crew.
At some point in time, Nicolas Sarkozy dropped off the Spanish flight crew in Madrid on his way back from Chad.
At some point in time, all seven Europeans were arrested last week.
At some point in time, workers from Zoe's Ark are accused of trying to fly 103 children out of Chad.
At some point in time, the operation by Zoe's Ark is described as a kidnapping and adoption operation.
At some point in time, some of the children may never return to their families.
At some point in time, it is too difficult to determine the backgrounds of some of the children.
At some point in time, Inah Kaloga is a Red Cross spokeswoman.
At some point in time, six members of the French charity remain under arrest in Chad.
At some point in time, four Chadians remain under arrest in Chad.
At some point in time, four members of the flight crew remain under arrest in Chad.
At some point in time, some of the remaining individuals face kidnapping charges.
At some point in time, some of the remaining individuals face fraud charges.
At some point in time, Eric Breteau is the leader of Zoe's Ark.
At some point in time, Eric Breteau testified to a court in the Chadian capital on Saturday.
At some point in time, the three journalists and the flight crew of seven Spaniards and a Belgian were not involved in the alleged plot according to court witnesses.
At some point in time, at least some of the flight crew are scheduled to testify before a judge on Monday.
At some point in time, the three journalists initially had been charged with complicity in the alleged kidnapping attempt.
At some point in time, it is not clear if the charges against the three journalists have been dropped.
At some point in time, Nicolas Sarkozy expressed satisfaction that some of those detained had been released.
At some point in time, Nicolas Sarkozy stated that "We should respect the sovereignty of Chad."
At some point in time, Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero is the Spanish Prime Minister.
At some point in time, Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero thanked Nicolas Sarkozy for dropping the four Spanish flight crew members off in Spain.
At some point in time, Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero thanked Chadian President Idriss Deby for allowing the four Spanish flight crew members to return.
At some point in time, Nicolas Sarkozy stressed that the scandal would not affect the strong relations between France and Chad.
At some point in time, Nicolas Sarkozy stated that the scandal would not affect the planned deployment of a European force to protect refugees from Sudan's Darfur region.
At some point in time, the United Nations estimates that 200,000 people have been killed in four years of conflict in the Darfur region.
At some point in time, the charity claims that the children were orphans from the Darfur region.
At some point in time, the charity claims that the group was taking the children to host families in France.
At some point in time, aid agencies stated that most of the children probably are not orphans.
At some point in time, aid agencies stated that most of the children are not from Sudan.
At some point in time, aid agencies stated that most of the children come from villages on the Chadian side of the border with Sudan.
At some point in time, the children are staying in an Abeche orphanage.
At some point in time, aid agencies and government officials are trying to find out where the children came from.
At some point in time, the challenge of finding out where the children came from is hindered by the number of children.
At some point in time, the challenge of finding out where the children came from is hindered by the youth of the children.
At some point in time, the challenge of finding out where the children came from is hindered by the volatile situation in the region.
At some point in time, a father of three of the children allegedly kidnapped told a French newspaper that he put his children into the charity's care.
At some point in time, the father was told that his children would be educated at a school under construction in a nearby town.
At some point in time, the Chadian man gave his name as Arbab.
At some point in time, Arbab told Le Parisien that workers from Zoe's Ark had visited his village three times.
At some point in time, Arbab stated that "They never said they would take away our children."