At some point in time, a Colorado man has spent $10,000 on a security system.
At some point in time, a Colorado man has hired a bodyguard for his son's wedding.
A Colorado man never leaves home without a .45-caliber handgun strapped to his chest.
At some point in time, Keith Reynolds was convicted for witness intimidation.
At some point in time, Keith Reynolds threatened witnesses in his domestic assault case.
At some point in time, the Colorado man asked not to be identified because of the sensitivity of the case.
At some point in time, the state did nothing to protect the Colorado man after the 1999 conviction of Keith Reynolds for domestic abuse.
At some point in time, prosecutors told the Colorado man that a hit had been put on his family.
At some point in time, a report in the Denver Post pointed out major problems protecting witnesses in the state of Colorado.
At some point in time, Paul Logli is the chairman of the National District Attorneys Association.
At some point in time, Paul Logli told Congress this year that witness intimidation has become "almost epidemic."
At some point in time, the witness in the Reynolds case said that prosecutors only told the family to maybe move.
At some point in time, the witness in the Reynolds case is pretty sure he told one of the prosecutors about the witness protection program.
At some point in time, the witness in the Reynolds case cannot remember if he gave all the details about the witness protection program.
At some point in time, the prosecutor assigned to the Reynolds case did not want to be named.
At some point in time, after Reynolds' conviction, the witness and his wife saw strange cars parked outside their home.
At some point in time, the witness and his wife received phone calls during which the only sound was a gun being cocked.
At some point in time, the witness and his wife received a death threat from Keith Reynolds through the mail.
At some point in time, Keith Reynolds was sentenced to ten years in a maximum security prison for witness intimidation.
At some point in time, it is likely that Keith Reynolds will be released within five years.
No national statistics on crimes against witnesses exist.
Minimal research has been conducted on crimes against witnesses.
At some point in time, the latest National Institute of Justice survey on record was conducted more than a decade ago.
At some point in time, more than half of big city prosecutors consider witness intimidation a major problem.
At some point in time, Colorado has $50,000 allocated to its witness protection budget.
At some point in time, the city of Denver spent almost $100,000 on landscaping last year.
At some point in time, the state of Colorado spends about $1,000 per witness on average.
At some point in time, the figure for state spending on witnesses supposedly includes moving expenses, rent, and furniture.
At some point in time, the federal witness protection program spends in excess of $40 million per year.
Witnesses in state cases do not get new identities.
At some point in time, federal witnesses receive new identities.
At some point in time, the Colorado witness protection program is not designed to be a long-term relocation at the public's expense.
At some point in time, the Colorado witness protection program is designed to ensure the immediate safety of witnesses.
At some point in time, Peter Weir is the executive director of the Colorado Department of Public Safety.
At some point in time, the Colorado witness protection program is a "joke," according to The Rev. Leon Kelly.
At some point in time, The Rev. Leon Kelly is the founder and executive director of the Open Door Youth Gang Alternatives.
At some point in time, the state of Colorado does not provide enough incentive for witnesses to come forward.
At some point in time, Darryl Givens asked The Rev. Leon Kelly for advice while deciding whether to testify in a murder case.
At some point in time, Darryl Givens chose to testify in a murder case.
At some point in time, Darryl Givens was shot twice in the head by men he considered friends a few months after testifying.
At some point in time, that day continues to haunt The Rev. Leon Kelly.
At some point in time, Rhonda Fields says failures in the witness protection program may have contributed to her son's murder.
At some point in time, Javad Fields was a college graduate who was engaged to be married.
At some point in time, Javad Fields had plans to move east.
At some point in time, a Fourth of July barbecue in 2004 changed Javad Fields' plans.
At some point in time, Javad Fields witnessed the murder of his best friend.
At some point in time, Javad Fields subsequently testified against three men suspected in the killing of his best friend.
At some point in time, Javad Fields and his fiancée were gunned down while driving along a suburban street in Aurora, Colorado.
At some point in time, Javad Fields and his fiancée both died instantly.
At some point in time, Rhonda Fields says her son was never told about a witness protection program.
At some point in time, Rhonda Fields confronted prosecutors after her son's murder.
At some point in time, Rhonda Fields asked prosecutors what happened regarding her son's safety.
At some point in time, Rhonda Fields was told that Javad Fields never asked for any protection.
At some point in time, Rhonda Fields does not think it was her son's responsibility to ask for protection.
At some point in time, Rhonda Fields thinks it is the authorities' responsibility to notify witnesses of the dangers involved with being a witness.
At some point in time, Javad Fields' case illustrates glaring weaknesses in the witness protection program.
At some point in time, prosecutors filed an order for protection requesting Javad Fields' personal information be kept secret.
At some point in time, the order for protection was not signed by a judge until one year later.
At some point in time, defense lawyers had already given the suspects Javad Fields' personal information before the order was signed.
At some point in time, defense lawyers had already given the suspects crucial trial documents before the order was signed.
At some point in time, Rhonda Fields felt like the District Attorney's office used her son to win their case.
At some point in time, Rhonda Fields felt like the District Attorney's office did not take the proper measures to safeguard her son's life.
At some point in time, District Attorney Carol Chambers maintains that the witness protection program has improved.
At some point in time, District Attorney Carol Chambers says a notice about witness protection is now attached to every subpoena.
At some point in time, the notice about witness protection ensures witnesses are aware of their options.
At some point in time, the notice about witness protection did not start until two years after Javad Fields was killed.