At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh smashed six sixes in one over.
At some point in time, England crashed out of cricket's World Twenty20 tournament in South Africa on Wednesday.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh smashed his sixth successive six off England fast bowler Stuart Broad.
At some point in time, Paul Collingwood's side were eliminated at the Super Eights stage.
At some point in time, South Africa beat New Zealand by six wickets in Durban.
At some point in time, England lost by 18 runs to the Singh-inspired Indians.
At some point in time, the Indians kept their semifinal hopes alive ahead of Thursday's must-win clash with South Africa.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh reached the fastest 50 in Twenty20 history.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh needed just 12 deliveries to reach his fastest 50.
At some point in time, India made a score of 218-4.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh hit six consecutive sixes in the 19th over bowled by Stuart Broad.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh became the first player to hit six consecutive sixes in Twenty20 matches.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh became just the fourth player in all senior cricket to hit six consecutive sixes.
At some point in time, Herschelle Gibbs performed the feat of six consecutive sixes at the 50-over World Cup in the West Indies earlier this year.
At some point in time, Sir Garfield Sobers achieved six consecutive sixes in first-class matches.
At some point in time, Ravi Shastri achieved six consecutive sixes in first-class matches.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh's innings ended on 58 runs.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh scored 58 runs from 16 balls.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh hit a full-toss from Andrew Flintoff to captain Paul Collingwood at long-on.
At some point in time, Yuvraj Singh cleared the boundary ropes once in the final over.
At some point in time, Virender Sehwag top-scored for India with 68 runs off 52 balls.
At some point in time, Virender Sehwag put on 136 runs for the first wicket with Gautam Gambhir.
At some point in time, Gautam Gambhir scored 58 runs off 41 deliveries.
At some point in time, Stuart Broad ended with bowling figures of 0-60 off four overs.
At some point in time, Chris Tremlett took 2 wickets for 45 runs.
At some point in time, England posted a score of 200-6 in their 20 overs.
At some point in time, opener Vikram Solanki top-scored for England with 43 runs off 31 balls.
At some point in time, Kevin Pietersen hit 39 runs off 23 deliveries.
At some point in time, no player from England could match the fireworks provided by Yuvraj Singh.
At some point in time, Irfan Pathan claimed bowling figures of 3-37 off four overs.
At some point in time, Rudra Pratap Singh took 2 wickets for 28 runs.
At some point in time, if India beats South Africa, it would create a three-way tie.
At some point in time, net run-rates would decide the two teams going through if there is a three-way tie.
At some point in time, South Africa has two wins from two Group E outings.
At some point in time, South Africa beat New Zealand, who completed their Super Eights fixtures with two victories and one defeat.
At some point in time, South Africa restricted New Zealand to a score of 153-8 from their 20 overs on Wednesday.
At some point in time, South Africa reached the target against New Zealand with five deliveries to spare.
At some point in time, Justin Kemp made an unbeaten score of 89 runs.
At some point in time, Justin Kemp was named man of the match.
At some point in time, Justin Kemp smashed a six off Mark Gillespie for the winning runs.
At some point in time, Justin Kemp hit six sixes and six fours in his 56-ball innings.
At some point in time, Justin Kemp came to the crease in the fourth over.
At some point in time, South Africa was reeling at a score of 17-2 when Justin Kemp came to the crease.
At some point in time, Justin Kemp added 28 runs in four overs with Herschelle Gibbs.
At some point in time, Herschelle Gibbs scored 19 runs.
At some point in time, Justin Kemp put on another 65 runs in eight overs with Mark Boucher.
At some point in time, Mark Boucher departed for 23 runs.
At some point in time, Mark Boucher was caught by wicketkeeper Brendon McCullum off Mark Gillespie.
At some point in time, Mark Gillespie ended with bowling figures of 2-11 off 3.1 overs.
At some point in time, Shaun Pollock joined Justin Kemp.
At some point in time, Shaun Pollock struck one six in his unbeaten score of 16 runs off 11 deliveries.
At some point in time, Shaun Pollock helped guide South Africa to their second victory.
At some point in time, Craig McMillan top-scored for New Zealand with an unbeaten score of 48 runs off only 25 balls.
At some point in time, Craig McMillan followed up his blistering score of 57 runs in Tuesday's five-run win against England.
At some point in time, Brendon McCullum put on 68 runs for the first wicket with Lou Vincent.
At some point in time, Brendon McCullum scored 38 runs before becoming the first of Morne Morkel's four victims.
At some point in time, Morne Morkel ended with bowling figures of 4-17 off four overs.
At some point in time, Morne Morkel removed Ross Taylor, who scored 1 run.
At some point in time, Morne Morkel bowled Jacob Oram for a quickfire score of 15 runs.
At some point in time, Morne Morkel had Shane Bond caught by Mark Boucher.
At some point in time, Morne Morkel almost became the first Twenty20 bowler to claim five wickets.
At some point in time, Morne Morkel's penultimate delivery clean bowled Mark Gillespie.
At some point in time, Morne Morkel's penultimate delivery was declared a no-ball by umpire Billy Doctrove.