At some point in time, Jared Hutchins experienced a negative impact from the Beatles' world view.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins lives in Cumming, Georgia.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins plays the piano.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins plays the guitar.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins plays the harmonica.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins feels that the Beatles made him irritable.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins feels that the Beatles made him angry.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins believes that God owns his life.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins enjoys a wide range of music.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins enjoys music from Pink Floyd.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins enjoys music from Arcade Fire.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins enjoys music from Christian bands such as Hillsong United.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins has to be careful about what music he listens to.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins temporarily stopped listening to the Beatles.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins is 16 years old.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins is one of many teenagers who feel harmed by popular culture.
At some point in time, popular culture has ubiquitous references to sex.
At some point in time, popular culture has ubiquitous references to drugs.
At some point in time, popular culture has ubiquitous references to violence.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins and his Christian youth group attended an Acquire the Fire rally in Atlanta, Georgia last year.
At some point in time, Acquire the Fire rallies are held across the country.
At some point in time, BattleCry rallies are larger rallies held in only three cities this year.
At some point in time, Teen Mania is an evangelical Christian organization.
At some point in time, Teen Mania produces Acquire the Fire rallies.
At some point in time, Teen Mania produces BattleCry rallies.
At some point in time, the rallies seek to stage a reverse revolution against secular popular culture.
At some point in time, the rallies draw thousands of people.
At some point in time, the audiences at the rallies are nearly always predominantly teenagers and young adults.
At some point in time, from 2006 to 2007, a total of 127,830 people attended the 34 Acquire the Fire rallies.
At some point in time, 71,414 people attended the three BattleCry events held in San Francisco, California.
At some point in time, 71,414 people attended the three BattleCry events held in Detroit, Michigan.
At some point in time, 71,414 people attended the three BattleCry events held in Bristow, Virginia.
At some point in time, Teen Mania estimates it has reached more than 2 million teens with its message of living completely for Christ.
At some point in time, Teen Mania has live stadium rallies.
At some point in time, Teen Mania produces BattleCry shirts and hats.
At some point in time, Teen Mania produces mobile screen savers.
At some point in time, Teen Mania produces books.
At some point in time, Teen Mania has a television program.
At some point in time, Teen Mania organizes international mission trips.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins attended a Teen Mania international mission trip in Tijuana, Mexico this summer.
At some point in time, Teen Mania has a one-year internship program called the Honor Academy.
At some point in time, the Honor Academy is based in Lindale, Texas.
At some point in time, Ron Luce is the founder of Teen Mania.
At some point in time, Ron Luce is 46 years old.
At some point in time, Ron Luce has waged a modern-day crusade against purveyors of popular culture.
At some point in time, Ron Luce has condemned purveyors of popular culture as the enemy.
At some point in time, teenagers are in crisis according to Ron Luce.
At some point in time, Ron Luce believes that kids are hurting.
At some point in time, Ron Luce refers to those who inflict moral wounds as terrorists.
At some point in time, Ron Luce refers to those who inflict moral wounds as virtue terrorists.
At some point in time, Ron Luce believes that virtue terrorists are destroying kids.
At some point in time, Ron Luce believes that teenagers are not mature enough to think about certain things.
At some point in time, some people find Ron Luce's rhetoric off-putting.
At some point in time, some people find Ron Luce's rhetoric hateful.
At some point in time, some people find Ron Luce's rhetoric divisive.
At some point in time, opponents point to Ron Luce's views on homosexuality as not being in God's plan.
At some point in time, opponents point to Ron Luce's views on abortion as the ending of a precious life.
At some point in time, opponents believe Ron Luce is imposing conservative values on vulnerable teenagers.
At some point in time, critics confronted Ron Luce and his followers at BattleCry San Francisco in March.
At some point in time, protesters rallied against BattleCry on the steps of City Hall.
At some point in time, protesters used megaphones and poster board signs.
At some point in time, Christian teenagers circled and prayed in a demonstration at BattleCry San Francisco.
At some point in time, Mindy Peterson is a member of Teen Mania's Honor Academy.
At some point in time, Mindy Peterson shouted a prayer during BattleCry San Francisco.
At some point in time, Mindy Peterson believes the protesters mischaracterized BattleCry.
At some point in time, Mindy Peterson believes the war is against the pain in teenagers' hearts.
At some point in time, Mindy Peterson believes that depression is tearing teenagers apart.
At some point in time, Mindy Peterson believes that alcoholism is tearing teenagers apart.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins agrees that the generation is troubled.
At some point in time, Ron Luce wants to rescue the hearts of the generation.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins does not attend the rallies for a political agenda.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins believes that his friends do not attend the rallies for a political agenda.
At some point in time, Jared Hutchins states that mostly, what the generation is concerned with is Jesus.