At some point in time, lazing in a hammock is one of the best ways to spend a summer evening.
At some point in time, the key to cutting off jeans is not to go too short too soon.
At some point in time, mark the desired length on one leg of the jeans with chalk.
At some point in time, take the jeans off, fold the leg at the mark, and iron the fold.
At some point in time, cut just under the crease with fabric scissors.
At some point in time, lay the short jean leg on top of the other side.
At some point in time, cut to evenly match the other leg of the jeans.
At some point in time, repeat the cutting process as needed to get the desired length.
At some point in time, ninety-degree days are enjoyable.
At some point in time, fireflies blink to attract a mate.
At some point in time, males fly around while females sit in trees, in shrubs, or on the ground.
At some point in time, find a female firefly and watch her blinking pattern.
At some point in time, imitate the blinking pattern with a pen flashlight.
At some point in time, the males will come to the person imitating the pattern.
At some point in time, the bugs move slowly, making them easy to trap in a jar.
At some point in time, punch some holes in the lid of the jar.
At some point in time, add a little grass and a piece of fruit for moisture in the jar.
At some point in time, admire the trapped fireflies until bedtime.
At some point in time, let the trapped fireflies go after admiring them.
At some point in time, running on the beach can get a person into great shape.
At some point in time, Benjamin Guss is a lifeguard from Del Mar, California.
At some point in time, Benjamin Guss recently qualified to compete in this year's Iron Man triathlon.
At some point in time, the Iron Man triathlon includes swimming 2.4 miles, biking 112 miles, and then running a marathon consecutively.
At some point in time, if a person chooses to run barefoot, they should keep their workouts brief at first.
At some point in time, keeping workouts brief allows tender soles to build up calluses.
At some point in time, a person can get blisters from running barefoot on hot, soft sand.
At some point in time, a person can get burns from running barefoot on hot, soft sand.
At some point in time, Benjamin Guss likes to run barefoot.
At some point in time, Benjamin Guss wears shoes for runs longer than a couple of miles.
At some point in time, in soft sand, one mile is like two miles.
At some point in time, a person may work foot and leg muscles they do not always use when running on the beach.
At some point in time, a person should start running slowly on the beach.
At some point in time, hard sand can be as tough on a person's legs as the road.
At some point in time, a person should wear running sneakers on hard sand.
At some point in time, Benjamin Guss's favorite time to run is in the evening.
At some point in time, the wind dies down in the evening.
At some point in time, the sand is not as hot in the evening.
At some point in time, to work harder while running, a person can fill small bags with sand to use as hand weights.
At some point in time, everyone looks good lazing in a hammock.
At some point in time, getting in and out of a hammock is tricky.
At some point in time, to make getting in and out of a hammock less tricky, position your backside toward the hammock's center.
At some point in time, tilt back until reaching a 45-degree angle with the hammock parallel to your rear.
At some point in time, gently sit back into the hammock and let it level out.
At some point in time, swing your legs up and stretch them out while in the hammock.
At some point in time, lie back in the hammock.
At some point in time, sigh contentedly while in the hammock.
At some point in time, to exit the hammock gracefully, sit upright and swing your legs off.
At some point in time, anchor your feet on the ground when exiting the hammock.
At some point in time, push with your behind to gather momentum to stand when exiting the hammock.
At some point in time, exiting a hammock is tricky since there is nothing to hold on to.
At some point in time, exiting a hammock is good for the glutes.
At some point in time, apply lace-up logic when tying espadrilles.
At some point in time, slide your foot fully into the espadrille and plant it firmly on the floor.
At some point in time, cross and tie the laces once behind the ankle of the espadrille.
At some point in time, bring the laces forward after crossing and tying once.
At some point in time, cross and tie the laces again and continue up the leg.
At some point in time, the calf is the maximum height for tying espadrilles.
At some point in time, tying espadrilles higher than the calf will make a person look like a gladiator.
At some point in time, secure the laces slightly tighter than is comfortable each time they are crossed and tied.
At some point in time, the laces will loosen a bit when a person walks in espadrilles.
At some point in time, a person should not cut off their circulation when tying espadrilles.
At some point in time, make the final tie in the back of the espadrille for a streamlined leg.
At some point in time, put the final tie in front with a small bow for a more whimsical look.
At some point in time, a person can email a friend to get a free trial issue of Real Simple.
At some point in time, Real Simple is a publication owned by Time Inc.
All rights are reserved by Time Inc.