At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan is facing legal troubles this week.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan may still get work after her legal problems are settled.
At some point in time, the cost of Lindsay Lohan getting work after her legal problems are settled will be high.
At some point in time, whether companies insure Lindsay Lohan's future movies may determine whether Lindsay Lohan will quickly fall off Hollywood's A-list.
No actor is uninsurable according to underwriting experts.
At some point in time, some producers may balk at conditions for hiring problematic stars.
At some point in time, unless an actor is serving time in prison, even the most volatile actors can be covered.
At some point in time, insurance can be obtained for a price.
At some point in time, an insurance carrier can make conditions so unpalatable that filmmakers may not be interested.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan was arrested this week in Los Angeles on suspicion of drunken driving and cocaine possession.
At some point in time, Hollywood is wondering if Lindsay Lohan is too risky to cast in a film.
At some point in time, it remains to be seen whether Lindsay Lohan's latest relapse and brush with the law will cost her a role in "Poor Things."
At some point in time, "Poor Things" is a film produced by and starring Oscar-winner Shirley MacLaine.
At some point in time, a statement on whether "Poor Things" will proceed with or without Lindsay Lohan was expected early next week.
At some point in time, the film "Poor Things" was already delayed this spring due to an earlier rehab stint by Lindsay Lohan.
At some point in time, the industry has long dealt with situations similar to Lindsay Lohan's.
At some point in time, situations similar to Lindsay Lohan's may seem more frequent with recent heavy media scrutiny of Lindsay Lohan, Paris Hilton, and Britney Spears.
Wendy Diaz does not think a problematic artist is any more of an issue than in previous years.
At some point in time, Wendy Diaz stated that the terms for covering Lindsay Lohan would likely be serious at this point.
At some point in time, Fireman's Fund would likely put in higher deductibles for covering Lindsay Lohan.
At some point in time, Fireman's Fund may ask Lindsay Lohan to put her salary into escrow to pay for any losses if production is disrupted.
At some point in time, a producer on Lindsay Lohan's last film, "Georgia Rule," publicly scolded Lindsay Lohan for repeatedly showing up late on the set.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan's lateness on the set of "Georgia Rule" cost the movie's makers hundreds of thousands of dollars.
At some point in time, covering situations like Lindsay Lohan's requires a lot of calculation and risk management.
At some point in time, insurance rates for errant actors can range from 1 percent to 3 percent of a movie's production budget.
At some point in time, a movie's production budget can range from $5 million to $100 million or more.
At some point in time, filmmakers fall in love with certain actors for certain roles.
Actors are always required to undergo a medical exam before getting insurance.
At some point in time, in certain circumstances, drug screening is conducted for actors.
At some point in time, actors are required to provide blood and urine samples in certain circumstances.
At some point in time, in cases of known drug abuse, "minders" are sometimes required on set to keep an eye on the actor.
At some point in time, Kingman has helped craft policies for actors at risk of incarceration.
At some point in time, Kingman has been successful in finding and creating incarceration coverage for certain actors on probation.
At some point in time, incarceration coverage can be revoked if actors break certain rules.
At some point in time, Robert Downey Jr. is a high-profile star with a history of legal, drug, and alcohol problems.