At some point in time, the confirmation of Michael Mukasey as attorney general was all but assured on Friday.
At some point in time, two key Democratic senators will vote in favor of Michael Mukasey.
At some point in time, the two key Democratic senators are Dianne Feinstein of California and Charles Schumer of New York.
At some point in time, Dianne Feinstein and Charles Schumer announced their support for Michael Mukasey just hours after the chairman of the Judiciary Committee announced his opposition to the nominee.
At some point in time, Dianne Feinstein and Charles Schumer are members of the Senate Judiciary Committee.
At some point in time, the Senate Judiciary Committee is scheduled to vote on the Mukasey nomination on Tuesday.
At some point in time, if all the Republican members of the committee vote for Michael Mukasey, his nomination will go before the full Senate.
At some point in time, the vote of the Republican members of the committee for Michael Mukasey is expected.
At some point in time, a leading Democrat said Michael Mukasey is likely to be confirmed if his nomination passes the Judiciary Committee.
At some point in time, Charles Schumer praised the nomination of Michael Mukasey as a consensus candidate.
At some point in time, the president announced Michael Mukasey as his choice to replace former Attorney General Alberto Gonzales.
At some point in time, Alberto Gonzales gave up the post of attorney general in September.
At some point in time, Charles Schumer said that the decision regarding Michael Mukasey is extremely difficult.
At some point in time, Charles Schumer said that the current administration is political, out of touch with the realities of governing, and contemptuous of the rule of law.
At some point in time, Charles Schumer said that he is never left with an ideal choice.
At some point in time, Charles Schumer said that Judge Michael Mukasey is not his ideal choice.
At some point in time, Charles Schumer said that Judge Michael Mukasey is far better than anyone could expect from the current administration.
At some point in time, a number of Democratic senators will oppose Michael Mukasey.
At some point in time, the opposition from a number of Democratic senators is due to questions about Michael Mukasey's views on waterboarding.
At some point in time, the opposition from a number of Democratic senators is due to questions about the president's power to order electronic surveillance.
At some point in time, waterboarding involves restraining a suspect and using water to produce the sensation of drowning.
At some point in time, Michael Mukasey told senators that he finds waterboarding repugnant.
At some point in time, Michael Mukasey could not answer whether waterboarding amounts to torture.
At some point in time, serious questions have been raised about Judge Michael Mukasey's views on torture.
At some point in time, serious questions have been raised about Judge Michael Mukasey's views on separation of powers.
At some point in time, Dianne Feinstein will support Michael Mukasey because the Justice Department needs fresh leadership.
At some point in time, Michael Mukasey is not Alberto Gonzales.
At some point in time, Michael Mukasey has forged an independent life path as a practitioner of the law.
At some point in time, Michael Mukasey is a federal judge in the Southern District of New York.
At some point in time, Dianne Feinstein believes that Judge Michael Mukasey is the best option available.
At some point in time, voting down Michael Mukasey would perpetuate acting and recess appointments.
At some point in time, voting down Michael Mukasey would allow the administration to avoid the transparency that confirmation hearings provide.
At some point in time, voting down Michael Mukasey would diminish effective oversight by Congress.
At some point in time, Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy announced he would vote against the Mukasey nomination.
At some point in time, Patrick Leahy said that no American should need a classified briefing to determine whether waterboarding is torture.
At some point in time, waterboarding was used at least as long ago as the Spanish Inquisition.
At some point in time, the United States prosecuted Japanese war criminals for waterboarding after World War II.
At some point in time, Patrick Leahy is eager to restore strong leadership and independence to the Department of Justice.
At some point in time, Patrick Leahy likes Michael Mukasey.
At some point in time, Patrick Leahy wishes he could support Michael Mukasey's nomination.
At some point in time, Patrick Leahy cannot support Michael Mukasey's nomination.
At some point in time, America needs to be certain and confident that no one is above the law.
At some point in time, the president demanded the Senate confirm Michael Mukasey during a speech at the Heritage Foundation.
At some point in time, the Heritage Foundation is an influential conservative think tank.
At some point in time, the president said it is vital for him to have a full national security team in place during a time of war.
At some point in time, the president equated asking Michael Mukasey about his opinion of waterboarding with asking him about the CIA-run interrogation program.
At some point in time, the details of the CIA-run interrogation program are classified.
At some point in time, the president said the CIA-run interrogation program does not violate U.S. bans on torture.
At some point in time, the president added that Michael Mukasey does not want an uninformed opinion to be taken by professional interrogators in the field.
At some point in time, Patrick Leahy said Judge Michael Mukasey was not asked to evaluate any secret facts and circumstances.
At some point in time, Judge Michael Mukasey was asked whether waterboarding is illegal.
At some point in time, U.S. law makes torture illegal.
At some point in time, waterboarding is torture.
At some point in time, waterboarding is illegal.
At some point in time, waterboarding is not dependent on any relevant facts and circumstances of the technique's past or proposed use.
At some point in time, sources with knowledge of the CIA-run interrogation program said agents are no longer using waterboarding.
At some point in time, sources with knowledge of the CIA-run interrogation program said waterboarding was used in the interrogation of Khalid Shaikh Mohammed.
At some point in time, Khalid Shaikh Mohammed is now facing trial before a military tribunal for planning al Qaeda's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington.
At some point in time, waterboarding was used by the Spanish Inquisition.
At some point in time, waterboarding was used by Cambodia's Khmer Rouge.
At some point in time, waterboarding was used by the World War II Japanese military.
At some point in time, waterboarding is specifically banned in U.S. law governing the treatment of prisoners by the U.S. military.