At some point in time, Banksy is Britain's most wanted artist.
At some point in time, Banksy's art sells for hundreds of thousands of dollars.
At some point in time, Banksy continues to use public spaces as his main canvas.
At some point in time, Banksy keeps his identity a secret.
At some point in time, a passer-by claims to have taken a photo of Banksy.
At some point in time, Banksy has been spray painting his stencils around Britain and further afield for over ten years.
At some point in time, ten of Banksy's original pieces were sold at Bonham's auction house in London last week.
At some point in time, the sale of Banksy's original pieces at Bonham's auction house was for over $1 million.
At some point in time, Tower Hamlets council authority pledged to remove Banksy's graffiti from its streets.
At some point in time, Banksy began as a graffiti artist in Bristol, England.
At some point in time, Banksy has become the darling of the art world.
At some point in time, Banksy's work depicts things such as riot police with smiley acid-house faces.
At some point in time, Banksy's work depicts camera-wielding rats.
At some point in time, Banksy's work is now sold by major art galleries.
At some point in time, Lazarides Gallery in London is one of the main dealers of Banksy's work.
At some point in time, Lazarides Gallery describes Banksy as "a media star."
At some point in time, Banksy was popular long before any high-profile activity.
At some point in time, people love Banksy's art.
At some point in time, Banksy set out to lampoon the establishment.
At some point in time, the establishment has wholeheartedly embraced Banksy.
At some point in time, fans of Banksy include Hollywood A-listers.
At some point in time, Brad Pitt is a fan of Banksy.
At some point in time, Angelina Jolie is a fan of Banksy.
At some point in time, Christina Aguilera bought three of Banksy's prints in 2006.
At some point in time, one of the prints bought by Christina Aguilera depicts Queen Victoria sitting on a woman's face.
At some point in time, the recent sales of Banksy's work put him on par with Jean-Michel Basquiat.
At some point in time, Banksy is the best-selling street artist.
At some point in time, Banksy is feted by art dealers and artists.
At some point in time, Damien Hirst is an artist who fetes Banksy.
At some point in time, Banksy regularly mocks the art world.
At some point in time, Banksy has performed ingenious stunts such as hanging his own work in the Tate gallery in London.
At some point in time, Banksy has hung his own work in the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York.
At some point in time, the British Museum took eight days to discover the "prehistoric" rock painting hung by Banksy.
At some point in time, the rock painting hung by Banksy depicts a man with a shopping trolley.
At some point in time, there is often a political message in Banksy's work.
At some point in time, Banksy left an inflatable doll dressed as a Guantanamo prisoner in Disneyland.
At some point in time, Banksy painted a hole with blue sky on the Palestinian side of the West Bank wall.
At some point in time, Banksy's identity remains a mystery.
At some point in time, Banksy operates on the fringes of the law with his guerilla art.
At some point in time, Banksy's guerilla art adds to his mystique.
At some point in time, Banksy is originally from Bristol.
At some point in time, Banksy is around 30 years old.
At some point in time, Banksy is called Robert or Robin Banks.
At some point in time, it has been reported that Banksy's parents believe he makes his living as a painter and decorator.
At some point in time, Banksy continues to divide opinion regarding whether his work is vandalism or public art.
At some point in time, Brian Sewell called Banksy "a complete clown."
At some point in time, Brian Sewell stated that what Banksy does has absolutely nothing to do with art.
At some point in time, Bristol city council has recognized the popularity and artistic merit of Banksy's work.
At some point in time, Bristol city council has protected a number of Banksy's pieces around the city.
At some point in time, other local authorities do not feel the same way about Banksy's work.
At some point in time, Tower Hamlets council has pledged to remove Banksy's graffiti from its streets.
At some point in time, Hackney council has pledged to remove Banksy's graffiti from its streets.
At some point in time, Banksy's latest work is painted on a wall in East London.
At some point in time, Banksy's latest work depicts a man in overalls resting next to a giant flower.
At some point in time, the giant flower in Banksy's latest work is drawn as a continuation from the double yellow lines on the road.
At some point in time, Banksy's latest work is thought to be the artist's response to local authorities.
At some point in time, a passer-by took a photo of what is thought to be Banksy at work.
At some point in time, a spokesperson for Banksy refused to confirm if the person in the photo was Banksy.
At some point in time, the spokesperson for Banksy stated that the work in the photo was definitely Banksy's work.