At some point in time, Ralph Lauren has his eye on China and Japan.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren has had a greater impact on the way American men and women dress than any other designer for four decades.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren has had a greater impact on the way American men and women imagine, seek, and indulge in the Good Life than any other designer for four decades.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren was a former tie salesman from the Bronx.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's handmade ties sold for $12 to $15.
Designer ties did not sell for more than $5 apiece before Ralph Lauren's ties.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren originally named his company Polo because it was the sport of kings.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's company name was questioned by a few people in the beginning.
Virtually none of Ralph Lauren's millions of devoted customers has ever seen a polo match.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren instinctively caught a desire in the air before any of his competitors had a chance to grab it.
At some point in time, the desire Ralph Lauren caught was to look like a success before achieving one's goal.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren made fashion look easy.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren values clothes that are consistent and accessible.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren admires ultimate stars like Frank Sinatra, Cary Grant, and Fred Astaire.
At some point in time, the ultimate stars whose style has consistency last the longest according to Ralph Lauren.
At some point in time, fashion is about establishing an image that consumers can adapt to their own individuality.
At some point in time, fashion images can change and evolve.
Fashion does not reinvent itself every two years.
At some point in time, the media is insatiable for the new, the now, and the next.
At some point in time, being steadfast does not always make for good copy.
At some point in time, the spotlight searches for newcomers according to Ralph Lauren.
At some point in time, the key to longevity is to keep doing what one does better than anyone else according to Ralph Lauren.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's team works hard at getting their message out to the consumer.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's team works hard at getting consumer trust.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's team works hard at getting consumers excited again and again.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's clothes for the runway are not concepts.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's clothes for the runway go into stores.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren has lots of stores.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren relies on people walking into his store saying, "I want your clothes."
At some point in time, if all of Ralph Lauren's customers shouted that together, he would go deaf faster than he could pull on one of his classic pullovers.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on the red carpet.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on ski slopes.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on boats.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present at Wimbledon.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present in living rooms.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on dinner tables.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on beds.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present under beds.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's effortless luxury is present on coffee tables.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren's career is celebrated in the tome "Ralph Lauren" published by Rizzoli.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren has a 40-year career.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren is going more global.
At some point in time, Americans have a real inferiority about their own style according to Ralph Lauren.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren has brought sportswear to the world.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren believes there is a long way to go for American style.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren has more stores planned for China and Japan.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren has more stores planned for everywhere.
Ralph Lauren states there aren't enough Americans out there.
At some point in time, Ralph Lauren is a suitable person to start with for expanding his brand.
Most Americans still cannot play polo according to Ralph Lauren.