At some point in time, O.J. Simpson will be held without bail after his arrest on robbery and assault charges.
At some point in time, Police announced O.J. Simpson's arrest late Sunday.
At some point in time, Police released a mug shot of O.J. Simpson after his arrest.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson is accused of having directed several other men in an alleged armed robbery of sports memorabilia.
At some point in time, The alleged robbery occurred in a room at a Las Vegas hotel.
At some point in time, Las Vegas authorities have no information leading them to believe O.J. Simpson was carrying a firearm during the alleged incident.
At some point in time, Police said O.J. Simpson and other men burst into the room.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson and other men walked out with the memorabilia.
At some point in time, Some of the memorabilia was unrelated to O.J. Simpson.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols told reporters that no one was roughed up during the incident.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols stated that firearms were involved in the incident.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols said the firearms were pointed at the victims.
At some point in time, A reporter asked Lt. Clint Nichols if O.J. Simpson was the boss in the room.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols responded that he believes O.J. Simpson was the boss in the room.
At some point in time, The alleged victims were identified as Bruce Fromong and Alfred Beardsley.
At some point in time, Bruce Fromong is a sports memorabilia collector.
At some point in time, Bruce Fromong described the incident as a home invasion-type robbery.
At some point in time, Alfred Beardsley has been quoted by TMZ.com.
At some point in time, Alfred Beardsley stated that O.J. Simpson later apologized to him.
At some point in time, Alfred Beardsley stated that O.J. Simpson told him he regretted the incident.
At some point in time, Police met with Walter Alexander at McCarran International Airport.
At some point in time, Walter Alexander is 46 years old and from Mesa, Arizona.
At some point in time, Walter Alexander told police about the alleged robbery.
At some point in time, Walter Alexander validated the tipster's information.
At some point in time, Capt. James Dillon told reporters about Walter Alexander's arrest.
At some point in time, Walter Alexander was arrested on two counts of robbery with a deadly weapon.
At some point in time, Walter Alexander was arrested on two counts of assault with a deadly weapon.
At some point in time, Walter Alexander was arrested for conspiracy to commit robbery.
At some point in time, Walter Alexander was arrested for burglary with a deadly weapon.
At some point in time, Walter Alexander was released on his own recognizance.
At some point in time, Walter Alexander returned to Mesa either Saturday night or early Sunday morning.
At some point in time, Investigators are seeking four other men.
At some point in time, Investigators believe the four other men accompanied O.J. Simpson into the hotel room.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols stated that there is a social relationship between the identified individuals and O.J. Simpson.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson is not accused of having brandished a gun himself.
At some point in time, Two firearms that police said were used were recovered early Sunday.
At some point in time, Police conducted three searches to recover the firearms.
At some point in time, Investigators would not divulge where the weapons were found.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols dismissed an initial report that the men may have been off-duty police.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols stated that there is no truth to the report about off-duty police.
At some point in time, The report about off-duty police resulted from language used when the individuals burst into the room.
At some point in time, The language used led the victims to believe that the individuals may have been police.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson has acknowledged taking some items that belonged to him.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson has denied that any weapons were involved.
At some point in time, Whether the property belonged to O.J. Simpson is still in debate.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols stated that investigators are still in the process of sorting out property ownership.
At some point in time, Some of the property taken had O.J. Simpson's signature.
At some point in time, Some other property was taken as well.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols believes there were some Joe Montana cleats taken.
At some point in time, Lt. Clint Nichols believes there were some signed baseballs taken.
At some point in time, The latest charges against O.J. Simpson mean he faces the prospect of another prosecution.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson faces another prosecution more than a decade after the June 1994 stabbing deaths of his ex-wife, Nicole Brown Simpson, and Ron Goldman.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson was acquitted of murder the following year.
At some point in time, The trial of O.J. Simpson riveted much of the United States.
At some point in time, In 1997, a jury found O.J. Simpson liable for the deaths in a civil case.
At some point in time, The civil case was brought by the Goldman family.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson was ordered to pay the families a total of $33.5 million for the deaths.
At some point in time, Ron Goldman had gone to Nicole Simpson's Los Angeles home to return a pair of glasses.
At some point in time, Ron Goldman went to Nicole Simpson's home on the day of the slayings.
At some point in time, Kim Goldman is Ron Goldman's sister.
At some point in time, Kim Goldman stated she wasn't surprised by the robbery allegations.
At some point in time, Kim Goldman stated that O.J. Simpson thinks he can do no wrong.
At some point in time, Kim Goldman stated that O.J. Simpson is capable of stabbing people to death.
At some point in time, Kim Goldman stated that she thinks robbery is nothing surprising.
At some point in time, Normal, logical, civil-minded, law-abiding people do not storm a room with guns demanding stuff back.
At some point in time, Bruce Fromong had testified on O.J. Simpson's behalf in the civil case.
At some point in time, Bruce Fromong told the court that prices for Simpson memorabilia had dropped substantially since the 1995 verdict.
At some point in time, Bruce Fromong's testimony was part of the defense's contention that O.J. Simpson could not afford to pay the Goldmans.
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson recently wrote a book originally titled "If I Did It."
At some point in time, O.J. Simpson had planned to publish the book himself.
At some point in time, A public outcry led to the cancellation of O.J. Simpson's book deal.
At some point in time, A bankruptcy judge awarded the Goldmans the rights to the book.
At some point in time, The Goldmans were awarded the rights to the book in light of their inability to collect the wrongful death award.
At some point in time, The Goldmans retitled the book "If I Did It: Confessions of the Killer."
At some point in time, The book just hit bookstores.