At some point in time, allegations that Blackwater USA was "in any way associated or complicit in unlawful arms activities are baseless."
At some point in time, Blackwater USA asserted that the allegations are baseless.
At some point in time, Blackwater employees patrol Baghdad by air in a February 2005 photograph.
At some point in time, federal prosecutors are investigating allegations that employees of Blackwater illegally purchased weapons.
At some point in time, federal prosecutors are investigating allegations that employees of Blackwater sold weapons in Iraq.
At some point in time, a U.S. government official has said the U.S. attorney's office in Raleigh, North Carolina, is in the early stages of an investigation.
At some point in time, the investigation focuses on individual company employees.
At some point in time, the investigation does not focus on the firm Blackwater.
At some point in time, Blackwater is based in Moyock, North Carolina.
At some point in time, Blackwater is a security firm hired by the State Department.
At some point in time, Blackwater is hired to guard U.S. staff in Iraq.
At some point in time, Blackwater has no knowledge of any employee improperly exporting weapons.
At some point in time, Blackwater uncovered internally that two employees were stealing from the company.
At some point in time, Blackwater immediately fired the two employees.
At some point in time, Blackwater invited the ATF to conduct a thorough investigation.
At some point in time, the first public hint that an investigation was under way came in a statement from State Department Inspector General Howard Krongard.
At some point in time, Howard Krongard was accused of blocking fraud investigations in Afghanistan and Iraq.
At some point in time, Howard Krongard said the State Department has been cooperating with the prosecutors in the Blackwater probe.
At some point in time, Howard Krongard made one of his best investigators available to help assistant U.S. attorneys in North Carolina.
At some point in time, the investigation by assistant U.S. attorneys in North Carolina focuses on alleged smuggling of weapons into Iraq by a contractor.
At some point in time, Blackwater resumed normal security operations in Iraq on Friday.
At some point in time, the State Department said Blackwater resumed normal security operations in Iraq on Friday.
At some point in time, Blackwater's normal security operations resumed after a brief hiatus.
At some point in time, the brief hiatus followed the lethal incident last Sunday.
At some point in time, the Iraqi government was outraged by the shootings.
At some point in time, the Iraqi government disputes the U.S. claim that the guards were responding to an attack.
At some point in time, the Iraqi government disputes Blackwater's claim that the guards were responding to an attack.