At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck manages $1.8 trillion of client assets.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck has made Fortune's list of the World's Most Powerful Women every year since 2002.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck is the Chairman and Chief Executive of Citi Global Wealth Management.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck joined the banking industry as a research analyst.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck quickly rose through the ranks in the banking industry.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck gained a reputation for honesty and integrity.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck was dubbed the "Mrs Clean" of Wall Street.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck was credited with restoring investors' faith in analyst reports while head of Smith Barney.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck joined Citigroup in 2002.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck spent some time as Chief Financial Officer at Citigroup.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck took up her current role in March 2007.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck made number 12 on Fortune's list of the World's Most Powerful Women in Business in 2007.
At some point in time, John Defterios interviewed Sallie Krawcheck in Dubai.
At some point in time, John Defterios asked Sallie Krawcheck for her views on the movement of capital outside the G8.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes there is a liquidity crunch in the United States and developed Europe.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes there might be a liquidity crisis in the United States and developed Europe.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck states that there is an abundance of liquidity in the Middle East and Asia.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck observes a bifurcation occurring in the world regarding liquidity.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes that oil prices do not need to stay above $90 for liquidity to be generated in certain markets.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck states that significant liquidity is being generated in markets even at lower oil prices.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck claims that governments in the Middle East are investing back in infrastructure and economies.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck predicts a shift in economic activity from developed economies to the Middle East and Asia over time.
At some point in time, John Defterios describes the current financial situation as a perfect storm.
At some point in time, John Defterios mentions a 20 percent fall in the dollar in the last two years.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes New York is losing its status as a financial capital of the world.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck cites overlapping regulators in the United States as a reason for New York's decline.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck cites high taxes in the United States as a reason for New York's decline.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck cites a litigious environment in the United States as a reason for New York's decline.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck states that capital is being raised outside of the United States.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes that some factors negatively affect the United States and positively affect other regions.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck states that the shift of capital is accelerating from New York to London, Hong Kong, Singapore, and potentially Dubai.
At some point in time, John Defterios mentions that some wealth funds are now on the radar of Wall Street and Capitol Hill.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes it is possible to over-regulate sovereign funds.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes the same question about over-regulation can be asked of private equity funds and hedge funds.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck states that regulators in many countries struggle with the importance of certain funds to global markets and liquidity.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck expresses concern that over-regulation could drive money to markets outside the United States or Europe.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes it is important to separate the real economies from the market places.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck states that real economies and market places can diverge for long periods of time.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck feels bullish about the economic growth potential of the Middle East, Asia, and Latin America.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck states that China has been growing at 11 or 12 percent for 30 years.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes China can continue to grow at that rate for the foreseeable future.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes the Middle East can experience significant growth even at lower oil prices.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes growth in the Middle East can be high single digit or double digit for some foreseeable period.
At some point in time, John Defterios asks if Wall Street is ready for a woman to run a major money center bank.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes the United States may be ready for a woman to take over as President.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes that if the United States is ready for a woman to run the country, it is getting ready for a woman to run a money center bank.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck states that the board would not ask her to run a money center bank and she would not accept.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck observes that a few women are positioning themselves to be successors for CEO roles on Wall Street.
At some point in time, Sallie Krawcheck believes this is an exciting development for the industry and the country.