At some point in time, a girl who was shown on a videotape being sexually assaulted in Las Vegas has been found.
At some point in time, the girl is safe.
At some point in time, officials in Nye County, Nevada, said the girl was found on Friday.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, is being sought as a suspect.
At some point in time, police say Chester Arthur Stiles is a suspect.
At some point in time, Nye County Sheriff Tony De Meo said the detectives say the girl is in good condition.
At some point in time, the girl is now 7 years old.
At some point in time, the girl was shown in a sex video made four years ago.
At some point in time, Detective David Boruchowitz said the video was made four years ago.
At some point in time, the girl was found with family in Las Vegas.
At some point in time, thousands of tips poured in to help find the girl.
At some point in time, an appeal by police to the news media helped show the girl's picture.
At some point in time, CNN and other news organizations showed the girl's picture.
At some point in time, De Meo asked news organizations to stop showing the picture after the child was found.
At some point in time, the mother has cooperated with law enforcement.
At some point in time, De Meo believes that the mother was not aware of anything that went on with the girl.
At some point in time, it was very sad for the mother to find this out.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles is a former Las Vegas animal trainer.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles is a resident of Pahrump, Nevada.
At some point in time, Pahrump is about 60 miles west of Las Vegas.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles was a distant friend of the girl's family.
At some point in time, someone close to Chester Arthur Stiles has told investigators that Chester Arthur Stiles is a "survivalist type."
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles always carries a weapon.
At some point in time, Nye County District Attorney Bob Beckett said someone close to Chester Arthur Stiles told investigators this.
At some point in time, De Meo addressed Chester Arthur Stiles directly.
At some point in time, De Meo said Chester Arthur Stiles should turn himself in to his local law enforcement agency.
At some point in time, De Meo said law enforcement has a long arm and a long memory.
At some point in time, De Meo said Chester Arthur Stiles will not be forgotten by members of this agency or any other law enforcement agency.
At some point in time, the FBI is seeking Chester Arthur Stiles on state charges of sexual assault.
At some point in time, the FBI is seeking Chester Arthur Stiles on state charges of lewdness with a minor under the age of 14.
At some point in time, De Meo said the charges against Chester Arthur Stiles are in a separate matter.
At some point in time, police began calling Chester Arthur Stiles a suspect late Friday.
At some point in time, police had previously called Chester Arthur Stiles a person of interest.
At some point in time, there appeared to be physical similarities between Chester Arthur Stiles and the man in the videotape.
At some point in time, De Meo said nothing he has seen in his career comes close to what the girl has gone through.
At some point in time, De Meo said whoever this person is is a predator.
At some point in time, De Meo believes this predator belongs in custody.
At some point in time, De Meo believes this predator should be in jail for as long as the law allows if successfully prosecuted.
At some point in time, detectives said the child showed little emotion during the rapes.
At some point in time, detectives indicated the girl may have been brutalized before.
At some point in time, Nevadan Darren Tuck recently gave police the videotape.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck said he found the videotape in the desert.
At some point in time, De Meo said the videotape was in Darren Tuck's possession at least since May.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck handed the videotape over to authorities.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck is being sought on a parole violation for failure to pay child support.
At some point in time, police want to question Darren Tuck further.
At some point in time, police have been unable to locate Darren Tuck.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck faces a possible 10-years-to-life sentence for exhibiting pornography.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck faces another one to six years for possession of child pornography.
At some point in time, De Meo said this about Darren Tuck's possible sentences.
At some point in time, Harry Kuehn is Darren Tuck's attorney.
At some point in time, Harry Kuehn said Darren Tuck was "racked by indecision" about what to do with the tape.
At some point in time, Harry Kuehn said Darren Tuck realized what the tape was.
At some point in time, Harry Kuehn said he is not going to share why Darren Tuck was indecisive.
At some point in time, Harry Kuehn said the reason goes to the defense of the matter.
At some point in time, Harry Kuehn said to consider what kind of concerns Darren Tuck had.
At some point in time, Harry Kuehn said Darren Tuck has previously dealt with the sheriff's office in Nye County.
At some point in time, Harry Kuehn said Darren Tuck's previous dealings with the sheriff's office were unsatisfactory.