At some point in time, Sebastien Chabal has been cited for a dangerous tackle on Simon Shaw.
At some point in time, Sebastien Chabal's tackle on Simon Shaw was noted by citing commissioner Dennis Wheelahan.
At some point in time, Sebastien Chabal will face a disciplinary hearing on Monday.
At some point in time, Sebastien Chabal started the match on the substitutes' bench.
At some point in time, Sebastien Chabal was brought on in the 26th minute.
At some point in time, Sebastien Chabal replaced the injured Fabien Pelous.
At some point in time, France lost to England with a score of 14-9.
At some point in time, if Sebastien Chabal is suspended, then Sebastien Chabal will miss Friday's third and fourth-place play-off match at the Parc des Princes.
At some point in time, Bernard Laporte said that the defeat was tougher to take than England's 24-7 win in the 2003 semifinals.
At some point in time, Bernard Laporte believes that in 2003, England was better than France.
At some point in time, Bernard Laporte believes that England was better than everyone in 2003.
At some point in time, Bernard Laporte stated that this time it was harder because the match was 50-50.
At some point in time, England is seeking to become the first nation to defend the World Cup title.
At some point in time, Jonny Wilkinson had problems with the match balls during the semifinal.
At some point in time, Jonny Wilkinson rejected a ball before kicking a vital three-pointer against France.
At some point in time, Rob Andrew stated that a non-match ball got onto the field in Marseille.
At some point in time, Jonny Wilkinson kicked a non-match ball in Marseille.
At some point in time, the match balls are marked and numbered one to six.
At some point in time, the match balls had 'World Cup semi-final England vs France' written on them.
At some point in time, Jonny Wilkinson was vigilant when kicking for goal that the balls were actually match balls.
At some point in time, the practice balls lose pressure and shape.
At some point in time, the organizers accepted that all six match balls should be used by both sides on the Thursday before the game.