At some point in time, the White House is blasting Congressional Democrats for not sending a bill that would fund veterans' care programs to President George W. Bush's desk by Veterans Day.
At some point in time, the White House's Dana Perino accused Congressional Democrats of holding veterans care funding hostage.
At some point in time, Dana Perino stated that there is absolutely no reason that the veterans' bill could not have been signed by President George W. Bush today.
At some point in time, Dana Perino claimed that the political games that Congressional Democrats decided to play with the veterans' bill are the only reason it was not signed.
At some point in time, Congressional Democrats attached legislation funding veterans programs to a $150.7 billion bill.
At some point in time, the $150.7 billion bill also funded a number of domestic priorities, including health, labor, and education.
At some point in time, Congressional Democrats added $3.7 billion to what President George W. Bush budgeted for veterans programs.
At some point in time, the labor-health-education bill would increase funding by more than $10 billion over last year's funding for those programs.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush has threatened to veto the labor-health-education bill because of the added spending.
At some point in time, the House passed the health-labor-education bill with the veterans funding attached by a vote of 269-142 last week.
At some point in time, the Senate later voted to strip out the veterans funding from the health-labor-education bill.
At some point in time, the Senate sent the health-labor-education bill to President George W. Bush after stripping out the veterans funding.
At some point in time, Dana Perino accused Congressional Democrats of trying to hold hostage veterans to extra domestic spending or increases in taxes.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush wants clean legislation to fund the veterans.
At some point in time, the Democratic congressional leadership sent a letter to President George W. Bush on Saturday.
At some point in time, the Democratic congressional leadership welcomed a dialogue on spending in the letter to President George W. Bush.
At some point in time, the Democratic congressional leadership stated that disagreements over funding levels have never been so great that they cannot reach agreement on a spending plan that meets the needs of the American people.
At some point in time, House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stated that some willingness on President George W. Bush's part to actually find common ground is key to the dialogue.
At some point in time, last year's Congress, which was still under Republican control, never passed a separate bill funding veterans programs.
At some point in time, Congress sent to President George W. Bush legislation that would fund veterans care at the levels requested by President George W. Bush through December 14.
At some point in time, the current funding level is still below the $3.9 billion extra that Congress passed.
At some point in time, Nadeam Elshami, spokesman for Nancy Pelosi, stated that they are committed to getting the extra funding that Congress already voted on to President George W. Bush's desk for his signature.
At some point in time, the Democratic congressional leadership blamed Republican members of Congress for stalling the funding for veterans programs.
At some point in time, Republican members of Congress blocked the inclusion of veterans funding in the larger spending bill.
At some point in time, Dana Perino stated that Congressional Democrats could still send a separate bill to President George W. Bush funding the veterans program that passed both chambers of Congress.
At some point in time, Dana Perino claimed that Congressional Democrats decided not to send President George W. Bush this bill.
At some point in time, Dana Perino stated that the decision not to send the bill has to be laid at the feet of Congressional Democrats.