At some point in time, the United Nations is calling on NATO to do more to stop the Afghan opium trade.
At some point in time, a new survey shows how the drug dominates Afghanistan's economy.
At some point in time, Afghan villagers tend to opium poppies in Taliban-controlled Helmand province in April 2007.
At some point in time, the export value of this year's poppy harvest stood at around $4 billion.
At some point in time, the export value of this year's poppy harvest is a 29 percent increase over 2006.
At some point in time, Afghan security forces' efforts to curb the trade have not stopped the trafficking of 660 tons of heroin and morphine out of the country in 2007.
At some point in time, opium is derived from poppies.
At some point in time, the data on opium cultivation was collected by examining satellite images.
At some point in time, the data on opium cultivation was collected by assessments on the ground.
At some point in time, opium has accounted for more than half of Afghanistan's gross domestic product in 2007.
InvestorWords.com defines gross domestic product as the total market value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given period of time.
At some point in time, about a quarter of the earnings from opium go to farmers.
At some point in time, the rest of the earnings from opium go to district officials who collect taxes on the crop.
At some point in time, the rest of the earnings from opium go to drug traffickers.
At some point in time, the rest of the earnings from opium go to insurgents and warlords who control the trade.
At some point in time, Antonio Maria Costa is the executive director of the U.N. Office on Drugs and Crime.
At some point in time, Antonio Maria Costa urged NATO to take a more active role in countering the spread of the drug trade.
At some point in time, the drug trade has increased dramatically since the American-led invasion to remove the hard-line Islamist government of the Taliban in October 2001.
At some point in time, drugs are funding the insurgency.
At some point in time, NATO has a self-interest in supporting Afghan forces in destroying drug labs, markets, and convoys.
At some point in time, destroying the drug trade would cut off the Taliban's main funding source.
At some point in time, James Appathurai is a NATO spokesman.
At some point in time, coalition forces are equally concerned by the rapid growth in the narcotics trade.
At some point in time, NATO shares the U.N.'s concerns.
At some point in time, drugs poison people.
At some point in time, drugs poison economies and governments.
At some point in time, it is in everyone's interest to stop the proliferation of drugs.
At some point in time, NATO forces are providing assistance to Afghan police through training and transport.
At some point in time, there are no plans to deploy coalition troops to intervene directly.
At some point in time, the issue of whether NATO can do more is a live discussion for NATO.
At some point in time, the matter of drug trade is currently for the Afghan government.
At some point in time, farming of opium poppies has been almost eradicated in the north and west of Afghanistan.
At some point in time, in the lawless southern provinces, poppy production is going on largely unchecked.
At some point in time, the Taliban stronghold of Helmand has unchecked poppy production.
At some point in time, U.N. observers have noticed a proliferation of heroin labs in neighboring countries.
At some point in time, U.N. observers have noticed a proliferation of heroin labs along trafficking routes.
At some point in time, the heroin labs are dependent on precursor chemicals.
At some point in time, precursor chemicals, like acetic anhydride, must be smuggled into the region.
At some point in time, Antonio Maria Costa called for tighter controls in chemical-producing countries.
At some point in time, Antonio Maria Costa called for stronger intelligence-sharing between Afghanistan and its neighbors.
At some point in time, drug trafficking is a transnational threat.
At some point in time, national initiatives have their limitations in addressing drug trafficking.
At some point in time, the most effective way to curb the drug trade is tackling the insurgency head-on.
At some point in time, it is important to provide alternative work for poor Afghan farmers.
At some point in time, providing alternative work for poor Afghan farmers encourages them to give up opium production.
At some point in time, eradication cannot happen in isolation.
At some point in time, if support is not given to produce alternative crops, wiping out opium fields creates enemies for the future.