At some point in time, authorities in Azerbaijan uncovered a radical Islamic terror plot against the U.S. Embassy in the capital, Baku.
At some point in time, the U.S. Embassy in Baku closed its doors to the public on Monday.
At some point in time, Azerbaijan officials told CNN about the closure of the U.S. Embassy.
At some point in time, U.S. officials told CNN about the closure of the U.S. Embassy.
At some point in time, Britain shut its embassy in Baku to the public on Monday.
At some point in time, Britain's Foreign Office stated that the closure was due to security concerns nearby.
At some point in time, the terror plot was unraveled after a weekend raid outside Baku.
At some point in time, the weekend raid netted several suspected members of the radical group.
At some point in time, two U.S. officials asked not to be identified.
At some point in time, a spokesman for Azerbaijan's National Security Ministry told CNN about the raid.
At some point in time, U.S. State Department spokesman Sean McCormack stressed that the details are still unfolding.
At some point in time, Sean McCormack stated that the threat may or may not be linked to the Saturday raid.
At some point in time, there was specific and credible threat information concerning the embassy.
At some point in time, militants planned to do harm to individuals in and around the U.S. Embassy in Baku.
At some point in time, no specific individuals were targeted in the threat.
At some point in time, an Azerbaijani army officer seized four assault rifles from his military unit.
At some point in time, an Azerbaijani army officer seized a machine gun from his military unit.
At some point in time, an Azerbaijani army officer seized 20 hand grenades from his military unit.
At some point in time, the Azerbaijani army officer hid the weapons in the outskirts of Baku.
At some point in time, government security forces tracked down the group.
At some point in time, government security forces arrested several members during a sweep on Saturday.
At some point in time, the sweep occurred in the village of Mastaga.
At some point in time, Mastaga is about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Baku.
At some point in time, one suspected member of the militant group resisted arrest.
At some point in time, one suspected member of the militant group was killed in the sweep.
At some point in time, several other suspected members of the militant group are still at large.
At some point in time, the terror plot also targeted Azerbaijani government buildings.
At some point in time, the U.S. Embassy in Baku issued a warden message warning Americans in Azerbaijan.
At some point in time, the warden message encouraged Americans to take precautions.
At some point in time, there is no information at this time that other American or Western interests in Azerbaijan are being targeted.
At some point in time, the U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to maintain a high level of vigilance.
At some point in time, the U.S. Embassy encourages Americans to take appropriate steps to bolster their own personal security.
Azerbaijan is a former Soviet republic.
Azerbaijan borders the Caspian Sea.
Azerbaijan lies just north of Iran.
At some point in time, Sean McCormack stated that U.S. authorities are working closely with their counterparts in Baku.
At some point in time, U.S. authorities will determine when normal embassy operations will resume.
At some point in time, Sean McCormack expects the embassy to limit its operations on Tuesday.