At some point in time, football dignitaries gathered in Sheffield, northern England, on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the gathering was to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of Sheffield FC.
Sheffield FC is the sport's oldest club.
At some point in time, FIFA chief Sepp Blatter was among those in Sheffield.
At some point in time, Sepp Blatter was present to kick off the 150th birthday celebrations of Sheffield FC.
At some point in time, guests of honor at a service at Sheffield Cathedral included Sepp Blatter.
At some point in time, guests of honor at a service at Sheffield Cathedral included Massimo Moratti.
Massimo Moratti is the president of Italian giants Inter Milan.
At some point in time, Inter Milan is scheduled to play a friendly against Sheffield FC next month.
At some point in time, other guests attending a dinner in Sheffield FC's honor included Ramon Calderon.
Ramon Calderon is the president of Real Madrid.
At some point in time, other guests attending a dinner in Sheffield FC's honor included Bobby Charlton.
Bobby Charlton is a legend of England and Manchester United.
Pele is widely recognized as the greatest footballer ever to play the game.
At some point in time, Pele is due in town next month to attend Sheffield FC's clash with Inter Milan.
At some point in time, Sepp Blatter was unveiling a bust of the club's co-founder William Prest.
William Prest was one of two cricket fans who founded Sheffield FC.
Sheffield FC was originally known simply as Sheffield Club.
At some point in time, Sheffield FC was founded on October 24, 1857.
At some point in time, William Prest and the other cricket fan decided they needed a new sport to keep them active during the winter.
At some point in time, many more football clubs soon sprang up after Sheffield FC was founded.
At some point in time, by 1862, there were said to be 15 football clubs in and around the Sheffield area.
At some point in time, the Football Association was established in London the following year.
At some point in time, the Football Association codified the basic rules of the modern game.
At some point in time, Sheffield FC was instrumental in developing set rules for the game.
At some point in time, Sheffield FC studied existing rules and laid down a code of laws.
At some point in time, the code of laws formed the foundation of the first commonly-accepted set of rules for the sport.
At some point in time, Sheffield FC's innovations in the game included heading.
At some point in time, heading was unheard of until 1875.
At some point in time, Sheffield FC traveled to London for a game in 1875.
At some point in time, the sight of the Sheffield players using their foreheads in addition to their feet reduced the London crowd to hysterics.
At some point in time, other innovations attributed to Sheffield FC include the solid crossbar on the goal.
At some point in time, other innovations attributed to Sheffield FC include corner kicks.
At some point in time, other innovations attributed to Sheffield FC include free kicks for fouls.
At some point in time, other innovations attributed to Sheffield FC include playing a match under floodlights.
Sheffield FC has never played at a professional level.
At some point in time, Sheffield FC currently competes in the Unibond League's First Division South.
At some point in time, the Unibond League's First Division South is seven divisions beneath the English Premier League.
At some point in time, the city of Sheffield has two professional clubs.
At some point in time, the two professional clubs in Sheffield are United and Wednesday.
At some point in time, United and Wednesday both currently play in English football's second tier.
At some point in time, the second tier of English football is the Coca-Cola Championship.
At some point in time, Sheffield FC's proudest achievement on the pitch came in 1904.
At some point in time, in 1904, Sheffield FC beat Ealing 3-1 to win the FA Amateur Cup.
At some point in time, Sheffield FC won the FA Amateur Cup in front of 6,000 people.
At some point in time, in 2004, Sepp Blatter presented Sheffield FC with FIFA's "Order of Merit."
FIFA's "Order of Merit" is an honor previously awarded only to Real Madrid.
Real Madrid is a nine-time European champion.