At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk is 31 years old.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk is the host of "Wine Library TV."
At some point in time, "Wine Library TV" is an online video show.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk has been known to lick rocks while on camera.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk has been known to suck leather while on camera.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk has been known to eat dirt while on camera.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk illustrates the unique properties of wine by licking rocks, sucking leather, and eating dirt.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk discusses four spooky wine varieties for a Halloween show.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk describes a "wild and gamey" red from Rioja, Spain.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk says the flavor profile of the wine is like hitting a deer on the road, throwing cherries on it, cutting the deer, and biting it.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk's attitude appeals to people who are mystified by traditional wine journals.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk's attitude appeals to people who are turned off by perceived elitist barriers in wine.
At some point in time, budding wine geeks are discovering a burgeoning number of websites, blogs, bulletin boards, and other outlets about wine.
At some point in time, about 40,000 Internet viewers have a daily appointment with "Wine Library TV."
At some point in time, "Wine Library TV" is produced five days a week.
At some point in time, "Wine Library TV" is produced from a nondescript office in a three-level wine retail operation.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk's family owns the wine retail operation in Springfield, New Jersey.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk has a discerning nose and palate.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk does not dumb down his subject.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk uses sports and pop-culture references in his discussions.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk uses language that a Wine Spectator critic would be unlikely to employ.
At some point in time, the mission of wine sites like "Wine Library TV" is to demystify wine.
At some point in time, some wine sites aim to sell wine.
At some point in time, wine sites advocate trusting one's own palate rather than obeying powerful wine critics.
At some point in time, some wine sites provide opportunities for average wine drinkers to share their opinions.
At some point in time, SavorEachGlass.com declares its dedication to "exploring the spirit of wine for a new generation."
At some point in time, SavorEachGlass.com provides reviews, online journals, and essays that explain the finer points of winemaking.
At some point in time, SavorEachGlass.com presents its content with attitude.
At some point in time, Tynan Szvetecz is the founder of SavorEachGlass.com.
At some point in time, Tynan Szvetecz is 29 years old.
At some point in time, the wine establishment is about ratings and reputation.
At some point in time, the wine establishment is about collecting the "good" stuff as defined by someone else's palate and tastes.
At some point in time, the wine establishment bores a younger generation.
At some point in time, Tynan Szvetecz states that SavorEachGlass.com is not afraid to be smartasses.
At some point in time, SavorEachGlass.com makes fun of itself, old-world wine makers, new-world wine makers, and anyone else they can get their hands on.
At some point in time, interest in wine is exploding in the U.S.
At some point in time, wine consumption has leveled out in traditional wine-producing countries such as France, Italy, and Spain.
At some point in time, wine consumption has trended upwards in the U.S. for 15 straight years.
At some point in time, the U.S. is projected to overtake Italy by the end of 2007.
At some point in time, the annual report "The U.S. Wine Market: Impact Databank Review and Forecast" is a leading industry trade publication.
At some point in time, many new converts to wine are Millennials.
At some point in time, Millennials are the under-30 age group coveted by beverage marketers.
At some point in time, Millennials are also called iGen or the Internet Generation.
At some point in time, VineSugar.com is a wine website targeting a younger demographic.
At some point in time, VineSugar.com features a blog called "Wine Burps."
At some point in time, Ryan O'Donnell is the founder of VineSugar.com.
At some point in time, Ryan O'Donnell states, "We love wine but hate the elitism."
At some point in time, Ryan O'Donnell states that wine is just grape juice.
At some point in time, VineSugar.com includes rants about wine tasting fees.
At some point in time, VineSugar.com features a spotlight on "wine hotties" working at California wineries.
At some point in time, VineSugar.com includes interactive maps that plot and rate wineries.
At some point in time, VineSugar.com leaves little doubt about its target audience.
At some point in time, CellarTracker.com is an online wine community.
At some point in time, CellarTracker.com appeals to more established wine collectors.
At some point in time, CellarTracker.com provides free software designed by Eric LeVine.
At some point in time, Eric LeVine is a former Microsoft software developer.
At some point in time, CellarTracker.com allows wine enthusiasts to create an online inventory of their wines.
At some point in time, CellarTracker.com has 39,000 users.
At some point in time, CellarTracker.com users count 6 million bottles in their virtual cellars.
At some point in time, CellarTracker.com users post reviews of their wines.
At some point in time, CellarTracker.com users access scores and other data via PDAs and cell phones.
At some point in time, community tasting notes shed light on how cellar-worthy wines are evolving.
At some point in time, community tasting notes help others decide when to crack open a treasured bottle.
At some point in time, Corkd.com is another online community of wine fans.
At some point in time, Corkd.com had 40,000 users when Gary Vaynerchuk purchased the site last year.
At some point in time, Corkd.com allows users to catalog and review wines.
At some point in time, Corkd.com members identify "drinking buddies."
At some point in time, Corkd.com members check out what their drinking buddies are drinking.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk sees a movement in the growing presence of wine fans on the Internet.
At some point in time, wine fans include newbies as well as connoisseurs.
At some point in time, wine fans are part of forums.
At some point in time, wine fans meet up offline.
At some point in time, the movement is about bringing people together.
At some point in time, the movement represents all that is right about wine.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk has taped over 300 shows in the past two years.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk has developed a cult following of online fans.
At some point in time, online fans of Gary Vaynerchuk call themselves "Vayniacs."
At some point in time, "Vayniacs" share wine tips.
At some point in time, "Vayniacs" obsess about Gary Vaynerchuk on the site's forum.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk recorded a 20-minute show in a single take.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk's show was unrehearsed and unscripted.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk wrapped up Wine Library TV episode No. 337 with his signature line.
At some point in time, Gary Vaynerchuk's signature line is, "You, with a little bit of me, we're changing the wine world, aren't we?"
At some point in time, LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to web publishers.
At some point in time, Neil Edward Schlecht is a freelance writer based in Litchfield County, Connecticut.
At some point in time, Neil Edward Schlecht is the author of more than a dozen travel guides.