At some point in time, President George W. Bush criticized the Democratic-controlled Congress on Tuesday.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress has "the worst record in 20 years."
At some point in time, President George W. Bush claimed that Congress is not getting its work done.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush was flanked by members of the Republican House leadership.
At some point in time, the House of Representatives has wasted valuable time on a constant stream of investigations.
At some point in time, the Senate has wasted valuable time on an endless series of failed votes to pull troops out of Iraq.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush criticized Congress for not being able to send a single appropriations bill to him.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress has not seen a bill that could not be solved without shoving a tax hike into it.
At some point in time, Jim Manley is a senior aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid.
At some point in time, Jim Manley stated that taking advice from President George W. Bush about fiscal responsibility is not a good idea.
At some point in time, Jim Manley compared taking advice from President George W. Bush to taking hunting lessons from Dick Cheney.
At some point in time, Representative Rahm Emanuel, a Democrat from Illinois, issued a statement.
At some point in time, Representative Rahm Emanuel stated that President George W. Bush's rally reminds us that congressional Republicans are ready and willing to rubber-stamp the Bush agenda.
At some point in time, Congressional Republicans said no to children's health care.
At some point in time, Congressional Republicans said no to a new direction in Iraq.
At some point in time, Congressional Republicans said no to investing in America's future.
At some point in time, The White House and congressional Republicans want to continue the status quo.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that the Senate is wasting valuable time by taking up the children's health insurance bill.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush had earlier vetoed the children's health insurance bill.
At some point in time, House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer, a Democrat from Maryland, issued a statement.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer called President George W. Bush "the biggest obstacle" to extending health coverage to 10 million low-income, working-class American children.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer stated that GOP House leaders need to stop posing for pictures.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer stated that GOP House leaders need to sit down with Democrats and Republicans in Congress who are working together to extend coverage to children.
At some point in time, The State Children's Health Insurance Program measure passed in the House last week.
At some point in time, The State Children's Health Insurance Program measure would expand the program by nearly $35 billion over five years.
At some point in time, The State Children's Health Insurance Program measure is the same as the measure President George W. Bush vetoed on October 3.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush proposed adding $5 billion to the State Children's Health Insurance Program.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that the version he vetoed would have encouraged families to leave the private insurance market for the federally funded, state-run program.
At some point in time, Democratic leaders stated that the new version addresses Republican objections.
At some point in time, The new version tightens restrictions on illegal immigrants receiving State Children's Health Insurance Program benefits.
At some point in time, The new version caps the income levels of families that qualify for the State Children's Health Insurance Program.
At some point in time, The new version prevents adults from receiving benefits.
At some point in time, The State Children's Health Insurance Program currently covers about 6 million children.
At some point in time, The 6 million children whose parents earn too much to qualify for Medicaid cannot afford private insurance.
At some point in time, Democrats want to extend the State Children's Health Insurance Program to another 4 million children.
At some point in time, Democrats want to pay for the extension with a 61-cent-per-pack increase in the federal tax on cigarettes.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress knows the current version of the children's health bill does not have a chance to get enough votes to override another veto.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer accused President George W. Bush of breaking a promise he made in 2004.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer stated that Congress must do what President George W. Bush said he would do.
At some point in time, The Senate could vote on the bill as early as Tuesday.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush threatened to veto a "three-bill pileup."
At some point in time, There are reports that congressional leaders may be considering combining the Veterans and Department of Defense appropriations bills.
At some point in time, Congressional leaders may add a bloated labor, health, and education spending bill to both of them.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress should pass each bill one at a time in a fiscally responsible manner.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush urged Congress to send him a clean defense appropriations bill.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush urged Congress to send him a war supplemental bill.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress ought to get him a bill that funds bullets and body armor.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush criticized Congress for trying to hold hostage funding for troops.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that it would be irresponsible to not give troops the resources they need to get their job done.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress was unable to get its job done.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer's release stated that President George W. Bush's comments on appropriations bills and fiscal responsibility ring hollow.
At some point in time, Steny Hoyer stated that the administration has pursued the most fiscally irresponsible policies in American history.
At some point in time, The administration has turned record surpluses into record deficits.
At some point in time, The administration has added more than $3 trillion to the national debt.
At some point in time, Democrats are the party of fiscal responsibility today.
At some point in time, Democrats believe that the government must pay for the things it purchases.
At some point in time, Democrats do not want to force children to pay the bills.
At some point in time, The fight over 2008 appropriations bills is not a fight over spending.
At some point in time, The fight over 2008 appropriations bills is a fight over priorities.