At some point in time, the Tennessee Supreme Court refused to modify or overturn a lower court's ruling.
At some point in time, the lower court's ruling allowed Mary Winkler visitation rights with the couple's three daughters.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler was convicted of killing her minister husband.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler has three daughters.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler stands next to Matthew Winkler while holding baby Brianna.
At some point in time, Mary Alice Winkler and Patricia Winkler are the names of Mary Winkler's daughters.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler is the father of Matthew Winkler.
At some point in time, Diane Winkler is the mother of Matthew Winkler.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler asked the court to intervene.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler asked the court to revoke Mary Winkler's visitation rights.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler asked the court to allow visitation only under supervision of a counselor.
At some point in time, Patricia Winkler, Mary Alice Winkler, and Brianna Winkler have been living with Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler has not seen her children in 15 months.
At some point in time, Kay Farese Turner is the attorney for Mary Winkler.
At some point in time, Kay Farese Turner said Mary Winkler was "absolutely elated about the news."
At some point in time, Kay Farese Turner believes the visit may come before Christmas.
At some point in time, a jury convicted Mary Winkler of voluntary manslaughter.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler was convicted for the shotgun death of Matthew Winkler.
At some point in time, prosecutors wanted a first-degree murder conviction for Mary Winkler.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler said the slaying came after years of abuse.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler experienced physical violence.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler was forced to dress "slutty" for undesirable sex acts.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler received a three-year sentence.
At some point in time, a judge required Mary Winkler to serve only 210 days.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler received credit for the five months she had already served.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler was allowed to serve the remaining 60 days in a mental health facility.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler was released in August.
At some point in time, at the time of Matthew Winkler's death in March 2006, Patricia Winkler was 8 years old.
At some point in time, at the time of Matthew Winkler's death in March 2006, Mary Alice Winkler was 6 years old.
At some point in time, at the time of Matthew Winkler's death in March 2006, Brianna Winkler was 1 year old.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler have moved to terminate Mary Winkler's parental rights.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler have filed a $2 million wrongful death suit against Mary Winkler.
At some point in time, the termination issue has not been decided in court.
At some point in time, Kay Farese Turner said the court may want to determine what bond Mary Winkler has with her children.
At some point in time, attempts by CNN to contact attorneys for Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler were not immediately successful.
At some point in time, in September, a lower court granted Mary Winkler visitation with her daughters.
At some point in time, the visitation was pending the outcome of the custody battle.
At some point in time, the court specified the visits be supervised by a guardian ad litem.
At some point in time, the guardian ad litem was appointed to represent the children's interests.
At some point in time, the visits were to be supervised by members of the couple Mary Winkler is living with.
At some point in time, the visits were to be supervised by Mary Winkler's sister.
At some point in time, a subsequent appeal by Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler was denied.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler appealed to the Supreme Court.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said if Mary Winkler got visitation, it should be under the supervision of a professional counselor.
At some point in time, at a September hearing, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children exhibit fear and confusion toward Mary Winkler.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children exhibit fear and confusion about Mary Winkler's role in their father's death.
At some point in time, one expert quoted Patricia Winkler as saying her mother had killed her father.
At some point in time, Patricia Winkler said, "I don't know if she will kill me."
At some point in time, Patricia Winkler wants to ask Mary Winkler if she would kill her.
At some point in time, Patricia Winkler said, "It scares me, kind of; if she did, well, I guess I would see my father."
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children experienced "urination accidents" after telephone calls with Mary Winkler.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children experienced sleeping problems after telephone calls with Mary Winkler.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children experienced graphic nightmares after telephone calls with Mary Winkler.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the children experienced sleepwalking after telephone calls with Mary Winkler.
At some point in time, Charles Winkler and Diane Winkler said the lower court erred by failing to appoint the guardian ad litem until after the September hearing.
At some point in time, Kay Farese Turner believes terminating Mary Winkler's parental rights would not be in the children's best interest.
At some point in time, Kay Farese Turner said, "She has a faith rarely seen, and she loves those children."
At some point in time, after Matthew Winkler's death, Mary Winkler fled with her daughters to the Alabama coast.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler was arrested after fleeing to the Alabama coast.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler said during a September appearance on the "Oprah Winfrey Show" that she never expected to get away with killing her husband.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler fled to be with her daughters.
At some point in time, Mary Winkler fled to "have some good times."