At some point in time, Mauro Camoranesi scored with 13 minutes left.
At some point in time, Juventus earned a 1-1 home draw with Serie A leaders Inter Milan on Sunday.
At some point in time, Julio Cruz is mobbed by team-mates after giving Inter the lead.
At some point in time, Inter Milan and Juventus drew 1-1.
At some point in time, Camoranesi picked up a headed knock-down from substitute Vincenzo Iaquinta.
At some point in time, Camoranesi's shot deflected off defender Walter Samuel.
At some point in time, Julio Cesar was left helpless by Camoranesi's shot.
At some point in time, Inter took a first-half lead.
At some point in time, Julio Cruz broke Juventus's offside trap.
At some point in time, Julio Cruz latched onto Brazilian midfielder Cesar's through ball.
At some point in time, Julio Cruz fired past Gianluigi Buffon.
At some point in time, the result means Inter retains its unbeaten record this season.
At some point in time, Inter has injury problems.
At some point in time, Patrick Vieira is ruled out due to injury.
At some point in time, Francesco Toldo is ruled out due to injury.
At some point in time, Marco Materazzi is ruled out due to injury.
At some point in time, Dejan Stankovic is ruled out due to injury.
At some point in time, Inter is now two points clear of Fiorentina at the top of the table.
At some point in time, Roma is a point further behind Inter.
At some point in time, Juventus is in fourth place.
At some point in time, Roma missed out on the chance to close the gap on Inter.
At some point in time, Roma drew 2-2 at Empoli.
At some point in time, Roma had a two-goal lead against Empoli.
At some point in time, Ludovic Giuly scored a first-half goal for Roma.
At some point in time, Matteo Brighi scored a first-half goal for Roma.
At some point in time, Roma looked set to cruise to victory for more than an hour.
At some point in time, Ighli Vannucchi reduced the deficit for Empoli.
At some point in time, Sebastian Giovinco snatched an injury time equaliser for Empoli.
At some point in time, Luciano Spaletti's team is injury-depleted.
At some point in time, Siena snatched a share of the spoils from Parma in a 2-2 draw.
At some point in time, Daniele Galloppa scored in the last minute for Siena.
At some point in time, Napoli needed an injury time goal from striker Ezequiel Lavezzi.
At some point in time, Ezequiel Lavezzi's goal denied rock-bottom Reggina their first win of the season.
At some point in time, Napoli forced Reggina to settle for a 1-1 draw.