At some point in time, one of the larger fires in Southern California was deliberately started by someone with apparent knowledge of arson.
At some point in time, Firefighter Luke Perisin sets a backfire against the Santiago Fire in Live Oak Canyon, California.
At some point in time, the Santiago Fire in Orange County was started in two places along a little-traveled road.
At some point in time, Chief Chip Prather of the county's fire authority stated that the Santiago Fire was started in brush just off Santiago Canyon Road.
The Santiago Fire was not started close to homes.
At some point in time, the Santiago Fire has burned more than 25,000 acres.
At some point in time, the Santiago Fire spread rapidly.
At some point in time, the arsonist had some knowledge of winds and other factors.
At some point in time, the Santiago Fire is a confirmed arson.
At some point in time, evidence was found at the scene of the Santiago Fire.
At some point in time, Chief Chip Prather would not describe the evidence found at the scene.
At some point in time, officials originally thought the Santiago Fire had three points of origin instead of two.
At some point in time, the points of origin of the Santiago Fire are considered crime scenes.
At some point in time, Jim Amornino is a spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff's Department.
At some point in time, the reward for information leading to an arrest has increased to $250,000.
At some point in time, the governor's office contributed $50,000 to the reward.
At some point in time, the U.S. agency of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives contributed $50,000 to the reward.
At some point in time, the FBI contributed $50,000 to the reward.
At some point in time, KFI radio contributed $100,000 to the reward.
At some point in time, the state established a toll-free arson tip line at 800-540-7085.
At some point in time, Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger stated that anyone convicted of arson would be dealt with harshly.
At some point in time, County Sheriff Mike Corona stated that if a suspect is to be found, it is going to be by a clue from the public.
At some point in time, about 1,100 firefighters were working on controlling the Santiago Fire.
At some point in time, the Santiago Fire has destroyed at least 22 structures.
At some point in time, the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection stated that the Santiago Fire was only 30 percent contained Thursday morning.
At some point in time, the Santiago Fire was 50 percent contained the day before Thursday morning.
At some point in time, the motive of the Santiago Fire's arsonist was a mystery to Kris Concepcion.
At some point in time, Kris Concepcion stated that the individual knew on Sunday when the Santiago Fire started that there were heavy Santa Ana winds.
At some point in time, Kris Concepcion stated that there were low relative humidities when the Santiago Fire started.
At some point in time, Kris Concepcion stated that there were high temperatures when the Santiago Fire started.
At some point in time, Kris Concepcion stated that starting a fire where the fire would grow rapidly is reprehensible.
At some point in time, the Santiago Fire traveled about three to three and a half miles in about an hour.
At some point in time, the smaller Rosa Fire in Riverside County was 100 percent contained at 411 acres Thursday morning.
At some point in time, state officials said the Rosa Fire was probably arson.
At some point in time, Los Angeles Fire Department investigators are looking into whether Catalino Pineda may have had a role in any of the ongoing blazes.
At some point in time, Catalino Pineda was arrested on suspicion of arson in the San Fernando Valley.
At some point in time, Catalino Pineda was arrested Wednesday.
At some point in time, witnesses told police they saw Catalino Pineda lighting a fire on a hillside in the West Hills area of San Fernando.
At some point in time, witnesses told police they saw Catalino Pineda walking away from the fire.
At some point in time, Catalino Pineda was already on probation for making excessive false emergency reports to police at the time of his arrest.
At some point in time, Catalino Pineda's bail has been set at $75,000.
At some point in time, the fire Catalino Pineda allegedly set was brought under control.
At some point in time, authorities want to find out if Catalino Pineda had any role in the other wildfires.
At some point in time, John Alfred Rund, 48, was arrested Tuesday evening.
At some point in time, John Alfred Rund was charged with setting a small fire along a rural roadside near Victorville.
At some point in time, John Alfred Rund was to be arraigned Thursday morning in Victorville.
At some point in time, John Alfred Rund was being held in lieu of $750,000 bail.
At some point in time, the county's district attorney's office filed arson charges against Anthony Riperti, 47, of Redlands.
At some point in time, the district attorney's office did not say when or where Anthony Riperti is accused of setting a fire.
At some point in time, Anthony Riperti is being held on $250,000 bail.
At some point in time, Anthony Riperti will be arraigned later Thursday.
At some point in time, the San Diego County Sheriff's Department arrested an adult and a juvenile accused of starting a fire in Vista.
At some point in time, an anonymous tipster accused the adult and juvenile of starting a fire in Vista.
At some point in time, the sheriff's department identified the adult as Gorgonio Nava.
At some point in time, the Vista Fire Department extinguished the blaze before it grew out of control.
At some point in time, investigators have determined that the Grass Valley Fire in San Bernardino County was not caused by arson.
At some point in time, a preliminary investigation into the cause of the 10,152-acre Slide Fire seems to indicate arson was not a factor.
At some point in time, Cindy Beaver is a sheriff's spokeswoman.