At some point in time, SPAM marks its 70th anniversary in 2007.
At some point in time, 2007 is the Chinese Year of the Pig.
At some point in time, the SPAM Museum is located in Austin, Minnesota.
At some point in time, a tour through the SPAM Museum is guaranteed fun for the whole canned-pork-loving family.
At some point in time, Hormel Foods opened the SPAM Museum in 2001.
At some point in time, the SPAM Museum opened to the tune of almost 5,000 cans of SPAM.
At some point in time, one of the main attractions of the SPAM Museum is a scale model of a SPAM plant.
At some point in time, visitors can don white coats and hairnets while pretending to produce SPAM.
At some point in time, the National Museum of Funeral History is located in Houston.
At some point in time, the National Museum of Funeral History opened in 1992.
At some point in time, the motto of the National Museum of Funeral History is "Any Day Above Ground is a Good One."
At some point in time, the National Museum of Funeral History includes a Civil War embalming display.
At some point in time, the National Museum of Funeral History includes a replica of a turn-of-the-century casket factory.
At some point in time, the National Museum of Funeral History boasts an exhibit of "fantasy coffins."
At some point in time, Kane Quaye is a Ghanaian artist.
At some point in time, Kane Quaye designed the "fantasy coffins" exhibit at the National Museum of Funeral History.
At some point in time, the "fantasy coffins" include a casket shaped like a chicken.
At some point in time, the "fantasy coffins" include a casket shaped like a Mercedes-Benz.
At some point in time, the "fantasy coffins" include a casket shaped like a shallot.
At some point in time, the "fantasy coffins" include a casket shaped like an outboard motor.
At some point in time, Kane Quaye's creations are based on the dreams and last wishes of his clients.
At some point in time, the Hobo Museum is located in Britt, Iowa.
At some point in time, the Hobo Museum details the history and culture of tramps.
At some point in time, the Hobo Museum is only open to the public during the annual Hobo Convention.
At some point in time, tours of the Hobo Museum can be arranged by appointment any time of year.
At some point in time, lodging is available all over the area during the Hobo Convention.
At some point in time, most attendees of the Hobo Convention will rest at the "hobo jungle."
At some point in time, the "hobo jungle" is located by the railroad tracks.
At some point in time, the Hobo Foundation operates both the Hobo Museum and the Hobo Cemetery.
At some point in time, the Hobo Cemetery is where those who have "caught the westbound" are laid to rest.
At some point in time, the Mütter Museum is located in Philadelphia.
At some point in time, the College of Physicians of Philadelphia erected the Mütter Museum.
At some point in time, the Mütter Museum informs medical students and practicing physicians about unusual medical phenomena.
At some point in time, the Mütter Museum primarily serves as a popular spot for anyone interested in the grotesque.
At some point in time, the Mütter Museum displays the world's largest colon.
At some point in time, the world's largest colon was removed from a man who died of constipation.
At some point in time, the Mütter Museum displays an OB-GYN instrument collection.
At some point in time, the Mütter Museum displays thousands of fluid-preserved anatomical and pathological specimens.
At some point in time, the Mütter Museum has a large wall dedicated entirely to swallowed objects.
At some point in time, the Barnum Museum is located in Bridgeport, Connecticut.
At some point in time, the Barnum Museum honors P.T. Barnum.
At some point in time, some visitors appreciate the Barnum Museum's detailed miniature model of a five-ring circus.
At some point in time, only circus enthusiasts will appreciate a stale piece of cake from the wedding of General Tom Thumb.
At some point in time, the Conspiracy Museum is located near the Sixth Floor Museum.
At some point in time, the Sixth Floor Museum is housed in the former Texas School Book Depository.
At some point in time, the Sixth Floor Museum recounts details of John F. Kennedy's life leading up to his death.
At some point in time, John F. Kennedy died at the hands of Lee Harvey Oswald.
At some point in time, the Conspiracy Museum specializes in showings of the Zapruder film.
At some point in time, the Conspiracy Museum explains contrary assassination theories.
At some point in time, the Conspiracy Museum includes theories about other gunmen on the grassy knoll.
At some point in time, the Conspiracy Museum includes theories about possible mafia involvement in the assassination.
At some point in time, the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices is located in St. Paul.
At some point in time, Bob McCoy is the curator of the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices.
At some point in time, Bob McCoy recently donated the collection to the Science Museum of Minnesota.
At some point in time, the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices features a collection of 19th-century phrenology machines.
At some point in time, the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices features some 1970s breast enlargers.
At some point in time, the 1930s McGregor Rejuvenator is on display at the Museum of Questionable Medical Devices.
At some point in time, the McGregor Rejuvenator required patrons to enclose their bodies in a large tube.
At some point in time, the McGregor Rejuvenator pounded patrons with magnetic and radio waves.
At some point in time, the McGregor Rejuvenator attempted to reverse the aging process.
At some point in time, Cook's Natural Science Museum is located in Decatur, Alabama.
At some point in time, Cook's Natural Science Museum began as a training facility for Cook's Pest Control exterminators.
At some point in time, Cook's Natural Science Museum tells the tale of pests.
At some point in time, visitors can learn about rats, cockroaches, mice, spiders, and termites at Cook's Natural Science Museum.
At some point in time, admission to Cook's Natural Science Museum is free.
At some point in time, most people would rather step on live specimens than learn about them.
At some point in time, the Pest of the Month exhibit at Cook's Natural Science Museum keeps reeling in patrons.
At some point in time, the Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum is located in Fort Mitchell, Kentucky.
At some point in time, William Shakespeare Berger founded the Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum.
At some point in time, the Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum is a home for retired wooden puppets.
At some point in time, William Shakespeare Berger collected figures from famous ventriloquist acts.
At some point in time, the Vent Haven Ventriloquist Museum has more than 700 dummies stacked from floor to ceiling.
At some point in time, the Trash Museum is located in Hartford, Connecticut.
At some point in time, the Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority operates the Trash Museum.
At some point in time, the Trash Museum turns garbage into 6,500 square feet of recycling entertainment.
At some point in time, visitors can tour the Temple of Trash.
At some point in time, visitors can visit the old-fashioned town dump at the Trash Museum.
At some point in time, the Children's Garbage Museum is located across the state from the Trash Museum.
At some point in time, visitors can take an educational stroll through the giant compost pile at the Children's Garbage Museum.
At some point in time, visitors can get a glimpse of the 1-ton Trash-o-saurus at the Children's Garbage Museum.
At some point in time, visitors can enjoy the company of resident compost worms at the Children's Garbage Museum.