At some point in time, a man named John Lewis is a suspect in the fatal shooting of a Philadelphia police officer.
At some point in time, John Lewis was captured at a shelter in Miami, Florida, on Tuesday.
At some point in time, Philadelphia Police Commissioner Sylvester Johnson made this statement at a news conference.
At some point in time, Miami Police Chief John Timoney was alerted by Philadelphia police about John Lewis.
At some point in time, John Lewis took a Miami-bound bus from Philadelphia.
At some point in time, officers went to a homeless shelter based on information from Miami Rescue Mission.
At some point in time, officers found John Lewis at the shelter.
At some point in time, John Lewis is 6 feet tall and weighs 270 pounds.
At some point in time, John Lewis was apprehended unarmed and without incident.
At some point in time, it did not appear that anyone in Miami was helping John Lewis.
At some point in time, Miami Police Officer Gil Gonzalez said John Lewis had a Bible and was praying when officers went to get him.
At some point in time, John Lewis had a look of guilt.
At some point in time, John Lewis had a look of shock.
At some point in time, Philadelphia Mayor John F. Street said people at the shelter recognized John Lewis from televised photos of the suspect.
At some point in time, John Lewis is suspected in the October 31 shooting of Philadelphia Police Officer Chuck Cassidy.
At some point in time, Chuck Cassidy was shot in the head.
At some point in time, Chuck Cassidy inadvertently walked into a robbery in progress at a Dunkin' Donuts.
At some point in time, Chuck Cassidy died the next day.
At some point in time, investigators told WPVI that John Lewis was spotted on security video boarding a bus to Miami on Saturday night.
At some point in time, Chuck Cassidy was one of three Philadelphia police officers shot in a four-day period last week.
At some point in time, Mariano Santiago was shot in the shoulder late last Tuesday.
At some point in time, Mariano Santiago is in fair condition.
At some point in time, Officer Sandra VanHinkle was shot early last Sunday.
At some point in time, Officer Sandra VanHinkle is out of the hospital.
At some point in time, Officer Sandra VanHinkle is doing well, according to police.
At some point in time, former co-workers of John Lewis spoke to WPVI.
At some point in time, former co-workers of John Lewis were surprised by the allegations against him.
At some point in time, Kiani Clark told the station that John Lewis was so nice.
At some point in time, Kiani Clark told the station that John Lewis was really nice.
At some point in time, Kiani Clark told the station that John Lewis did not seem like the type that would hurt a fly.
At some point in time, the Associated Press reported that John Lewis had been arrested in 2005 on drug charges.
At some point in time, the drug charges against John Lewis were withdrawn after he completed a treatment program.
At some point in time, John Lewis was arrested again in June on drug charges.
At some point in time, the case against John Lewis from June is still pending.