At some point in time, President George W. Bush vetoed a $600 billion spending bill on Tuesday.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush accused Democratic leaders of wasting money.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush accused Democratic leaders of plotting tax increases.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush took his budget fight with Congress on the road.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress should cut spending.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress should send him a responsible measure that he can sign into law.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that the majority was elected on a pledge of fiscal responsibility.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress is acting like a teenager with a new credit card.
At some point in time, The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush was laden with $10 billion in "pork."
At some point in time, The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush would have funded the departments of Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services.
At some point in time, The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush would have funded a prison museum.
At some point in time, The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush would have funded a sailing school.
At some point in time, The spending bill vetoed by President George W. Bush would have funded a program to teach Portuguese.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress needs to cut out the pork.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress needs to reduce spending.
At some point in time, Polls show that President George W. Bush's popularity remains at near-record lows.
At some point in time, Congress ranks lower than President George W. Bush as a whole.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush has taken numerous opportunities to mock the spending habits of the Democratic leadership.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush has taken numerous opportunities to force confrontations over the appropriations bills needed to fund the government for the 2008 budget year.
At some point in time, The 2008 budget year began on October 1.
At some point in time, The bill vetoed by President George W. Bush includes about $150 billion to run the departments of Labor, Education, and Health and Human Services.
At some point in time, The bill vetoed by President George W. Bush includes more than $450 billion in mandatory spending on Medicare and Medicaid.
Medicare and Medicaid are federal health care programs for the elderly and poor.
At some point in time, Representative David Obey called President George W. Bush's veto "not responsible and not credible."
At some point in time, Representative David Obey stated that the bill is a bipartisan bill supported by over 50 Republicans.
At some point in time, Representative David Obey stated that there has been virtually no criticism of the contents of the bill.
At some point in time, Representative David Obey stated that the only reason President George W. Bush vetoed the bill is pure politics.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Democrats are supporting $22 billion in additional spending beyond his budget proposals this year.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Democrats are supporting $205 billion in additional spending over five years.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that the additional spending would ultimately be raised by tax increases.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that when the bill for all that spending comes due, Congress is going to turn to the working people.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that when the bill for all that spending comes due, Congress is going to turn to small-business owners.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that when the bill for all that spending comes due, Congress is going to turn to entrepreneurs.
At some point in time, Tuesday's veto is the fifth veto cast by President George W. Bush since Democrats took control of Congress in 2006.
At some point in time, Congress has overridden one of President George W. Bush's vetoes.
At some point in time, Congress voted last week to authorize $23 billion in water projects nationwide over President George W. Bush's objections.
At some point in time, Democrats will schedule another override vote this week.
At some point in time, An aide to House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer stated that Democrats will schedule another override vote this week.
At some point in time, Antonia Ferrier is the spokeswoman for House Republican Whip Roy Blunt.
At some point in time, Antonia Ferrier stated that President George W. Bush's GOP allies are confident they will be able to sustain the veto.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush signed a $470 billion Pentagon spending bill.
At some point in time, The Pentagon spending bill covers the Defense Department's normal operations.
At some point in time, Democrats split $50 billion in spending for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan off into a "bridge fund."
At some point in time, Democrats plan to attach demands for President George W. Bush to withdraw U.S. combat troops to the "bridge fund."
At some point in time, The measure sets up another confrontation with the White House.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush demanded that Congress reform the alternative minimum tax.
The alternative minimum tax was originally aimed at preventing the wealthy from evading taxes.
At some point in time, The alternative minimum tax increasingly affects middle-class earners.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that a plan proposed by Representative Charles Rangel to eliminate the alternative minimum tax was unacceptable.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that preventing a tax increase in one area should not be an excuse for raising taxes in other areas.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress should eliminate the tax increases in the bill.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that Congress should send the alternative minimum tax relief to his desk as soon as possible.
At some point in time, The elimination of the alternative minimum tax would cause an estimated $800 billion to be lost over 10 years.
At some point in time, Representative Charles Rangel's bill would add a 4 percent surtax on individual incomes over $100,000 after deductions.
At some point in time, Representative Charles Rangel's bill would close corporate tax loopholes.
At some point in time, Representative Charles Rangel's bill would cut rates for many individual and corporate taxpayers.
At some point in time, Republicans have already started calling Representative Charles Rangel's bill "the mother of all tax increases."
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that raising taxes is one of the most unwise things Congress could possibly do.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush acknowledged the difficulties Americans face from high fuel prices.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush acknowledged the difficulties Americans face from a challenged housing market.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush acknowledged the difficulties Americans face from uncertainty in financial markets stemming from the collapse of the subprime mortgage market.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that the economy is resilient.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush stated that it is important for the American people to understand that the economy is resilient.