At some point in time, the drought in the Southeastern United States affects the residents of Orme, Tennessee.
At some point in time, water flows from the taps in Orme, Tennessee, for just three hours each evening.
At some point in time, a 1961 firetruck loads up with water from a hydrant in Alabama.
At some point in time, the 1961 firetruck hauls water back to Orme, Tennessee.
At some point in time, the mountain spring that supplies water to Orme usually dries up at the end of summer.
At some point in time, the mountain spring that supplies water to Orme dries up for just a few days at the end of summer.
At some point in time, the mountain spring that supplies water to Orme dried up early on August 1 this year.
At some point in time, the mountain spring that supplies water to Orme has not revived since August 1 this year.
At some point in time, the town of Orme has 145 residents.
At some point in time, the residents of Orme rely on water trucked in from Alabama.
At some point in time, Orme Mayor Tony Reames turns a big valve at 6 p.m. to release water from the town's tank.
At some point in time, Orme Mayor Tony Reames turns a crank at 9 p.m. to stop the water flow from the town's tank.
At some point in time, taps in the town of Orme run dry at 9 p.m.
At some point in time, Orme resident Debbie Cash said that when the water is turned back on, the residents jump for joy.
At some point in time, Orme residents only have water for three hours each evening.
At some point in time, residents of Orme have three hours to do all the laundry, bathing, dishwashing, and animal watering that has to be done.
At some point in time, the old mining town of Orme could be a warning sign for the rest of the region.
At some point in time, the 4.5 million people who live in and around Atlanta, Georgia, are watching water levels go down at their major reservoir.
At some point in time, the drought has highlighted a struggle between Georgia, Alabama, and Florida over rights to water from the Chattahoochee River.
At some point in time, Orme Mayor Tony Reames said that people on the river systems should take note of drying streams and tributaries.
At some point in time, volunteers take turns three days a week driving a tanker truck to a hydrant near Bridgeport, Alabama.
At some point in time, the hydrant near Bridgeport, Alabama, is 2½ miles down the road from Orme.
At some point in time, volunteers make several round trips to haul about 25,000 gallons of water back to Orme each day.
At some point in time, Bridgeport gets its water from the Tennessee River.
At some point in time, Bridgeport does not charge Orme for water.
At some point in time, Stevenson and New Hope, Alabama, occasionally bring trucks full of water to the hydrant.
At some point in time, a pipeline from Bridgeport is nearly complete.
At some point in time, the pipeline from Bridgeport was built with the help of a $378,000 grant from the federal government.
At some point in time, Orme resident Debbie Cash said that with the new water coming in, the residents will have it made.
At some point in time, Orme residents will not have to worry about water once the new pipeline is complete.
At some point in time, an Austin, Texas, company called H2O Guard is planning to donate water-saving sink aerators to everyone in Orme.
At some point in time, H2O Guard is planning to donate water-saving shower heads to everyone in Orme.
At some point in time, H2O Guard is planning to donate toilet valves to everyone in Orme.
At some point in time, H2O Guard's company spokesman Robert Easter said that they think they will achieve another 90 gallons' savings per day per household.
At some point in time, the water tower in Orme will go from three hours to four hours without any change in anyone's habits.
At some point in time, Orme residents have found creative ways to conserve water.
At some point in time, Orme residents flush toilets with condensation water from air conditioners.
At some point in time, Orme residents flush toilets with undrinkable water from swimming pools.
At some point in time, Orme residents filled swimming pools early in the summer.
At some point in time, Orme resident Debbie Cash said that people should cherish the water they have.
At some point in time, Orme resident Debbie Cash said that people should be careful with water.
At some point in time, Orme resident Debbie Cash said that people never know if they will be out of water.