At some point in time, a young girl was raped while in the care of a babysitter hired by the girl's mother.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, of Nevada is being sought as a suspect in the videotaped rape of the young girl.
At some point in time, the girl's mother did not know her daughter had ever been victimized.
At some point in time, the girl's mother was oblivious to efforts to find her until last Friday.
At some point in time, a family friend called the girl's mother and said, "My God, you need to turn on the TV.
At some point in time, I believe that is your daughter." The girl's mother recognized the suspect, Chester Arthur Stiles, 37, a former animal trainer.
At some point in time, the abuse most likely occurred while the girl's mother was at work.
At some point in time, the girl's mother is a single woman working six days a week.
At some point in time, the attorney knows who the babysitter is but will not release that information because of the ongoing investigation.
At some point in time, the girl is now 7 years old.
At some point in time, the girl was 3 years old at the time the video was made.
At some point in time, the attorney stated that the abuse occurred before the girl was 3 years old.
At some point in time, the girl's mother asked that the news media leave the family alone.
At some point in time, the girl's mother requested the press to respect her family's privacy.
At some point in time, the girl's mother requested the press to not attempt to contact her daughter or herself.
At some point in time, the girl's mother is cooperating with investigators.
At some point in time, the girl's mother stated that her daughter "is safe and healthy." The girl's videotaped rape set off a nationwide search last week.
At some point in time, the girl was found Friday with family in Las Vegas, Nevada, after thousands of tips poured in.
At some point in time, professionals have evaluated the girl, and she appears to be "healthy and fine and happy." The lawyer stated that neither he nor the girl's mother has watched the videotape.
At some point in time, the girl's mother is not thankful to the news media for having published the girl's picture.
At some point in time, the lawyer hopes the man in the tape is brought to justice.
At some point in time, the lawyer referred to a desired outcome as "Wild-West justice." The intense manhunt for Chester Arthur Stiles continued Tuesday.
At some point in time, Tina Allen, Stiles' former girlfriend, thinks she is the reason Stiles came in contact with the girl.
At some point in time, Tina Allen is "mortified" by the allegations against Stiles.
At some point in time, Tina Allen and Chester Arthur Stiles were in an on-again, off-again relationship for 10 years until recently.
At some point in time, Tina Allen called off the relationship with Chester Arthur Stiles.
At some point in time, Chester Arthur Stiles claimed he had been in the Navy.
At some point in time, Tina Allen was looking for a strong guy to represent to her sons what she thought they needed to be.
At some point in time, Tina Allen took Chester Arthur Stiles to a crowded apartment where her son and daughter lived.
At some point in time, a family friend and her daughter, who allegedly was victimized by Chester Arthur Stiles, also lived in the apartment.
At some point in time, Tina Allen is disgusted by the alleged rape.
At some point in time, Tina Allen feels ashamed, embarrassed, and mortified by the alleged rape.
At some point in time, Tina Allen regrets every step she ever took regarding Chester Arthur Stiles.
At some point in time, Tina Allen feels bad for the baby.
At some point in time, the FBI is seeking Chester Arthur Stiles in a separate matter involving state charges of sexual assault and lewdness with a minor under the age of 14.
At some point in time, Pahrump, Nevada, is about 60 miles west of Las Vegas.
At some point in time, a man found the tape in the desert and held it for at least five months before handing it over to authorities.
At some point in time, the man turned himself in Sunday to Nye County officials.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck is a Nevada resident who allegedly showed the tape to others before giving it to police.
At some point in time, Darren Tuck faces charges of exhibiting pornography and possession of child pornography.