At some point in time, conditions that created what California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger dubbed "the perfect storm for fire" eased on Wednesday.
At some point in time, firefighters gained ground against devastating Southern California wildfires on Wednesday.
At some point in time, a plane dropped fire retardant on the fourth day of a wildfire pushed by winds through Pauma Valley, California.
At some point in time, winds that gusted as much as 101 mph on Sunday dropped to about 30 mph on Wednesday evening.
At some point in time, the dry Santa Ana winds changed direction and began blowing inland from the Pacific Ocean.
At some point in time, the change in wind direction increased the humidity.
At some point in time, the change in wind direction eased the burden on almost 8,900 firefighters in the area.
At some point in time, the destruction from the wildfires was taking its toll on the men and women on the front lines of the fires.
At some point in time, firefighter Andy Menshek stated that it hurts firefighters to have homes lost.
At some point in time, firefighter Andy Menshek stated that it hurts firefighters to have injuries.
At some point in time, firefighter Andy Menshek stated that it is frustrating for firefighters to watch the community be devastated by the fires.
At some point in time, officials allowed people to return to communities that had been off-limits because of intense flames and dense smoke.
At some point in time, Mark Davis's two-story Rancho Bernardo house burned to the ground.
At some point in time, Mark Davis stated that his house was home.
At some point in time, Mark Davis stated that he had been in his house for 28 years.
At some point in time, Mark Davis stated that his house had a lot of his flavor.
At some point in time, the change in the weather allowed firefighting aircraft to finally fly.
At some point in time, California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection Capt. Scott McLean called the droning sound of aircraft the "sound of joy."
At some point in time, Capt. Scott McLean stated that the drops from aircraft are hitting their mark because the wind is not there.
At some point in time, the rate of burning had slowed significantly by Wednesday.
At some point in time, the fire damage increased to 434,543 acres by Wednesday.
At some point in time, the increase in fire damage amounted to 679 square miles.
At some point in time, the increase in fire damage is about 10 times the size of Washington, D.C.
At some point in time, by Wednesday evening, the largest fire, the Witch in northern San Diego County, was 10 percent contained.
At some point in time, the Witch fire burned about 196,000 acres before combining with the smaller Poomacha blaze.
At some point in time, seven fires among the 22 counted on Wednesday were contained.
At some point in time, the Buckweed Fire in Los Angeles County was as much as 94 percent contained.
At some point in time, one large fire was a suspected arson.
At some point in time, the FBI and the Orange County Fire Authority are investigating the Santiago fire.
At some point in time, the Santiago fire has burned more than 19,000 acres.
At some point in time, all three points of origin of the Santiago fire have been declared crime scenes.
At some point in time, Jim Amornino is a spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff's Department.
At some point in time, a $70,000 reward is being offered for any information leading to the arrest of those responsible for setting the Santiago fire.
At some point in time, the Santiago fire was about 50 percent contained after destroying 17 structures.
At some point in time, the smaller Rosa fire in Riverside County was 70 percent contained at just over 400 acres.
At some point in time, the Rosa fire was also probably arson, according to state officials.
At some point in time, residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding San Diego as the fire danger eased.
At some point in time, the neighborhoods surrounding San Diego include Del Mar Highlands, Encinitas, Solana Beach, Carmel Valley, Chula Vista, and Otay Mesa.
At some point in time, helicopters were back in the air over the Lake Arrowhead, California, area after all air activity had been suspended because of extremely smoky skies.
At some point in time, CNN's Ted Rowlands stood in the midst of charred, smoldering rubble in Running Springs.
At some point in time, the rubble in Running Springs was strewn with potentially deadly power lines.
At some point in time, Ted Rowlands stated that it will be a while before people will come back to Running Springs.
At some point in time, Ted Rowlands stated that when people do come back, they will have charred rubble to look at.
At some point in time, about 500 homes were lost in the mountainous region in San Bernardino County east of Los Angeles.
At some point in time, the fires have already destroyed 1,664 structures.
At some point in time, the fires have already destroyed 1,436 homes.
At some point in time, the fires still threaten 25,000 more structures, according to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.
At some point in time, the blazes have killed three people.
At some point in time, the blazes have left 40 people hurt, according to Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.
At some point in time, the governor will fly over the area on Thursday with President Bush.
At some point in time, President Bush signed a major disaster declaration on Wednesday.
At some point in time, the major disaster declaration will speed federal dollars to people whose property losses are not covered by insurance.
At some point in time, the major disaster declaration will help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response.
At some point in time, the cost of homes destroyed by the wildfires is likely to top $1 billion in San Diego County alone, according to an emergency official.
At some point in time, federal help keeps arriving.
At some point in time, officials promise a response based on lessons learned from Hurricane Katrina.
At some point in time, people left homeless by the fires can go online to apply for federal help at FEMA.gov.
At some point in time, there were 76,000 people staying in the 42 shelters opened in San Diego County on Wednesday morning.
At some point in time, San Diego emergency spokeswoman Lynda Pfieffer provided the number of people staying in shelters.
At some point in time, Qualcomm Stadium housed 11,000 evacuees at the peak of the disaster.
At some point in time, the number of evacuees at Qualcomm Stadium dropped to 5,000 on Wednesday morning.