At some point in time, drivers were on the Minneapolis bridge when it collapsed.
At some point in time, the Minneapolis bridge completely gave way.
At some point in time, the Minneapolis bridge fell all the way down.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau experienced a 30- to 35-foot free fall.
At some point in time, there were cars in the water.
At some point in time, there were cars on fire.
At some point in time, the whole bridge was down.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau's back was injured.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau determined he could move around.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau realized there was a school bus right next to him.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau and a couple of other guys started lifting kids off the bridge.
At some point in time, the kids were yelling.
At some point in time, the kids were screaming.
At some point in time, the kids were bleeding.
At some point in time, there were some broken bones among the kids.
Dr. John Hink is an emergency room physician.
At some point in time, Dr. John Hink jumped into his car and rushed to the scene in 15 minutes.
At some point in time, Dr. John Hink arrived at the south side of the bridge.
At some point in time, Dr. John Hink stood on the riverbank.
At some point in time, Dr. John Hink saw dozens of people lying dazed on an expansive deck.
At some point in time, the people were in the middle of the Mississippi River.
At some point in time, the Mississippi River was churning fast.
At some point in time, Dr. John Hink had no way of getting to the people.
At some point in time, Dr. John Hink went to the north side of the bridge.
At some point in time, there was easier access to people on the north side of the bridge.
At some point in time, ambulances were having a hard time driving down to the river.
At some point in time, volunteers, EMTs, and other officials managed to get 55 people into ambulances in less than two hours.
At some point in time, a pickup truck with a medic inside occasionally drove to get an injured person.
At some point in time, the medic brought injured people back up to even ground.
At some point in time, the rescue effort was controlled and organized.
At some point in time, the bridge collapsed quickly.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau could see the whole bridge as it was going down.
At some point in time, the bridge gave a rumble real quick.
At some point in time, the bridge fell completely to the ground.
At some point in time, there was dust everywhere when the bridge fell.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau's pickup truck was dangling over the edge of a broken-off section of the bridge.
At some point in time, several vehicles slid past Gary Babineau into the water.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau stayed in his car for one or two seconds.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau saw a couple of cars fall.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau stayed in his car until the cars quit falling for a second.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau got out of his car real quick.
At some point in time, behind Gary Babineau's truck was just a hole.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau helped a woman off of the bridge.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau wanted off the bridge.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau ran over to the school bus.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau started grabbing kids and handing them down.
At some point in time, there was complete chaos on the bridge.
At some point in time, most of the children were crying or screaming.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau and other rescuers set the children on the ground.
At some point in time, the children were told to run to the riverbank.
At some point in time, a few children needed to be carried because of their injuries.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau had no rescue training.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau knew what he had to do at the moment.
Melissa Hughes is 32 years old.
At some point in time, Melissa Hughes was driving home when the western edge of the bridge collapsed under her.
At some point in time, Melissa Hughes felt the free-fall feeling twice.
At some point in time, a pickup landed on top of Melissa Hughes's car.
At some point in time, Melissa Hughes was not hurt.
At some point in time, Melissa Hughes had no idea there was a vehicle on her car.
At some point in time, Melissa Hughes described the situation as surreal.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau thought he was dead on the way down.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau literally thought he was dead.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau's truck was completely face down.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau's truck was pointed toward the ground.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau's truck got ripped in half.
At some point in time, Gary Babineau's truck was folded in half.
Gary Babineau cannot believe he is alive.
At some point in time, Bernie Toivonen's vehicle was on a part of the bridge that ended up tilted at a 45-degree angle.
At some point in time, Bernie Toivonen knew the deck was going down.
At some point in time, Bernie Toivonen thought he was going to die.
At some point in time, after the bridge settled, Bernie Toivonen's car remained upright.
At some point in time, Bernie Toivonen put his car in park.
At some point in time, Bernie Toivonen turned the key off.
At some point in time, Bernie Toivonen said, "Oh, I'm alive."