At some point in time, the disappearance of Stacy Peterson is being treated as a potential homicide.
At some point in time, Drew Peterson is a suspect in the disappearance of Stacy Peterson.
Stacy Peterson has been missing from her suburban Chicago home since October 28.
At some point in time, a judge signed an order to exhume the body of Drew Peterson's third wife.
Drew Peterson's third wife was found drowned in a bathtub in 2004.
At some point in time, Will County State Attorney James Glasgow stated that Drew Peterson last spoke to Stacy Peterson on the night of October 28.
At some point in time, Drew Peterson is 53 years old.
At some point in time, Stacy Peterson is 23 years old.
At some point in time, Drew Peterson and Stacy Peterson have been married for four years.
At some point in time, Drew Peterson and Stacy Peterson have two children.
At some point in time, the two children of Drew Peterson and Stacy Peterson have been interviewed for the investigation.
At some point in time, Drew Peterson has older children from a previous marriage.
At some point in time, investigators have searched the couple's home and vehicles twice.
At some point in time, investigators removed several items, including computers, from the couple's home and vehicles.
At some point in time, Drew Peterson allowed a limited search of the couple's home on the night Stacy Peterson was reported missing.
At some point in time, investigators were not allowed to look throughout the entire house during the limited search.
At some point in time, investigators were given access to only one of the vehicles during the limited search.
At some point in time, Illinois State Police Captain Carl Dobrich stated that Drew Peterson has gone from being a person of interest to being a suspect.
At some point in time, new information during the investigation raised questions about the death of Kathleen Savio.
Kathleen Savio's death was ruled an accident by a coroner's jury.
At some point in time, James Glasgow stated there are strong indications that Kathleen Savio's death was a homicide.
At some point in time, tests need to be done on Kathleen Savio's body that were not done during the first autopsy.
At some point in time, Glasgow cited abrasions on Kathleen Savio's body.
At some point in time, Glasgow cited a gash on Kathleen Savio's head that could not be readily explained.
At some point in time, the main thrust of the investigation is to determine whether or not Kathleen Savio's death was a homicide.
At some point in time, Glasgow reviewed the case file before deciding to reopen the case of Kathleen Savio's death.
At some point in time, Glasgow has 29 years of experience.
At some point in time, Glasgow stated there was no doubt in his mind that Kathleen Savio's death was not an accident.
In 2002, Kathleen Savio was charged once with battery against Drew Peterson.
In 2002, Kathleen Savio was charged once with domestic battery against Drew Peterson.
Kathleen Savio was found not guilty at trial for the charges against her.
At some point in time, Kathleen Savio tried to bring domestic battery charges against Drew Peterson.
At some point in time, no charges were ever filed against Drew Peterson regarding Kathleen Savio's domestic battery allegations.
At some point in time, Sue Doman stated that Kathleen Savio expressed fear of Drew Peterson.
At some point in time, Kathleen Savio told Sue Doman that Drew Peterson was going to kill her.
At some point in time, Kathleen Savio said it was going to look like an accident.
At some point in time, Sue Doman does not believe Kathleen Savio could have died in the way the investigation concluded.
At some point in time, Sue Doman does not understand accidental drowning.
At some point in time, Sue Doman stated that one does not drown in a bathtub, especially a small whirlpool.
At some point in time, friends and family of Stacy Peterson stated she expressed concerns about Drew Peterson.
At some point in time, Steve Cesare received an email from Stacy Peterson describing her relationship as abusive.
At some point in time, Candace Aikin stated that Stacy Peterson confided in her about problems in her marriage.
At some point in time, Stacy Peterson said she was afraid of Drew Peterson.
At some point in time, Stacy Peterson stated that Drew Peterson was following her around 24/7, even inside the house.
At some point in time, Candace Aikin stated that Drew Peterson was very obsessed and stalking Stacy Peterson, even inside the house.
At some point in time, Stacy Peterson was very full of stress.
At some point in time, Stacy Peterson was not happy in her marriage.