At some point in time, Novak Djokovic crashed out of the Paris Masters.
At some point in time, Fabrice Santoro defeated Novak Djokovic in his opening match.
At some point in time, Fabrice Santoro won the match with a score of 6-3 6-2.
Fabrice Santoro is 34 years old.
At some point in time, Fabrice Santoro beat Andy Roddick at the Lyon Grand Prix last week.
At some point in time, Fabrice Santoro's victory against Novak Djokovic was a shock.
At some point in time, the match between Novak Djokovic and Fabrice Santoro was the first time the two players had met.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic's last match was a loss to David Nalbandian in the semifinals of the Madrid Masters.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic's last match occurred two weeks ago.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic has qualified for the season-ending Masters Cup.
At some point in time, the Masters Cup will take place in Shanghai starting next month.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic stated that he was struggling following dental surgery.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic had two wisdom teeth removed.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic claimed he could not give 100 percent in the match.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic claimed he could not give even 30 percent of his possibilities in the match.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic stated that Fabrice Santoro deserved to win.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic is still on medications.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic did not practice for a whole week before the match.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic only started practicing two days before the match.
At some point in time, Novak Djokovic stated that he is not feeling physically good.
At some point in time, Andy Murray won his first match in Paris.
At some point in time, Andy Murray is a rising British star.
At some point in time, Andy Murray is seeking an unexpected place at the Masters Cup.
At some point in time, Andy Murray beat Jarkko Nieminen of Finland with a score of 7-6 (7-5) 6-3.
At some point in time, Andy Murray progressed into the third round of the Paris Masters.
At some point in time, Andy Murray has missed three months this season due to a wrist injury.
At some point in time, Andy Murray trails Tommy Haas by just three points.
At some point in time, Tommy Haas holds the eighth and final place for the Masters Cup.
At some point in time, Andy Murray has not beaten Novak Djokovic in three meetings.
At some point in time, Andy Murray has never played against Fabrice Santoro.
At some point in time, ninth seed Tommy Haas will play Janko Tipsarevic in the second round.
At some point in time, Tommy Haas has struggled with illness and injury this year.
At some point in time, Andy Murray won his second title this year at the St Petersburg Open.
At some point in time, Andy Murray made a confident start against Jarkko Nieminen.
At some point in time, Andy Murray showed little sign of a stiff back after a minor car crash on Monday.
At some point in time, Andy Murray held his serve to love against Jarkko Nieminen.
At some point in time, Jarkko Nieminen was beaten in the final of the Swiss Indoors event by Roger Federer last weekend.
At some point in time, Andy Murray struggled for his best form as the first set went to a tiebreak.
At some point in time, Andy Murray was broken just one point after having a winner overturned.
At some point in time, Andy Murray leveled the match immediately after being broken.
At some point in time, Andy Murray broke Jarkko Nieminen again to win a third successive game.
At some point in time, defending champion Nikolay Davydenko beat Juan Del Potro in his opening match.
At some point in time, Nikolay Davydenko won the match with a score of 7-6 (7-3) 6-1.
At some point in time, Nikolay Davydenko is the fourth seed.
At some point in time, Nikolay Davydenko is one of six players who have already qualified for Shanghai.
At some point in time, Nikolay Davydenko will next face Marcos Baghdatis in round three.
At some point in time, Marcos Baghdatis shocked 13th seed Ivan Ljubicic.
At some point in time, Ivo Karlovic broke Roger Federer's serve for the first time in his life.
Roger Federer is the top seed and world number one.
At some point in time, Roger Federer progressed in a late match on Wednesday.
At some point in time, Ivo Karlovic went down to Roger Federer with a score of 6-4 4-6 6-3.
Ivo Karlovic is the tallest man in tennis at 2.08 meters.
At some point in time, Roger Federer played at the Bercy event for the first time since 2003.
At some point in time, Roger Federer had gone 67 service games over four previous matches without a loss.
At some point in time, Ivo Karlovic ended Roger Federer's streak of service games without a loss.
At some point in time, Roger Federer broke Ivo Karlovic to start the final set.
At some point in time, Roger Federer rolled ahead against Ivo Karlovic.
At some point in time, Roger Federer had just beaten Ivo Karlovic days earlier in the Basel semifinals.
At some point in time, Rafael Nadal reached the third round after defeating Filippo Volandri.
At some point in time, Rafael Nadal won the match against Filippo Volandri with a score of 6-3 6-1.
At some point in time, Rafael Nadal will next play Stanislas Wawrinka of Switzerland.
At some point in time, Stanislas Wawrinka won his match against Juan Ignacio Chela with a score of 6-3 6-1.