At some point in time, Tony Snow is undergoing treatment for cancer.
At some point in time, Tony Snow will step down from his post on September 14.
At some point in time, Dana Perino will replace Tony Snow as White House press secretary.
At some point in time, President Bush will "sadly accept" Tony Snow's resignation.
At some point in time, President Bush spoke warmly of Tony Snow in the White House press room.
At some point in time, President Bush said it has been a joy to watch Tony Snow spar with reporters.
At some point in time, President Bush is certain that Tony Snow will battle cancer and win.
At some point in time, President Bush is certain that Tony Snow will be a solid contributor to society.
At some point in time, President Bush told Tony Snow, "I love you, and I wish you all the best."
At some point in time, Tony Snow is leaving his job to earn more money.
At some point in time, Tony Snow took a big pay cut when he left his previous jobs as anchor and political analyst for Fox News.
At some point in time, Tony Snow makes $168,000 as the White House spokesman.
At some point in time, Tony Snow's family took out a loan when he started the job as White House spokesman.
Tony Snow's family loan is now gone.
At some point in time, Tony Snow said this job has really been a dream for him.
At some point in time, Tony Snow has had an enormous amount of fun and satisfaction in his job.
At some point in time, Tony Snow will continue to speak out on issues.
At some point in time, Tony Snow will do some radio and some TV after leaving his job.
At some point in time, Tony Snow does not anticipate full-time anchor duties after leaving his job.
At some point in time, Tony Snow has received great satisfaction from talking to people about his illness.
At some point in time, Tony Snow's cancer was diagnosed for the first time in February 2005.
At some point in time, Tony Snow's colon was removed.
At some point in time, Doctors said Tony Snow's cancer was in remission after six months of treatment.
At some point in time, Perino announced on March 27 that Tony Snow's cancer had recurred.
At some point in time, Doctors removed a growth from Tony Snow's abdomen the day before March 27.
At some point in time, Sources told CNN two weeks ago that Tony Snow was planning to leave his job.
At some point in time, Tony Snow was possibly planning to leave his job as early as September.
At some point in time, President Bush tapped Tony Snow to replace Scott McClellan in April 2006.
At some point in time, Tony Snow had been an anchor for "Fox News Sunday."
At some point in time, Tony Snow had been a political analyst for the Fox News Channel.
At some point in time, Tony Snow joined the Fox News Channel in 1996.
At some point in time, Tony Snow hosted "The Tony Snow Show" on Fox News Radio.
At some point in time, Tony Snow's health is improving.
At some point in time, Two medical tests this month found that Tony Snow's cancer has not spread.
At some point in time, The tumors are stable and are not growing according to Tony Snow.
At some point in time, There are no new growths according to Tony Snow.
At some point in time, Tony Snow's health is good.
At some point in time, Tony Snow's hair has turned gray during chemotherapy treatment.
At some point in time, Tony Snow's black hair is expected to grow back in about a month.
At some point in time, Tony Snow is putting on weight again after returning from a 10-day vacation.
At some point in time, Tony Snow feels very good about his health situation.
At some point in time, Tony Snow was to see his oncologist on Friday.
At some point in time, Tony Snow and his oncologist will decide on some minor forms of chemotherapy to start as maintenance treatment.