At some point in time, Reuters is a global information company.
At some point in time, Reuters provides material tailored for professionals in the financial services market.
At some point in time, Reuters provides material tailored for professionals in the media market.
At some point in time, Reuters provides material tailored for professionals in the corporate market.
At some point in time, Reuters' information is trusted.
At some point in time, Reuters' information drives decision making across the globe.
At some point in time, in October 1851, Paul Julius Reuter opened an office in the City of London.
At some point in time, Paul Julius Reuter was a German-born immigrant.
At some point in time, Paul Julius Reuter's office transmitted stock market quotations between London and Paris.
At some point in time, Paul Julius Reuter transmitted stock market quotations via the new Calais-Dover cable.
At some point in time, eighteen months before October 1851, Paul Julius Reuter used pigeons to fly stock prices between Aachen and Brussels.
At some point in time, the service using pigeons operated for a year.
At some point in time, the service using pigeons ended when the gap in the telegraph link was closed.
At some point in time, Reuters eventually extended its service to other European countries.
At some point in time, Reuters expanded its content to include general news from around the world.
At some point in time, Reuters expanded its content to include economic news from around the world.
At some point in time, in 1865, Reuters was first in Europe with news of President Lincoln's assassination.
At some point in time, President Lincoln was assassinated in the United States.
At some point in time, as overland telegraph and undersea cable facilities developed, Reuters expanded its business beyond Europe.
At some point in time, Reuters included the Far East in its business in 1872.
At some point in time, Reuters included South America in its business in 1874.
At some point in time, in 1883, Reuters began to use a "column printer" to transmit messages electrically.
At some point in time, Reuters transmitted messages electrically to London newspapers in 1883.
At some point in time, in 1923, Reuters pioneered the use of radio to transmit news internationally.
At some point in time, in 1927, Reuters brought in the teleprinter to distribute news to London newspapers.
At some point in time, today, Reuters has over 16,900 staff.
At some point in time, today, Reuters operates in over 94 countries.
At some point in time, Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency.
At some point in time, Reuters has 196 bureaux.
At some point in time, Reuters serves approximately 131 countries.
At some point in time, in 2006, Reuters filed over two and a half million news items.
At some point in time, in 2006, Reuters filed 656,500 alerts.
At some point in time, in 2006, Reuters filed news items from 209 countries.
At some point in time, in 2006, Reuters published news items in 18 languages.
At some point in time, more than 90% of Reuters' revenue derives from its financial services business.
At some point in time, some 370,000 financial market professionals use Reuters products.
At some point in time, the financial market professionals work in the equities market.
At some point in time, the financial market professionals work in the fixed income market.
At some point in time, the financial market professionals work in the foreign exchange market.
At some point in time, the financial market professionals work in the money market.
At some point in time, the financial market professionals work in the commodities market.
At some point in time, the financial market professionals work in the energy market.
At some point in time, Reuters supplies news to media organizations across the globe.
At some point in time, Reuters supplies text to media organizations.
At some point in time, Reuters supplies graphics to media organizations.
At some point in time, Reuters supplies video to media organizations.
At some point in time, Reuters supplies pictures to media organizations.
At some point in time, Reuters provides news to businesses outside the financial services sector.
At some point in time, Reuters provides news directly to consumers.