At some point in time, shoes are called "pumps."
At some point in time, pointed-toe shoes were favored by Polish nobles.
At some point in time, Polish nobles introduced pointed-toe shoes to England on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s.
At some point in time, the shoes favored by Polish nobles were dubbed "crackowes" or "poulaines."
At some point in time, the term "crackowes" or "poulaines" is derived from Kraków, Poland.
At some point in time, the pointed shoes were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required.
At some point in time, in 1363, the English attempted to regulate the length of shoes by law.
At some point in time, the law assigned shoe spans to social classes in England.
At some point in time, commoners could wear footwear with toes of up to six inches in length.
At some point in time, those in the royal ranks were allowed shoes with a full length of two feet.
At some point in time, Lisa Lindahl was a University of Vermont student in 1977.
At some point in time, Lisa Lindahl was running 30 miles a week in 1977.
At some point in time, Lisa Lindahl's bra was not holding up in 1977.
At some point in time, Lisa Lindahl sewed together two jock straps.
At some point in time, the sports bra was invented by Lisa Lindahl and her classmates.
At some point in time, Lisa Lindahl and her classmates founded the company Jogbra a year after inventing the sports bra.
At some point in time, almost 40,000 sports bras are sold annually.
At some point in time, Mary Jane shoes are named after a character in "Buster Brown."
At some point in time, "Buster Brown" is a children's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s.
At some point in time, Mary Jane was either Buster Brown's sweetheart or sister.
At some point in time, gabardine is a water-repellent fabric invented by Burberry.
At some point in time, the word "gabardine" was first mentioned by Shakespeare.
At some point in time, Shakespeare used the word "gabardine" in The Merchant of Venice.
At some point in time, Shakespeare referred to a coarse cloak worn as protection from storms.
At some point in time, during World War I, British officers on the front lines wore a uniform coat made of gabardine.
At some point in time, the original Burberry trench coat was made of gabardine.
At some point in time, evidence exists that Sumerian women wore pierced earrings as early as 2500 B.C.
At some point in time, Sumerian women wore gold half-moon hoops as earrings.
At some point in time, men have been wearing earrings since ancient Egypt.
At some point in time, earrings were introduced to men in ancient Egypt around 1500 B.C.
At some point in time, Lilly Pulitzer opened a juice stand in 1959.
At some point in time, Lilly Pulitzer was a bored Palm Beach socialite.
At some point in time, Lilly Pulitzer found that citrus concoctions discolored her clothes.
At some point in time, Lilly Pulitzer instructed her dressmaker to create a uniform to camouflage bright stains.
At some point in time, the "Lilly" design consists of sleeveless cotton shifts in vibrant prints.
At some point in time, the "Lilly" design was an instant hit with customers.
At some point in time, customers began placing more orders for dresses than juice.
At some point in time, the term "pump" first appeared in England in 1550.
At some point in time, male servants in England sported the style of shoes called pumps.
At some point in time, the noise made by male servants wearing loose-fitting shoes resembled the sound of a water pump.
At some point in time, the word "sneaker" entered the English language in the 1870s.
At some point in time, rubber soles made sneakers quiet.
At some point in time, the modern usage of the word "stiletto" debuted in 1953.
At some point in time, the word "stiletto" is a Renaissance-era Italian word for an assassin's narrow-bladed knife.
At some point in time, the pointy heels of stilettos were difficult to walk on wooden floors.
At some point in time, umbrellas were used exclusively to shade the heads of dignitaries for thousands of years.
At some point in time, umbrellas were used in Egypt, China, Japan, Mesopotamia, and India.
At some point in time, umbrellas were not employed in inclement weather until the late 17th and early 18th centuries.
At some point in time, advances in manufacturing made umbrellas lightweight and portable after another hundred years.
At some point in time, bikinis were named after the nuclear-testing site Bikini Atoll.
At some point in time, bikinis first appeared in 1946.
At some point in time, American women thought bikinis were immodest when they first appeared.
At some point in time, bikinis were accepted in American culture in the 1960s.
At some point in time, the hit song "Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini" possibly helped the acceptance of bikinis.
At some point in time, French cuffs were said to be designed to be used as handkerchiefs in combat.
At some point in time, French royalty invented the style of French cuffs in the 1500s.
At some point in time, flowing sleeves were the rage among French royalty in the 1500s.
At some point in time, nobles tied their sleeves back with fasteners in the 1500s.
At some point in time, the English refer to French cuffs as "double cuffs."
At some point in time, ladies once stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing.
At some point in time, the little waist sack was an early ancestor of the fanny pack.
At some point in time, ladies accessed the little waist sack through slits in their skirts.
At some point in time, around 1800, thinner, silkier fabrics and slimmer cuts became fashionable for women.
At some point in time, women could no longer hide bulging sacks around their midsections around 1800.
At some point in time, women began carrying their belongings in small pocketbooks instead of waist sacks.
At some point in time, in the 16th century, "drawers" became a common term for both men's and women's underpants.
At some point in time, drawers were made of linen.
At some point in time, the items referred to as drawers looked more or less interchangeable in the 16th century.
At some point in time, decorative lace trim started appearing on undergarments in the middle of the 19th century.
At some point in time, underwear earned the nickname "drawers" because it describes the way people put them on.
At some point in time, people draw up and over their lower body when putting on underwear.