At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton remains the person to beat in the presidential election.
At some point in time, a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll suggests that Senator Hillary Clinton dominates the race for the Democratic presidential nomination.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton comes out ahead when voters are asked whether they prefer her or former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton's path to the White House is uncertain.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton was criticized for her performance during a debate last week.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton's rivals for the Democratic nomination have stepped up attacks on her position on Iraq, Iran, and other major issues.
At some point in time, Republican presidential candidates have stepped up their attacks on Senator Hillary Clinton.
At some point in time, each Republican presidential candidate suggests that he has the best chance of stopping Senator Hillary Clinton.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton's support has slipped from its height one month ago.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton's strength is about where it was throughout the summer.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton has lost the support she gained last month.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama has not yet cut into Senator Hillary Clinton's core constituency.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton is the top choice of 44 percent of likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll.
At some point in time, Senator Barack Obama is the top choice of 25 percent of likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll.
At some point in time, Former Senator John Edwards is the top choice of 14 percent of likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll.
At some point in time, all other Democratic candidates were in single digits in the poll.
At some point in time, New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson was backed by 4 percent of likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll.
At some point in time, Senator Joe Biden of Delaware was backed by 3 percent of likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll.
At some point in time, Senator Christopher Dodd was backed by 2 percent of likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll.
At some point in time, Ohio Representative Dennis Kucinich was backed by 2 percent of likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll.
At some point in time, Former Alaska Senator Mike Gravel was backed by 1 percent of likely Democratic voters interviewed for the poll.
At some point in time, the poll involved 467 interviews conducted on November 2-4 with Democrats or independents who lean Democratic.
At some point in time, the poll's margin of error was plus or minus 4.5 percentage points.
At some point in time, in an October CNN/Opinion Research poll, Senator Hillary Clinton was supported by 51 percent of Democratic voters.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton had a 30 point lead over Senator Barack Obama in the October poll.
At some point in time, during last week's Democratic debate, Senator Hillary Clinton received heavy criticism from her fellow Democratic presidential rivals.
At some point in time, Senator John Edwards was particularly aggressive during the debate.
At some point in time, Senator John Edwards criticized Senator Hillary Clinton for her stance on Iraq, Iran, and Social Security.
At some point in time, Senator John Edwards believes the American people deserve a president who will tell them the truth.
At some point in time, Senator John Edwards accused Senator Hillary Clinton of being a "corporate Democrat."
At some point in time, Senator John Edwards believes that corruption has crept into the system in Washington.
At some point in time, Senator John Edwards believes that if someone defends the corrupt system, that person cannot bring about the change that America needs.
At some point in time, Rudy Giuliani continues to be the leading candidate in the Republican presidential race.
At some point in time, Rudy Giuliani has the backing of 28 percent of Republican primary voters polled.
At some point in time, Former Senator Fred Thompson of Tennessee was backed by 19 percent of Republican primary voters polled.
At some point in time, Senator John McCain of Arizona was the top pick of 16 percent of Republican primary voters polled.
At some point in time, Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney was backed by 11 percent of Republican primary voters polled.
At some point in time, Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee received 10 percent of Republican primary voters polled.
At some point in time, Texas Representative Ron Paul received 5 percent of Republican primary voters polled.
At some point in time, California Representative Duncan Hunter received 4 percent of Republican primary voters polled.
At some point in time, Colorado Representative Tom Tancredo received 3 percent of Republican primary voters polled.
At some point in time, the poll involved telephone interviews with 397 Republicans or independents who lean Republican.
At some point in time, the poll's margin of error was 5 percentage points.
At some point in time, in a head-to-head matchup, Senator Hillary Clinton leads Rudy Giuliani 51 percent to 45 percent.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton's lead over Rudy Giuliani has increased since October.
At some point in time, in October, Senator Hillary Clinton led Rudy Giuliani 49 percent to 47 percent.
At some point in time, the overall political environment seems to favor the Democrats.
At some point in time, Democratic voters are more enthusiastic about the coming election.
At some point in time, the public is in a sour mood, which is usually not a good sign for the incumbent party.
At some point in time, only 42 percent of Americans think things are going well.
At some point in time, 58 percent of Americans think things are going badly.
At some point in time, more than eight in ten Americans say they are angry about the way things are going in the country.
At some point in time, Senator Hillary Clinton's lead over Rudy Giuliani would be greater if a third-party candidate entered the race.
At some point in time, the third-party candidate believes abortion should be illegal in all circumstances.
At some point in time, in a three-way race, Senator Hillary Clinton would get the support of 48 percent of voters.
At some point in time, Rudy Giuliani would get the support of 32 percent of voters in a three-way race.
At some point in time, the third-party candidate would get the support of 18 percent of voters in a three-way race.
At some point in time, the poll's margin of error was plus or minus 3 percent.
At some point in time, Rudy Giuliani believes that a third-party candidate is more of an attempt to keep the nomination from him.
At some point in time, Rudy Giuliani believes that the third-party candidate's entry is a tactic.
At some point in time, the lack of enthusiasm for Rudy Giuliani by social conservatives could spell trouble for the GOP next year.
At some point in time, only 27 percent of Republicans say they would feel enthusiastic if Rudy Giuliani won the GOP nomination.
At some point in time, the remaining GOP candidates fare even worse in terms of enthusiasm among Republicans.