At some point in time, Soledad O'Brien takes users inside a jail where many of the inmates are mentally ill.
At some point in time, an inmate is housed on the "forgotten floor" in Miami before trial.
At some point in time, the ninth floor of the Miami-Dade pretrial detention facility is dubbed the "forgotten floor."
At some point in time, inmates with the most severe mental illnesses are incarcerated on the ninth floor until they are ready to appear in court.
At some point in time, most often, inmates on the ninth floor face drug charges or charges of assaulting an officer.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman says the charges faced by inmates on the ninth floor are usually "avoidable felonies."
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman says the arrests of mentally ill people often result from confrontations with police.
At some point in time, mentally ill people often do not do what police tell them when police arrive on the scene.
At some point in time, confrontation seems to exacerbate the illness of mentally ill people.
At some point in time, mentally ill people become more paranoid, delusional, and less likely to follow directions during confrontations.
At some point in time, mentally ill inmates end up on the ninth floor severely mentally disturbed.
At some point in time, mentally ill inmates do not get any real help because they are in jail.
At some point in time, Leifman is well known in Miami as an advocate for justice and the mentally ill.
At some point in time, the guards do not exactly welcome Soledad O'Brien and her team with open arms.
At some point in time, Soledad O'Brien and her team are given permission to shoot videotape and tour the ninth floor.
At some point in time, the prisoners on the ninth floor are wearing sleeveless robes.
At some point in time, the robes are designed to keep mentally ill patients from injuring themselves.
At some point in time, the prisoners on the ninth floor have no shoes, laces, or mattresses.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman says about one-third of all people in Miami-Dade county jails are mentally ill.
At some point in time, the sheer volume of mentally ill inmates is overwhelming the system.
At some point in time, the result of the overwhelming system is what is seen on the ninth floor.
At some point in time, the jail is not supposed to be warm and comforting.
At some point in time, the lights glare in the jail.
At some point in time, the cells in the jail are tiny.
At some point in time, the jail is loud.
At some point in time, two men, sometimes three men, are seen lying or sitting in their cells.
At some point in time, one man shouts, "I am the son of the president. You need to get me out of here!"
At some point in time, the man is absolutely serious.
At some point in time, the man is convinced that help is on the way if only he could reach the White House.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman tells Soledad O'Brien that these prisoner-patients will often circulate through the system.
At some point in time, prisoner-patients occasionally stabilize in a mental hospital.
At some point in time, prisoner-patients return to jail to face their charges.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman believes the situation is brutally unjust.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman has become a strong advocate for changing things in Miami.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman says 200 years ago people were considered "lunatics."
At some point in time, people who were considered "lunatics" were locked up in jails even if they had no charges against them.
At some point in time, people who were considered "lunatics" were considered unfit to be in society.
At some point in time, there was some public outcry over the years regarding the treatment of mentally ill people.
At some point in time, the mentally ill were moved out of jails and into hospitals.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman says many of these mental hospitals were so horrible that they were shut down.
At some point in time, the patients who were in shut down mental hospitals went nowhere.
At some point in time, many patients became homeless.
At some point in time, many homeless patients never got treatment.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman says in 1955 there were more than half a million people in state mental hospitals.
At some point in time, the number of people in state mental hospitals has been reduced 90 percent since 1955.
At some point in time, today, 40,000 to 50,000 people are in mental hospitals.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman is working to change the situation for mentally ill inmates.
At some point in time, starting in 2008, many inmates who would otherwise have been brought to the "forgotten floor" will instead be sent to a new mental health facility.
At some point in time, the new mental health facility is the first step on a journey toward long-term treatment for inmates.
At some point in time, the new mental health facility is not just for punishment.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman says the new mental health facility is not the complete answer.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman says the new mental health facility is a start.
At some point in time, Judge Steven Leifman says the best part of the new mental health facility is that it is a win-win solution.
At some point in time, the patients win with the new mental health facility.
At some point in time, the families of the patients are relieved with the new mental health facility.
At some point in time, the state saves money by not cycling these prisoners through the system again and again.
At some point in time, for Judge Steven Leifman, justice is served with the new mental health facility.