At some point in time, three men have been arrested.
At some point in time, three men have been charged with murder.
At some point in time, the murder charge is related to the shooting death of a University of Memphis football player.
The shooting death occurred last week.
At some point in time, Memphis police announced the arrests on Monday.
At some point in time, police were investigating a car crash on September 30.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford was found fatally wounded near the campus residence hall area.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford was 21 years old.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford had apparently gotten into his car after being shot.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford drove a short distance before crashing into a tree.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford was pronounced dead at Regional Medical Center.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford was a 5-foot-11, 300-pound defensive lineman.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford was from Nashville.
At some point in time, DeeShawn Tate is 21 years old.
At some point in time, Victor Trezevant is 21 years old.
At some point in time, Courtney Washington is 22 years old.
At some point in time, DeeShawn Tate has been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery.
At some point in time, Victor Trezevant has been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery.
At some point in time, Courtney Washington has been charged with murder in perpetration of attempted aggravated robbery.
At some point in time, homicide investigators developed the case against the three men with the help of a citizen's tip.
At some point in time, homicide investigators developed the case against the three men with the help of Crimestoppers.
At some point in time, the investigation continues.
At some point in time, Memphis Police Department Director Larry Godwin expects additional arrests in this case.
At some point in time, the attempted robbery was aggravated robbery.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford was targeted because of some information that was out there.
At some point in time, the suspects believed Taylor Bradford had some cash.
At some point in time, the suspects believed Taylor Bradford had something that they wanted.
None of the three arrested suspects were students at the University of Memphis.
At some point in time, other suspects could be students at the University of Memphis.
At some point in time, Shelby County District Attorney General William L. Gibbons said the three suspects would make an initial court appearance as early as Tuesday.
At some point in time, prosecutors were considering seeking the death penalty in the case.
At some point in time, no decision had been made regarding the death penalty.
At some point in time, William L. Gibbons stated that it would be premature to say whether the death penalty would be sought.
At some point in time, there are a lot of factors that go into the decision regarding the death penalty.
At some point in time, a determination will be made at the appropriate time.
At some point in time, officials at the University of Memphis stated that Taylor Bradford was popular with the football team.
At some point in time, officials at the University of Memphis stated that Taylor Bradford was popular on the campus as a whole.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford was a marketing major.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford lived on campus.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford had transferred from Samford University in Birmingham, Alabama.
At some point in time, Taylor Bradford was 36 credit hours short of graduation.