At some point in time, four people were killed after an explosion at a chemical plant in Jacksonville, Florida.
At some point in time, several people were injured after an explosion at a chemical plant in Jacksonville, Florida.
At some point in time, a thick plume of smoke rose from a chemical plant in Jacksonville, Florida.
At some point in time, Tom Francis is a Fire Department spokesman.
At some point in time, Tom Francis described the explosion as a "hellish inferno."
At some point in time, fourteen people were hospitalized after the blast at the T2 Lab on Faye Road.
At some point in time, the T2 Lab is located in an industrial area on the waterfront in north Jacksonville.
At some point in time, officials initially ordered an evacuation of nearby businesses.
At some point in time, the evacuation order was lifted by 4 p.m.
At some point in time, tests of the air found no toxicity.
At some point in time, firefighters were still battling hot spots after the explosion.
At some point in time, the firefighting effort will be going on for quite some time.
At some point in time, six of the injured people were transported to Shands Hospital in Jacksonville.
At some point in time, Kelly Brockmeier is a hospital spokeswoman for Shands Hospital.
At some point in time, the hospital incident command system had been activated at Shands Hospital.
At some point in time, the activation of the hospital incident command system is done to put the staff in high alert in anticipation of trauma patients.
At some point in time, a woman answered the T2 Lab's 24-hour facility emergency phone.
At some point in time, the T2 Lab manufactures ecotane.
At some point in time, ecotane is a gasoline additive that reduces tailpipe emissions.
At some point in time, the billowing black smoke could be seen from downtown Jacksonville.
At some point in time, Bridget Murphy is a reporter for the Florida Times-Union.
At some point in time, Bridget Murphy talked to several workers as they walked out of the area.
At some point in time, the workers were shaken to the core.
At some point in time, the workers described a hissing noise and then a sound wave.
At some point in time, Antonio Padrigan was trying to get in touch with his son.
At some point in time, Antonio Padrigan's son works in a plant in the area.
At some point in time, Antonio Padrigan was having no luck reaching his son on his cell phone.
At some point in time, Antonio Padrigan's son was shook up when he called Antonio Padrigan.
At some point in time, Antonio Padrigan could not get through to his son anymore.
At some point in time, Antonio Padrigan did not know if his son was in the hospital.
At some point in time, Jonathan Payne and his son Calvin shot pictures of the explosion.
At some point in time, Jonathan Payne and Calvin felt the blast shake their home.
At some point in time, Jonathan Payne and Calvin live about 15 minutes away from the explosion site.
At some point in time, Carlton Higginbotham was working at home on Townsend Boulevard in Jacksonville.
At some point in time, a loud boom shook Carlton Higginbotham's house.
At some point in time, Carlton Higginbotham described the explosion as a gunshot-type explosion.
At some point in time, Carlton Higginbotham said the explosion was not a rumble.
At some point in time, Carlton Higginbotham and his neighbor ran outside after the explosion.
At some point in time, Carlton Higginbotham and his neighbor noticed thick smoke billowing from the other side of the St. Johns River.
At some point in time, the St. Johns River separates Carlton Higginbotham's neighborhood from the site of the blast.
At some point in time, the cloud that came out of the explosion was white.
At some point in time, some people would say the cloud was mushroom-shaped.
At some point in time, the white cloud was followed by dark smoke.