At some point in time, Scottish Premier League leaders Celtic suffered a setback after being held 1-1 by managerless Hibernian on Saturday.
At some point in time, David Murphy's goals have earned Hibernian four points against Celtic this season.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan's team heads the table by three points from Glasgow rivals Rangers.
At some point in time, Rangers have three games in hand ahead of Sunday's trip to Aberdeen.
At some point in time, Hibernian's manager John Collins resigned on Thursday citing a lack of financial backing from Hibernian's board.
At some point in time, Hibernian took the lead in the 20th minute through left-back David Murphy.
At some point in time, David Murphy played a one-two with Abdessalam Benjelloun.
At some point in time, David Murphy crashed a shot from the edge of the box past goalkeeper Mark Brown.
At some point in time, David Murphy's shot went in off the crossbar.
At some point in time, David Murphy's only other goal this season came in Hibernian's 1-0 win at Rangers on October 6.
At some point in time, Mark Brown kept out Merouane Zemmama's shot from just inside the Celtic half.
At some point in time, Mark Brown tipped over Brian Kerr's looping header three minutes after half-time.
At some point in time, substitute Jiri Jarosik rescued Celtic from a first home SPL defeat this season in the 78th minute.
At some point in time, Jiri Jarosik was teed up by Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink.
At some point in time, Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink headed against the post with two minutes to play.
At some point in time, Hibernian held on despite having to play the final few minutes with 10 men.
At some point in time, Benjelloun was stretchered off with Hibernian's three substitutes already used.
At some point in time, the victory lifted Hibernian up into fifth place.
At some point in time, Celtic have taken just six points from the last five games.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan confirmed he is hoping to sign Brazilian defender Coelho next month.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan said Celtic needs to cut out silly mistakes.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan stated that some of the goals Celtic has let in away from home this season are silly mistakes.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan believes Celtic could have done something with every one of the goals conceded.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan is happy with the number of chances Celtic has made in the last few weeks.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan is unhappy with individual mistakes made by Celtic players.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan stated that it has not been great to look at Celtic's performance.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan said Celtic needs to cut out individual mistakes.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan mentioned that there have been a lot of things going right for Celtic.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan noted that one or two things have gone wrong for Celtic.
At some point in time, Gordon Strachan stated that Celtic has to deal with the mistakes.
At some point in time, third-placed Motherwell missed the chance to move above Rangers after being beaten 3-0 at home by Falkirk.
At some point in time, Falkirk climbed to ninth place with two goals in the second half.
At some point in time, Michael Higdon scored one of Falkirk's goals in the second half.
At some point in time, Patrick Clegg scored another goal for Falkirk on 65 minutes.
At some point in time, fourth-placed Dundee United lost 2-1 at home to bottom club Gretna.
At some point in time, Gretna's only two wins this season have come against Dundee United.
At some point in time, Kenny Deuchar put Gretna ahead in the 12th minute.
At some point in time, striker Noel Hunt leveled for Dundee United on 29 minutes.
At some point in time, Nicky Deverdics scored the eventual winner for Gretna three minutes before half-time.
At some point in time, Inverness Caledonian Thistle won at Hearts by a scoreline of 3-2.
At some point in time, Inverness Caledonian Thistle led through Russell Duncan after 22 minutes.
At some point in time, John Rankin made it 2-0 for Inverness Caledonian Thistle with a 53rd-minute penalty.
At some point in time, Christophe Berra pulled one back for Hearts on 62 minutes.
At some point in time, Andrius Velicka leveled for Hearts from the spot in the 90th minute.
At some point in time, Graham Bayne scored a dramatic injury-time winner for Inverness Caledonian Thistle.
At some point in time, Inverness Caledonian Thistle lifted into the top six after the victory.
At some point in time, St Mirren drew 0-0 at home to Kilmarnock.
At some point in time, St Mirren is left seven points ahead of Gretna.