At some point in time, Celtic have been fined $50,800 by UEFA.
At some point in time, AC Milan's Dida has been banned for two matches.
At some point in time, the incident involved a pitch-invading supporter approaching Dida.
At some point in time, the incident occurred during last week's Champions League match at Celtic Park.
At some point in time, Celtic beat AC Milan 2-1 in Glasgow.
At some point in time, a fan ran onto the field in the 90th minute.
At some point in time, the fan ran onto the field soon after Celtic scored their winning goal.
At some point in time, the fan made what appeared to be minimal contact with Dida.
At some point in time, Dida turned to chase the supporter.
At some point in time, Dida dropped to the ground after chasing the supporter.
At some point in time, Dida was carried off the field on a stretcher.
At some point in time, Dida was replaced after being carried off the field.
At some point in time, Dida's theatrical over-reaction resulted in a two-match suspension by UEFA.
At some point in time, Celtic may choose not to complain about their own punishment.
At some point in time, half of Celtic's fine is suspended for two years.
At some point in time, UEFA had the power to change the result of the match.
At some point in time, it was unlikely that UEFA would change the result of the match.
At some point in time, UEFA's control and disciplinary body found Celtic guilty of "lack of organisation and improper conduct of supporters."
At some point in time, Dida was found to have breached UEFA's "principles of loyalty, integrity and sportsmanship."
At some point in time, AC Milan have pledged to appeal against Dida's punishment.
At some point in time, Dida will miss AC Milan's Champions League games against Shakhtar Donetsk.
At some point in time, Milan lawyer Leandro Cantamessa believes the suspension is excessive.
At some point in time, Leandro Cantamessa believes the sentence is very unbalanced.
At some point in time, Leandro Cantamessa believes Dida is being portrayed as the protagonist of the incident.
At some point in time, Celtic acted swiftly to punish the 27-year-old supporter.
At some point in time, the 27-year-old supporter turned himself in.
At some point in time, the 27-year-old supporter admitted a breach of the peace in court.
At some point in time, the 27-year-old supporter will be sentenced next month.
At some point in time, Celtic banned the supporter for life from all their matches.
At some point in time, Celtic chief executive Peter Lawwell believes the penalty is proportionate to the incident.
At some point in time, Peter Lawwell believes the penalty is a fair outcome.