At some point in time, President George W. Bush awaits a crucial progress report on Iraq.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will try to put a twist on comparisons of the war in Iraq to the Vietnam War.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will invoke the historical lessons of the Vietnam War to argue against pulling out of Iraq.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush pauses during a news conference at the North American Leaders summit in Canada on Tuesday.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will tell members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars in Kansas City, Missouri, on Wednesday that people argued that America's presence was the real problem during the Vietnam War.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will tell members of the Veterans of Foreign Wars that if America would just withdraw, the killing would end.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that three decades later, there is a legitimate debate about how the United States got into the Vietnam War.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that three decades later, there is a legitimate debate about how the United States left the Vietnam War.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that whatever a person's position in the debate about the Vietnam War, one unmistakable legacy of Vietnam is that the price of America's withdrawal was paid by millions of innocent citizens.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that the agonies of millions of innocent citizens would add to the vocabulary new terms like 'boat people,' 're-education camps,' and 'killing fields.'
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will make the argument that withdrawing from Vietnam emboldened today's terrorists by compromising U.S. credibility.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will cite a quote from al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden.
At some point in time, Osama bin Laden stated that the American people would rise against the Iraq War the same way they rose against the Vietnam War.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that some can argue that the withdrawal from Vietnam carried no price to American credibility.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that terrorists see things differently regarding the withdrawal from Vietnam.
At some point in time, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stated that President George W. Bush's attempt to compare the war in Iraq to past military conflicts in East Asia ignores the fundamental difference between the two.
At some point in time, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stated that the United States was misled by the Bush Administration in an effort to gain support for the invasion of Iraq under false pretenses.
At some point in time, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stated that the invasion of Iraq led to one of the worst foreign policy blunders in U.S. history.
At some point in time, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stated that while President George W. Bush continues to stay-the-course with his failed strategy in Iraq, American lives are being lost.
At some point in time, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stated that there is still no political solution within the Iraqi government.
At some point in time, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stated that it is time to change direction in Iraq.
At some point in time, Democratic Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stated that Congress will again work to change direction in Iraq in the fall.
At some point in time, The White House is billing President George W. Bush's speech as an effort to provide broader context for the debate over the upcoming Iraq progress report.
At some point in time, The upcoming Iraq progress report will be given by General David Petraeus, the top U.S. military commander, and Ryan Crocker, the U.S. ambassador in Baghdad.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush has frequently asked lawmakers and the American people to withhold judgment on his troop surge in Iraq until the report comes out in September.
At some point in time, The upcoming report on Iraq is being closely watched on Capitol Hill.
At some point in time, Republicans are nervous about the political fallout from an increasingly unpopular war.
At some point in time, Defense Secretary Robert Gates stated that he would wait for the report before deciding when a drawdown of the 160,000 U.S. troops in Iraq might begin.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush's speeches on Wednesday and next week are the latest in a series of attempts by the White House to try to reframe the debate over Iraq.
At some point in time, Public support for the war in Iraq continues to sag.
At some point in time, A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll found that almost two-thirds of Americans, specifically 64 percent, now oppose the Iraq war.
At some point in time, A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll found that 72 percent of Americans say that even if General David Petraeus reports progress, it won't change their opinion.
At some point in time, A recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll found that 53 percent of Americans do not trust General David Petraeus to give an accurate assessment of the situation in Iraq.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will invoke other historical comparisons from Asia in Wednesday's speech.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will invoke the U.S. defeat and occupation of Japan after World War II in Wednesday's speech.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will invoke the Korean War in the 1950s in Wednesday's speech.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that in the aftermath of Japan's surrender, many thought it naive to help the Japanese transform themselves into a democracy.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that critics argued that some people were simply not fit for freedom.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that today, in defiance of the critics, Japan stands as one of the world's great free societies.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will note that at the time of the Korean War, critics argued that the war was futile.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will note that at the time of the Korean War, critics argued that America never should have sent troops in.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will note that at the time of the Korean War, critics argued that America's intervention was divisive here at home.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that while it is true that the Korean War had its share of challenges, America never broke its word.
At some point in time, President George W. Bush will say that without America's intervention during the Korean War, millions of South Koreans would now be living under a brutal and repressive regime.