At some point in time, Louis' Lunch is located in New Haven, Connecticut.
At some point in time, Louis' Lunch claims to be the inventor of the hamburger.
At some point in time, The Library of Congress supports Louis' Lunch's claim to be the inventor of the hamburger.
At some point in time, in 1900, a businessman asked Louis Lassen for something quick to eat.
At some point in time, Louis Lassen cooked a beef patty and put it between bread.
At some point in time, Louis Lassen sent the businessman on his way with the burger.
At some point in time, The Lassen family still owns and operates Louis' Lunch.
At some point in time, The burgers at Louis' Lunch are still cooked in ancient gas stoves.
There is absolutely no ketchup allowed at Louis' Lunch.
At some point in time, The ChipShop is located in Brooklyn, New York.
At some point in time, Christopher Sell is the owner of the ChipShop.
At some point in time, The Twinkie has been around for a long time.
At some point in time, Christopher Sell had the idea to freeze the Twinkie, dip it in batter, and deep-fry it.
At some point in time, The deep-fried Twinkie has a luscious vanilla flavor.
At some point in time, The New York Times praised the deep-fried Twinkie.
At some point in time, Christopher Sell was trained in classical French cuisine.
At some point in time, Christopher Sell fried various snacks in England before the Twinkie.
At some point in time, Myers Avenue Red Soda Co. is located in Cripple Creek, Colorado.
At some point in time, Frank J. Wisner was a failed gold miner who became a soda company owner.
At some point in time, in August of 1893, Frank J. Wisner drank Myers Avenue Red root beer while looking at Cow Mountain.
At some point in time, a full moon illuminated the snowcap on Cow Mountain.
At some point in time, Frank J. Wisner had the idea to float a scoop of vanilla ice cream in root beer.
At some point in time, The new drink was named the "black cow."
At some point in time, The black cow became an instant classic.
At some point in time, Most people today call the black cow a root beer float.
At some point in time, Cozy Dog Drive In is located in Springfield, Illinois.
At some point in time, Ed Waldmire, Jr. debuted the Cozy Dog in 1946.
At some point in time, The Cozy Dog is the first corn dog on a stick.
At some point in time, Ed Waldmire, Jr. initially wanted to name the Cozy Dog the "Crusty Cur."
At some point in time, Ed Waldmire, Jr.'s wife convinced him to change the name to "Cozy Dog."
At some point in time, The Cozy Dog Drive In opened alongside old Route 66.
At some point in time, The Cozy Dog Drive In has been serving corn dogs since its inception.
At some point in time, Lombardi's is located in New York City, New York.
At some point in time, Gennaro Lombardi opened the first true pizzeria in America.
At some point in time, Gennaro Lombardi opened a small grocery store in New York City's Little Italy.
At some point in time, Anthony "Totonno" Pero sold pizzas out of the back of Lombardi's grocery store.
At some point in time, Lombardi's was licensed as a pizzeria in 1905.
At some point in time, The original Lombardi's restaurant closed in 1984.
At some point in time, Lombardi's reopened down the street 10 years after closing.
At some point in time, Lombardi's offered its pizza for 5 cents on its 100th anniversary in 2005.
At some point in time, The line for Lombardi's pizza wrapped around the block on its 100th anniversary.
At some point in time, R.U. Hungry is located in New Brunswick, New Jersey.
At some point in time, Rutgers University has hosted mobile food vans known as the "Grease Trucks" since 1979.
At some point in time, The Grease Trucks originally served a sandwich called the Fat Cat.
At some point in time, The Fat Cat contained two cheeseburger patties, French fries, lettuce, tomato, and onions.
At some point in time, In 1997, Darrell W. Butler convinced a vendor to put chicken fingers, mozzarella sticks, French fries, and marinara sauce on a sandwich.
At some point in time, The Fat Darrell became a mainstay at the Grease Trucks.
At some point in time, Maxim magazine named the Fat Darrell the top "Meat Hog" sandwich.
At some point in time, Pat's King of Steaks is located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
At some point in time, Philadelphia is known for many things, but fine dining is not one of them.
At some point in time, Pat's King of Steaks is where the Philly cheesesteak was born.
At some point in time, in 1932, Pasquale (Pat) and Harry Olivieri made a steak sandwich with onions.
At some point in time, A cab driver who ate at Pat's daily suggested selling the new sandwich.
At some point in time, The modest stand turned into the Pat's King of Steaks that exists today.
At some point in time, Pat's King of Steaks claims to be the first to put cheese in cheesesteak in 1951.
At some point in time, Joe Vento of Geno's Steaks opened in 1966.
At some point in time, Joe Vento insists he added cheese to the cheesesteak.
At some point in time, Pig Stand is located in Dallas, Texas.
At some point in time, Most sources claim the onion ring was invented at a Pig Stand location.
At some point in time, A careless cook at Pig Stand accidentally dropped an onion slice in batter.
At some point in time, The cook pulled the battered onion slice out and tossed it in the fryer.
At some point in time, Pig Stand claims to have opened America's first drive-in.
At some point in time, Pig Stand claims to have invented Texas toast.
At some point in time, Pig Stand claims to be one of the first restaurants to advertise using neon signs.
At some point in time, Derby pie is a chocolate and pecan tart with a pastry-dough crust.
At some point in time, The recipe for derby pie is jealously guarded by the Kern family.
At some point in time, George Kern created derby pie in the mid-1950s.
At some point in time, George Kern received help from his parents, Walter and Leaudra, in creating derby pie.
At some point in time, The Kern family began baking derby pie full-time after its success.
At some point in time, Mrs. Kern copyrighted the name "Derby-Pie®."
At some point in time, Real "Derby-Pie®" can only be obtained through Kern's Kitchen, Inc.
At some point in time, A man from New England offered Leaudra a blank check for the derby pie recipe.
At some point in time, Leaudra refused to sell the derby pie recipe.