At some point in time, a key rebel commander was killed in an air attack on a guerrilla encampment.
At some point in time, the Colombian military reported the death on Monday.
At some point in time, the key rebel commander was a fugitive from a U.S. drug trafficking indictment.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas was killed in the air attack.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas was an alleged cocaine trafficker.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas was a member of the high command of the Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas helped manage FARC's extensive cocaine trafficking network.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas had been targeted by the U.S. Justice Department since 2002.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas was charged with conspiracy to import cocaine into the United States.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas was charged with manufacturing and distributing cocaine within Colombia.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas was charged with funding FARC's 42-year insurgency against the Colombian government.
At some point in time, U.S. officials alleged that Tomas Medina Caracas managed FARC's sales of cocaine to international drug traffickers.
At some point in time, international drug traffickers smuggled cocaine into the United States.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas was indicted in the United States along with two other FARC commanders in November 2002.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas was charged with conspiring to kidnap two U.S. oil workers from neighboring Venezuela in 1997.
At some point in time, one of the kidnapped U.S. oil workers was held for nine months until a $1 million ransom was paid.
At some point in time, the Colombian army's Rapid Response Force tracked Tomas Medina Caracas down at a FARC camp in the jungle.
At some point in time, the FARC camp was located in the south of Colombia.
At some point in time, after a bombardment, Colombian troops occupied the FARC camp.
At some point in time, Colombian troops found 14 dead rebels at the FARC camp.
At some point in time, Colombian troops found rifles at the FARC camp.
At some point in time, Colombian troops found pistols at the FARC camp.
At some point in time, Colombian troops found communications equipment at the FARC camp.
At some point in time, Colombian troops found four GPS systems at the FARC camp.
At some point in time, the death of Tomas Medina Caracas was confirmed by various sources.
At some point in time, members of FARC confirmed the death of Tomas Medina Caracas.
At some point in time, Tomas Medina Caracas commanded FARC's 16th Front.
At some point in time, FARC's 16th Front was located in the southern departments of Vichada and Guainia.
At some point in time, FARC was established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party.
FARC is Colombia's oldest Marxist rebel group.
FARC is Colombia's largest Marxist rebel group.
FARC is Colombia's most capable Marxist rebel group.
FARC is Colombia's best-equipped Marxist rebel group.
At some point in time, the U.S. Department of State provided information about FARC.