At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie spends most of her adult life nursing her dying uncle.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie spends most of her adult life nursing her invalid brother Walter.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie inherits a significant fortune from Walter at his death.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie seeks a place in society.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie moves to a town called Littlebath.
At some point in time, Littlebath is modeled after Bath, Somerset.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie joins a group of Evangelicals.
At some point in time, the group of Evangelicals is centered around the popular local pastor Mr. Stumfold.
At some point in time, Mr. Stumfold has a wife.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie meets three men who are interested in marrying her at Littlebath.
At some point in time, one of the men is Samuel Rubb.
At some point in time, Samuel Rubb is the business partner of Margaret Mackenzie's surviving brother, Tom Mackenzie.
At some point in time, another man is Mr. Maguire.
At some point in time, Mr. Maguire is Mr. Stumfold's curate.
At some point in time, the third man is Margaret Mackenzie's cousin, Mr. John Ball.
At some point in time, Mr. Rubb asks Margaret Mackenzie to loan him and Tom Mackenzie 2,500 pounds for business purposes.
At some point in time, the deal with Mr. Rubb turns out badly.
At some point in time, Mr. Rubb admits that he has cheated Margaret Mackenzie.
At some point in time, Mr. Rubb's honesty allows him to remain a friend and prospective husband to Margaret Mackenzie.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie is invited for a short stay with the Ball family.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie refuses a marriage proposal from Mr. John Ball.
At some point in time, Mr. Maguire asks Margaret Mackenzie to marry him when she returns to Littlebath.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie is forced to put Mr. Maguire off.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie finds out that her brother Tom is dying.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie must go to Tom Mackenzie in London.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie refuses Mr. Maguire by letter while in London.
At some point in time, after Tom Mackenzie's death, Margaret Mackenzie finds out that there is a problem with Walter's will.
At some point in time, Mr. John Ball may be the rightful inheritor of the money from Walter's will.
At some point in time, Mr. John Ball asks Margaret Mackenzie to marry him again while the legal issues are being dealt with by their respective lawyers.
At some point in time, Margaret Mackenzie accepts Mr. John Ball's marriage proposal.
At some point in time, Mr. Maguire interferes with Mr. John Ball.
At some point in time, Mr. Maguire libels Mr. John Ball in an Evangelical newspaper.
At some point in time, Mr. Maguire visits London to try to get Margaret Mackenzie to marry him instead.
At some point in time, the courts eventually decide in favor of Mr. John Ball.
At some point in time, Mr. John Ball soon becomes Sir John Ball after his father's death.
At some point in time, Sir John Ball marries Margaret Mackenzie.
At some point in time, Lady Ball objects to Sir John Ball's marriage to Margaret Mackenzie.
At some point in time, Mr. Maguire is forced to give up his own attempts to marry Margaret Mackenzie.
At some point in time, Mr. Rubb marries a lodger in Tom Mackenzie's old house.
At some point in time, the lodger in Tom Mackenzie's old house is Miss Corza.
At some point in time, Mr. Maguire finds a wife.
At some point in time, Mr. Maguire finds a new position.