At some point in time, the theme of the tale is the childhood sin of disobedience.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten is a young cat.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten lives with his mother, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten lives with his sisters, Moppet and Mittens.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit, Moppet, and Mittens live in a house overrun with rats.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit has unruly children.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit puts Moppet in a cupboard.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit puts Mittens in a cupboard.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit puts Moppet and Mittens in a cupboard to keep them under control.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten escapes up the chimney.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten makes his way to the top of the house.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten comes across a crack in the wall.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten squeezes through the crack in the wall.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten finds himself under the attic's floorboards.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten meets the rats, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and his wife Anna Maria.
At some point in time, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria catch Tom Kitten.
At some point in time, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria cover Tom Kitten with butter and dough.
At some point in time, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria have stolen butter and dough.
At some point in time, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria intend to eat Tom Kitten as a pudding.
At some point in time, Moppet and Mittens see Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria.
At some point in time, Moppet and Mittens are hiding from their mother.
At some point in time, Moppet and Mittens see Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria stealing the dough, butter, and rolling-pin.
At some point in time, Moppet and Mittens proceed to settle the dough with a rolling-pin.
At some point in time, the noise from Moppet and Mittens settling the dough gets through the floorboards.
At some point in time, the noise attracts the attention of Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit.
At some point in time, the noise attracts the attention of Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit's cousin Ribby.
At some point in time, Ribby has been helping search for Tom Kitten.
At some point in time, Mrs. Tabitha Twitchit and Ribby quickly call for John Joiner.
At some point in time, John Joiner is a carpenter.
At some point in time, John Joiner saws open the floor.
At some point in time, John Joiner rescues Tom Kitten.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten has the dough removed.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten is washed.
At some point in time, the remains of the dumpling are eaten by the family.
At some point in time, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria escape to the barn of Farmer Potatoes.
At some point in time, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria spread their chaos to another location.
At some point in time, Mr. Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria leave the cat family residence in peace.
At some point in time, Farmer Potatoes mentions seeing Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria making their escape.
At some point in time, Farmer Potatoes sees Samuel Whiskers and Anna Maria using a wheelbarrow.
At some point in time, the wheelbarrow looks like Farmer Potatoes' own wheelbarrow.
At some point in time, Tom Kitten is so affected by the incident that he is afraid of anything larger than a mouse.
At some point in time, Moppet and Mittens become fine rat-catchers.