At some point in time, the story portrays a crew of three male astronauts.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts is launched in the near future.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts is launched on a circumsolar mission.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts is launched in the spaceship Sunbird.
At some point in time, a large solar flare damages the spaceship Sunbird.
At some point in time, the damage from the solar flare leaves the crew of three male astronauts drifting in space.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts makes repeated attempts to contact NASA in Houston.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts is unable to contact NASA in Houston.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts begins to pick up strange radio communications.
At some point in time, almost all of the voices in the strange radio communications are female.
At some point in time, the female voices in the strange radio communications usually have a strong Australian accent.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts overhears conversations about personal matters.
At some point in time, the conversations overheard by the crew of three male astronauts include the birth of a cow.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts overhears unknown slang terms.
At some point in time, various theories are discussed by the crew of three male astronauts.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts discusses the possibility of hallucinations.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts discusses the possibility of a hoax.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts discusses the possibility of a hostile power trying to trick them.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts records the conversations.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts plays back the conversations over and over.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts tries to figure out what is going on.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts realizes that unknown people are aware of them.
At some point in time, the unknown people are offering to help the crew of three male astronauts.
At some point in time, the commander of the Sunbird refuses to communicate with the unknown people at first.
At some point in time, the commander of the Sunbird is suspicious of the motives of the unknown people.
At some point in time, the unknown people continue to plead with the crew of three male astronauts to accept their rescue offer.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts is chilled to hear their mission referred to in historical terms.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts realizes that they were thrown off-course in space.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts realizes that they were thrown off-course in time.
At some point in time, the flight of the crew of three male astronauts was lost centuries ago.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts is given bare details of the current Earth.
At some point in time, an undefined cataclysm has reduced the human population to a mere few million.
At some point in time, the Sunbird agrees to rendezvous with the spaceship Gloria.
At some point in time, the astronauts will spacewalk to safety from the spaceship Gloria.
At some point in time, the spaceship Gloria is an enigma to the crew of three male astronauts.
At some point in time, the spaceship Gloria has an almost all-female crew.
At some point in time, the spaceship Gloria is haphazard and cluttered with plants and animals on board.
At some point in time, none of the technology on the spaceship Gloria seems very advanced.
At some point in time, some of the ship's functions on the spaceship Gloria are powered by stationary bikes.
At some point in time, the culture shock of the crew of three male astronauts is compounded by cryptic answers.
At some point in time, the answers given to the crew of three male astronauts are incomplete.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts gathers clues from observations.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts gathers clues from slips of the tongue.
At some point in time, crew members on the spaceship Gloria often refer to their "sisters."
At some point in time, there is no mention of husbands, boyfriends, or families by crew members on the spaceship Gloria.
At some point in time, there are twins on board the spaceship Gloria.
At some point in time, both twins on board the spaceship Gloria are named Judy.
At some point in time, one twin named Judy seems older than the other twin named Judy.
At some point in time, the one male on board the spaceship Gloria is a teen named Andy.
At some point in time, the teen named Andy seems strangely feminine.
At some point in time, technology, science, and culture on Earth seem relatively unadvanced.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts eventually learns the truth.
At some point in time, a plague wiped out most human life on Earth.
At some point in time, the plague included all males.
At some point in time, only about 11,000 people survived the plague.
At some point in time, the survivors of the plague are mostly concentrated in Australasia and a few other areas.
At some point in time, the survivors of the plague reproduce by cloning.
At some point in time, all living humans are clones of the original 11,000 genotypes.
At some point in time, babies are raised communally in crèches.
At some point in time, all members of each genotype are encouraged to add their story to a book.
At some point in time, the book is passed on for the inspiration and education of future "sisters."
At some point in time, certain genotypes are given early androgen treatments.
At some point in time, the early androgen treatments increase bulk and strength for physical tasks.
At some point in time, the resulting society is almost communal and maleless.
At some point in time, the maleless society has settled into a peaceful pattern.
At some point in time, the maleless society has no major conflict.
At some point in time, the maleless society seems happy.
At some point in time, the maleless society has little advancement.
At some point in time, the crew of three male astronauts react to the revelations in different ways.
At some point in time, the commander of the Sunbird considers the situation to be a great tragedy.
At some point in time, the commander of the Sunbird believes he was chosen by God to lead the females back.
At some point in time, the commander of the Sunbird believes men should be family leaders.
At some point in time, another astronaut drools at the prospect of millions of women.
At some point in time, the other astronaut fancies himself the object of desire for the millions of women.
At some point in time, the third crew member uncovers that his crewmates have been given a drug.
At some point in time, the drug causes the crewmates to show their "true selves."
At some point in time, the third crew member realizes that they are not headed home.
At some point in time, the crew of the spaceship Gloria does not intend for the crew of three male astronauts to survive.
At some point in time, the crew of the spaceship Gloria is perfectly happy living without men.
At some point in time, the crew of the spaceship Gloria is studying the crew of three male astronauts.
At some point in time, the crew of the spaceship Gloria is pressing the crew of three male astronauts for useful information.
At some point in time, the over-amorous astronaut is used to obtain sperm samples.
At some point in time, the sperm samples are presumably to introduce fresh genetic material.
At some point in time, the sperm samples are presumably to create new genotypes.