At some point in time, the Tin Woodman and the Scarecrow are regaling each other with tales at the Woodman's palace in the Winkie Country.
At some point in time, a Gillikin boy named Woot wanders into the Woodman's palace.
At some point in time, Woot is fed and rested.
At some point in time, Woot asks the Tin Woodman how the Tin Woodman came to be made of tin.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman relates how the Wicked Witch of the East enchanted his axe.
At some point in time, the enchanted axe caused the Tin Woodman to chop his body parts off limb by limb.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman chopped his body parts off because he was in love with Nimmie Amee.
At some point in time, each chopped limb was replaced by the tinsmith Ku-Klip with a counterpart made of tin.
No one can die in Oz, even when the parts of their body are separated from each other.
At some point in time, without a heart, the Tin Woodman felt he could no longer love Nimmie Amee.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman left Nimmie Amee.
At some point in time, Dorothy and the Scarecrow found the Tin Woodman after he had rusted in the forest.
At some point in time, Dorothy and the Scarecrow went with the Tin Woodman to the Emerald City.
At some point in time, the Wizard gave the Tin Woodman a heart.
At some point in time, Woot suggests that the heart may have made the Tin Woodman kind.
At some point in time, Woot suggests that the heart did not make the Tin Woodman loving.
At some point in time, if the Tin Woodman had been loving, he would have returned to Nimmie Amee.
At some point in time, Woot's suggestion shames the Tin Woodman.
At some point in time, Woot's suggestion inspires the Tin Woodman to journey to the Munchkin Country to find Nimmie Amee.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Woot journey into the Gillikin Country.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Woot encounter the inflatable Loons of Loonville.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Woot escape the inflatable Loons of Loonville by popping several of them.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Woot descend into Yoop Valley.
At some point in time, the giantess Mrs. Yoop dwells in Yoop Valley.
At some point in time, Mrs. Yoop transforms the travelers into animals for her amusement.
At some point in time, Mrs. Yoop has already transformed Polychrome, the Rainbow's Daughter, into an animal.
At some point in time, Woot steals a magic apron that opens doors and barriers at the wearer's request.
At some point in time, the magic apron enables the four to escape.
At some point in time, Woot, as a green monkey, narrowly avoids becoming a jaguar's meal.
At some point in time, Woot narrowly avoids becoming a jaguar's meal by descending further into a den of subterranean dragons.
At some point in time, after escaping that ordeal, Woot, the Tin Woodman as a tin owl, the Scarecrow as a straw-stuffed bear, and Polychrome as a canary turn south into the Munchkin Country.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, Woot, and Polychrome arrive at the farm of Jinjur.
At some point in time, Jinjur renews her acquaintance with the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, Woot, and Polychrome.
At some point in time, Jinjur sends to the Emerald City for help.
At some point in time, Dorothy and Ozma arrive.
At some point in time, Ozma easily restores the Scarecrow to his rightful form.
At some point in time, Ozma easily restores the Tin Woodman to his rightful form.
At some point in time, Polychrome takes several steps to restore herself to her true form.
At some point in time, Ozma discovers that the Green Monkey into which Woot is transformed has to be someone's form.
At some point in time, the Green Monkey cannot be destroyed.
At some point in time, Polychrome suggests that Mrs. Yoop the giantess be made into the Green Monkey as a punishment for wickedness.
At some point in time, Ozma succeeds in restoring Woot to his proper form.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, Woot, and Polychrome resume their quest.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, Woot, and Polychrome come upon the spot where the Tin Woodman had rusted.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman and his companions find another tin man there.
At some point in time, the other tin man identifies himself as Captain Fy-ter.
At some point in time, Captain Fy-ter is a soldier who courted Nimmie Amee after the Tin Woodman had left her.
At some point in time, the Wicked Witch of the East made Fy-ter's sword do what the Woodman's axe had done.
At some point in time, the Wicked Witch of the East's magic caused Fy-ter to cut off his limbs.
At some point in time, Ku-Klip replaced Fy-ter's limbs with tin limbs.
At some point in time, Captain Fy-ter does not have a heart.
At some point in time, Captain Fy-ter does not mind not having a heart.
At some point in time, Captain Fy-ter can rust.
At some point in time, Captain Fy-ter rusts one day during a rainstorm.
At some point in time, both woodmen now seek the heart of Nimmie Amee.
At some point in time, the woodmen agree to let Nimmie Amee choose between them.
At some point in time, the five come to the dwelling of the tinsmith Ku-Klip.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman talks to himself.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman talks to the head of the man (Nick Chopper) he once was.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman and the Tin Soldier find a barrel of assorted body parts.
At some point in time, the assorted body parts once belonged to each of them.
At some point in time, some body parts, like Captain Fy-ter's head, are conspicuously missing.
At some point in time, Ku-Klip reveals that he used Fy-ter's head to create his assistant Chopfyt.
At some point in time, Ku-Klip used many body parts from each of them to create his assistant Chopfyt.
At some point in time, Chopfyt complained about missing an arm.
At some point in time, Ku-Klip made Chopfyt a tin arm.
At some point in time, Chopfyt departed for the east.
At some point in time, the companions leave Ku-Klip.
At some point in time, the companions continue east to find Nimmie Amee.
At some point in time, the companions find themselves crossing the Invisible Country.
At some point in time, a massive Hip-po-gy-raf helps the companions across the Invisible Country.
At some point in time, the Hip-po-gy-raf helps the companions across in return for the Scarecrow's straw.
At some point in time, the Scarecrow reluctantly gives the Hip-po-gy-raf his straw.
At some point in time, the Scarecrow consents to being stuffed with available hay.
At some point in time, the stuffing makes the Scarecrow's movements awkward.
At some point in time, the companions rest for the night at the house of Professor and Mrs. Swynne.
At some point in time, Professor and Mrs. Swynne are pigs.
At some point in time, Professor and Mrs. Swynne have nine children.
At some point in time, the nine children live in the Emerald City under the care of the Wizard.
At some point in time, the companions leave the Swynnes.
At some point in time, the companions arrive at the foot of Mount Munch.
At some point in time, Mount Munch is on the eastern border of the Munchkin Country.
At some point in time, at the summit of Mount Munch is a cottage.
At some point in time, a rabbit tells the companions that Nimmie Amee now lives happily.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman and Tin Soldier knock on the door of the cottage.
At some point in time, Nimmie Amee admits the Tin Woodman and Tin Soldier.
At some point in time, Nimmie Amee is now married to Chopfyt.
At some point in time, Nimmie Amee refuses to leave her domestic life.
At some point in time, Nimmie Amee refuses to become Empress of the Winkies.
At some point in time, Nimmie Amee would become Empress of the Winkies as the Tin Woodman's wife.
At some point in time, Nimmie Amee says, "All I ask is to be left alone and not be disturbed by visitors."
At some point in time, the four return to the Emerald City.
At some point in time, the four relate their adventures.
At some point in time, Woot is allowed free rein to roam where he pleases.
At some point in time, Captain Fy-ter is dispatched by Ozma to guard duty in the Gillikin Country.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman and Scarecrow return to the Tin Woodman's palace in the Winkie Country.
At some point in time, the story began at the Tin Woodman's palace in the Winkie Country.