At some point in time, the book is Tristram's narration of his life story.
At some point in time, Tristram cannot explain anything simply.
At some point in time, Tristram must make explanatory diversions to add context and colour to his tale.
At some point in time, Tristram's own birth is not reached until Volume III.
At some point in time, apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Walter, Tristram's father.
At some point in time, apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Tristram's mother.
At some point in time, apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Uncle Toby.
At some point in time, apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Toby's servant Trim.
At some point in time, apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are the chambermaid Susannah.
At some point in time, apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are Doctor Slop.
At some point in time, apart from Tristram as narrator, the most familiar and important characters in the book are the parson Yorick.
At some point in time, Yorick later became Sterne's favourite nom de plume.
At some point in time, Yorick was a very successful publicity stunt.
At some point in time, Yorick is the protagonist of Sterne's second work of fiction A Sentimental Journey Through France and Italy.
At some point in time, most of the action is concerned with domestic upsets or misunderstandings.
At some point in time, domestic upsets or misunderstandings find humour in the opposing temperaments of Walter and Uncle Toby.
At some point in time, Walter is splenetic.
At some point in time, Walter is rational.
At some point in time, Walter is somewhat sarcastic.
At some point in time, Uncle Toby is gentle.
At some point in time, Uncle Toby is uncomplicated.
At some point in time, Uncle Toby is a lover of his fellow man.
At some point in time, Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on sexual practices.
At some point in time, Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on insults.
At some point in time, Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on the influence of one's name.
At some point in time, Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on noses.
At some point in time, Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on explorations of obstetrics.
At some point in time, Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on siege warfare.
At some point in time, Tristram finds himself discoursing at length on philosophy.
At some point in time, Tristram struggles to marshal his material.
At some point in time, Tristram struggles to finish the story of his life.
At some point in time, Tristram is always present as narrator and commentator.
At some point in time, the book contains little of Tristram's life.
At some point in time, the book contains the story of a trip through France.
At some point in time, the book contains accounts of four comical mishaps.
At some point in time, the four comical mishaps shaped the course of Tristram's life from an early age.
At some point in time, Tristram's implantation within his mother's womb was disturbed while he was still only a homunculus.
At some point in time, at the very moment of procreation, Tristram's mother asked Tristram's father if he had remembered to wind the clock.
At some point in time, the distraction and annoyance led to the disruption of the proper balance of humours necessary to conceive a well-favoured child.
At some point in time, one of Tristram's father's pet theories was that a large and attractive nose was important to a man making his way in life.
At some point in time, in a difficult birth, Tristram's nose was crushed by Dr. Slop's forceps.
At some point in time, another of Tristram's father's theories was that a person's name exerted enormous influence over that person's nature and fortunes.
At some point in time, the worst possible name according to Tristram's father's theory was Tristram.
At some point in time, Tristram's father decreed that the boy would receive an especially auspicious name, Trismegistus.
At some point in time, Susannah mangled the name Trismegistus in conveying it to the curate.
At some point in time, the child was christened Tristram.
At some point in time, according to Tristram's father's theory, Tristram's name doomed him to a life of woe.
At some point in time, according to Tristram's father's theory, Tristram's name cursed him with the inability to comprehend the causes of his misfortune.
At some point in time, as a toddler, Tristram suffered an accidental circumcision.
At some point in time, Susannah let a window sash fall as Tristram urinated out of the window.
At some point in time, Tristram's chamberpot was missing.