At some point in time, Godwin Peak is a star student at Whitelaw College.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak won a scholarship to attend Whitelaw College.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak wins many academic prizes.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak's future seems promising.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak's Cockney uncle arrives intending to open an eating-house adjacent to Whitelaw College.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak is mortified of being associated with 'trade'.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak leaves Whitelaw College rather than face the scorn he expects to receive from his upper-class fellow students.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak's actions are indicative of his social aspirations upwards.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak's actions are indicative of his snobbery downwards.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak moves to London.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak abhors the social mores of the lower orders.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak pines to be accepted into high society.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak believes his intellect should place him in high society.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak sees writing as a possible entry into high society.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak pens a fiercely critical article on the Church of England and its attitude to Darwinism.
At some point in time, the article written by Godwin Peak is published anonymously.
At some point in time, word of the true authorship of the article spreads within Godwin Peak's small circle of friends.
At some point in time, Christian Moxey has an idealised romantic fixation on a married woman.
At some point in time, Christian Moxey's romantic fixation on the married woman is ultimately unrequited.
At some point in time, Marcella Moxey has a likewise unrequited crush on Godwin Peak.
At some point in time, Malkin has an idea of training an adolescent girl to be a wife worthy of his radical views.
At some point in time, Malkin has formed a relationship with Mrs. Jacox and her daughters to further his plan.
At some point in time, Malkin's plan is ultimately successful.
At some point in time, after submitting the article, Godwin Peak goes on holiday to the West Country.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak stops off in Exeter.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak encounters the Warricombe family in Exeter.
At some point in time, Buckland Warricombe is the son of the Warricombe family.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak was at Whitelaw College with Buckland Warricombe.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak once visited the Warricombe family as a child.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak was smitten by Sidwell Warricombe, the daughter of the Warricombe family.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak trails the Warricombe family around Exeter.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak has an 'accidental' encounter with Buckland Warricombe.
At some point in time, Buckland Warricombe invites Godwin Peak to their house.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak meets Sidwell Warricombe at the Warricombe house.
At some point in time, Sidwell Warricombe is now a beautiful and devoutly religious woman.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak declares himself a Christian.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak declares his intent to take Holy Orders.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak's plan would give him an upper-class wife.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak's plan would give him entry into a socially higher class through his vocation.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak stays in Exeter to execute his plan.
At some point in time, proximity to the Warricombes seems to be getting Godwin Peak closer to his goals.
At some point in time, Buckland Warricombe distrusts Godwin Peak.
At some point in time, Buckland Warricombe sees Godwin Peak as a social upstart.
At some point in time, Buckland Warricombe seeks out Godwin Peak's London friends to ascertain his motives.
At some point in time, Buckland Warricombe meets with the Moxeys.
At some point in time, Malkin arrives while Buckland Warricombe is with the Moxeys.
At some point in time, Malkin exposes Godwin Peak's authorship of the article.
At some point in time, Malkin reveals Godwin Peak as a fraud and hypocrite.
At some point in time, Marcella Moxey does not stop Malkin despite knowing the consequences for Godwin Peak.
At some point in time, Marcella Moxey's actions suit her ends to hamper Godwin Peak and Sidwell Warrcombe's relationship.
At some point in time, Marcella Moxey is shown to be a better mate for Godwin Peak.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak is more interested in Sidwell Warricombe's beauty and social position.
At some point in time, Buckland Warricombe exposes Godwin Peak as a hypocrite to Sidwell Warricombe.
At some point in time, Buckland Warricombe exposes Godwin Peak as a possible fraudster to Sidwell Warricombe.
At some point in time, Sidwell Warricombe has fallen in love with Godwin Peak.
At some point in time, Sidwell Warricombe forgives Godwin Peak.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak feels he cannot stay in Exeter.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak feels he cannot stay in Exeter and be shamed by the revelation of his hypocrisy.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak's feelings are reminiscent of his leaving college rather than be associated with tradespeople.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak and Sidwell Warricombe part.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak and Sidwell Warricombe keep up a cool, sporadic correspondence for some years.
At some point in time, Marcella Moxey is killed while trying to prevent a horse being beaten.
At some point in time, Marcella Moxey leaves her considerable wealth to Godwin Peak.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak reluctantly accepts Marcella Moxey's wealth.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak had previously refused money from Marcella Moxey.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak is now an independent man of means.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak proposes marriage to Sidwell Warricombe.
At some point in time, Sidwell Warricombe almost accepts Godwin Peak's marriage proposal.
At some point in time, Sidwell Warricombe turns down Godwin Peak's marriage proposal out of love and loyalty to her family.
At some point in time, Sidwell Warricombe turns down Godwin Peak's marriage proposal out of loyalty to her father in particular.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak is denied his aspiration to marry into society.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak goes on a tour of Europe.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak contracts Malaria during his tour of Europe.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak dies alone in a Viennese boarding-house.
At some point in time, Godwin Peak was born, lived, and died in exile.