At some point in time, Mr. Woodchuck is about the time Twinkle's father sets a trap for a woodchuck that lives near Mr. Woodchuck's property.
At some point in time, Twinkle goes to see the woodchuck get caught.
At some point in time, Twinkle has a dream in which Twinkle meets the woodchuck and the woodchuck's family.
At some point in time, the woodchucks put Twinkle on trial for being a human.
Humans set cruel traps for the purposes of killing woodchucks.
At some point in time, Twinkle is sentenced to be put in a trap herself.
At some point in time, Twinkle wakes up from the dream.
At some point in time, Twinkle convinces Twinkle's father never to set traps for animals ever again.
At some point in time, Bandit Jim Crow is about a baby crow with a broken wing that Twinkle adopts for a pet.
At some point in time, the baby crow has an evil nature.
At some point in time, as soon as the baby crow's wing is healed, the baby crow kills the family's chickens.
At some point in time, the baby crow escapes to a section of the forest inhabited by birds.
At some point in time, Jim Crow starts stealing and eating other birds' eggs.
At some point in time, the birds get Policeman Bluejay to keep Jim Crow in check.
At some point in time, Jim Crow disguises himself with chalk.
At some point in time, Jim Crow continues stealing eggs after disguising himself.
At some point in time, all the birds attack the disguised Jim Crow.
At some point in time, the birds blind Jim Crow.
At some point in time, Jim Crow is forced to spend the rest of Jim Crow's life helpless.
At some point in time, Jim Crow lives off of the kindness of the other birds.
At some point in time, Prairie-Dog Town is about how Twinkle and Twinkle's friend Chubbins go to have a picnic near a prairie dog village.
At some point in time, the prairie dogs talk to Twinkle and Chubbins.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins are magically shrunk down to prairie-dog size.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins can enter the prairie dog village after being shrunk.
At some point in time, inside the prairie dog village, Twinkle and Chubbins meet a well-to-do family.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins meet the mayor of the prairie dog village.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins are returned to their normal size.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins wonder if the whole adventure was simply a dream.
At some point in time, Prince Mud-Turtle is about Twinkle finding an unusually-colored turtle.
At some point in time, Twinkle brings the unusually-colored turtle home with Twinkle.
At some point in time, Twinkle later finds that the turtle is a fairy prince named Melga.
At some point in time, Melga was put under a curse by the evil Corrugated Giant.
At some point in time, the Corrugated Giant is a creature with no bones.
At some point in time, with the help of the turtle, Twinkle is able to travel to the giant's castle.
At some point in time, Twinkle restores the prince to his normal form.
At some point in time, the prince defeats the giant.
At some point in time, Twinkle is sent back home.
At some point in time, Twinkle's Enchantment is about Twinkle entering a gulch in order to get some berries.
At some point in time, Twinkle meets many curious proverb-based creatures.
At some point in time, the creatures include a Rolling Stone That Gathers No Moss.
At some point in time, the creatures include a Little Learning.
At some point in time, Twinkle avoids the Little Learning because the Little Learning is a dangerous thing.
At some point in time, the creatures include a Weasel that Goes "Pop!".
At some point in time, the creatures include the Birds of One Feather.
At some point in time, Twinkle spends time with a dancing bear.
At some point in time, Twinkle is invited to a grasshopper's ball.
At some point in time, Twinkle wakes up.
At some point in time, Sugar-Loaf Mountain is about how Twinkle and Twinkle's friend Chubbins discover a trap door in Sugar-Loaf Mountain.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins find a key.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins enter inside Sugar-Loaf Mountain.
At some point in time, inside Sugar-Loaf Mountain, Twinkle and Chubbins find a city peopled by beings made entirely out of sugar.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins are captured by soldiers.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins are taken to the king.
At some point in time, the king shows Twinkle and Chubbins the sights.
At some point in time, the king introduces Twinkle and Chubbins to several high-grade citizens.
At some point in time, while leaving, Twinkle and Chubbins accidentally drop the key inside Sugar-Loaf Mountain.
No one can ever enter Sugar-Loaf Mountain again after Twinkle and Chubbins drop the key.