At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille is a reporter and amateur sleuth.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille is sent to investigate a criminal case at the Château du Glandier.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille takes along his friend the lawyer Sainclair.
At some point in time, Sainclair narrates the events of the investigation.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson is the 30-something daughter of the castle's owner.
At some point in time, Professor Joseph Stangerson is the owner of the castle.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson was found near-critically battered in a room adjacent to Professor Joseph Stangerson's laboratory.
At some point in time, the door to the room where Mathilde Stangerson was found is still locked from the inside.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson recovers slowly.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson can make no useful testimony.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille meets several characters during his investigation.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille interrogates the castle's concierges Mr and Mrs Bernier.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille interrogates the old servant Jacques.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille interrogates an unfriendly inn landlord.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille interrogates a womanising gamekeeper.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille begins a friendly rivalry with Frédéric Larsan.
At some point in time, Frédéric Larsan is France's top police detective.
At some point in time, Frédéric Larsan has been assigned to the case.
At some point in time, Frédéric Larsan suspects Mathilde Stangerson's fiancé Robert Darzac.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille is dismayed by Frédéric Larsan's suspicion of Robert Darzac.
At some point in time, more attempts are made on Mathilde Stangerson's life.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille and Frédéric Larsan provide protection for Mathilde Stangerson.
At some point in time, the perpetrator appears to vanish on two occasions.
At some point in time, the perpetrator vanishes when Joseph Rouletabille and Frédéric Larsan are closing in on him.
At some point in time, the vanishing of the perpetrator echoes Professor Joseph Stangerson's research into "matter dissociation."
At some point in time, the gamekeeper is murdered during the second attempt on Mathilde Stangerson's life.
At some point in time, Frédéric Larsan arrests Robert Darzac.
At some point in time, Robert Darzac is charged with murder attempts.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille suspects that Robert Darzac has secret reasons not to defend himself.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille disappears to make further investigations.
At some point in time, two-and-a-half months later, Robert Darzac's trial opens.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille reappears sensationally at Robert Darzac's trial.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille tells the court that the culprit is Frédéric Larsan.
At some point in time, Joseph Rouletabille accuses Frédéric Larsan of being an alter-ego of a master criminal called Ballmeyer.
At some point in time, Frédéric Larsan appeared to vanish on two occasions.
At some point in time, Frédéric Larsan was one of the pursuers during the two occasions he vanished.
At some point in time, Robert Darzac is released when it emerges that Frédéric Larsan has vanished.
At some point in time, Frédéric Larsan vanished after Joseph Rouletabille warned him he would accuse him in court.
At some point in time, the mystery of the locked Yellow Room is explained.
At some point in time, Frédéric Larsan assaulted Mathilde Stangerson earlier in the day than originally thought.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson hid the traces of the attack.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson locked herself in the room.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson fell off her bed during the night.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson inflicted the gravest of her wounds by hitting her temple on the corner of her bedside table.
At some point in time, the background to these events is kept secret in court.
At some point in time, Sainclair finally explains the background to the events.
At some point in time, Ballmeyer had seduced Mathilde Stangerson in her youth.
At some point in time, Ballmeyer married Mathilde Stangerson secretly in the United States.
At some point in time, Ballmeyer and Mathilde Stangerson had a child before Ballmeyer was arrested.
At some point in time, Ballmeyer's identity was revealed to Mathilde Stangerson after his arrest.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson arranged for her son's care and education.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson hid the whole saga from Professor Joseph Stangerson.
At some point in time, Mathilde Stangerson's silence was motivated by her desperation to keep Professor Joseph Stangerson from finding out.
At some point in time, Robert Darzac's behavior was motivated by Mathilde Stangerson's desperation to keep Professor Joseph Stangerson from finding out.
At some point in time, Ballmeyer decided to reappear in Mathilde Stangerson's life.
At some point in time, Ballmeyer intended to claim Mathilde Stangerson as his wife once more.
At some point in time, Ballmeyer intended to claim Mathilde Stangerson by force if necessary.