At some point in time, Chichikov is a middle-aged gentleman of middling social class and means.
At some point in time, Chichikov arrives in a small town.
At some point in time, Chichikov turns on the charm to woo key local officials and landowners.
At some point in time, Chichikov reveals little about his past.
At some point in time, Chichikov reveals little about his purpose.
At some point in time, Chichikov sets about carrying out his bizarre and mysterious plan to acquire "dead souls."
At some point in time, the government would tax the landowners based on how many serfs the landowner owned.
At some point in time, the number of serfs owned by the landowner is determined by the census.
At some point in time, censuses in this period were infrequent.
At some point in time, landowners would often be paying taxes on serfs that were no longer living.
At some point in time, the serfs that were no longer living are referred to as "dead souls."
At some point in time, Chichikov seeks to purchase dead souls from the landlords in the villages he visits.
At some point in time, Chichikov tells the prospective sellers that he has a use for the dead souls.
At some point in time, Chichikov tells the sellers that selling the dead souls would relieve the present owners of a needless tax burden.
At some point in time, the townspeople Chichikov comes across are gross caricatures.
At some point in time, the townspeople Chichikov comes across are not flat stereotypes.
At some point in time, each townspeople is neurotically individual.
At some point in time, the townspeople combine official failings that Gogol typically satirizes with a curious set of personal quirks.
At some point in time, Chichikov assumes that the ignorant provincials will be eager to give their dead souls up in exchange for a token payment.
At some point in time, the task of collecting the rights to dead people proves difficult.
At some point in time, the difficulty in collecting rights to dead people is due to the persistent greed of the landowners.
At some point in time, the difficulty in collecting rights to dead people is due to the suspicion of the landowners.
At some point in time, the difficulty in collecting rights to dead people is due to the general distrust of the landowners.
At some point in time, Chichikov manages to acquire some 400 souls.
At some point in time, Chichikov swears the sellers to secrecy.
At some point in time, Chichikov returns to the town to have the transactions recorded legally.
At some point in time, Chichikov continues to be treated like a prince amongst the petty officials.
At some point in time, a celebration is thrown in honour of Chichikov's purchases.
At some point in time, rumours flare up that the serfs Chichikov bought are all dead.
At some point in time, rumours flare up that Chichikov was planning to elope with the Governor's daughter.
At some point in time, the confusion that ensues conveys the backwardness of the irrational, gossip-hungry townspeople.
At some point in time, absurd suggestions come to light regarding Chichikov.
At some point in time, one absurd suggestion is that Chichikov is Napoleon in disguise.
At some point in time, another absurd suggestion is that Chichikov is the notorious vigilante 'Captain Kopeikin'.
At some point in time, Chichikov is immediately ostracized from the company he had been enjoying.
At some point in time, Chichikov has no choice but to flee the town in disgrace.
At some point in time, Chichikov is revealed by the author to be a former mid-level government official.
At some point in time, Chichikov was fired for corruption.
At some point in time, Chichikov narrowly avoided jail.
At some point in time, Chichikov's mission to acquire "dead souls" is just another one of his "get rich quick" schemes.
At some point in time, once Chichikov acquires enough dead souls, he will take out an enormous loan against them.
At some point in time, Chichikov will pocket the money from the loan.
At some point in time, in the novel's second section, Chichikov flees to another part of Russia.
At some point in time, Chichikov attempts to continue his venture in another part of Russia.
At some point in time, Chichikov tries to help the idle landowner Tentetnikov gain favor with General Betrishchev.
At some point in time, Chichikov tries to help Tentetnikov so that Tentetnikov may marry General Betrishchev's daughter, Ulinka.
At some point in time, Chichikov agrees to visit many of General Betrishchev's relatives.
At some point in time, Chichikov begins his visits with Colonel Koshkaryov.
At some point in time, Chichikov begins again to go from estate to estate.
At some point in time, Chichikov encounters eccentric and absurd characters all along the way.
At some point in time, Chichikov purchases an estate from the destitute Khlobuyev.
At some point in time, Chichikov is arrested when he attempts to forge the will of Khlobuyev's rich aunt.
At some point in time, Chichikov is pardoned thanks to the intervention of the kindly Mourazov.
At some point in time, Chichikov is forced to flee the village.
At some point in time, the novel ends mid-sentence.
At some point in time, the prince who arranged Chichikov's arrest gives a grand speech.
At some point in time, the grand speech rails against corruption in the Russian government.