At some point in time, Rachel Ray is the younger daughter of a lawyer's widow.
At some point in time, Rachel Ray lives with her mother, Mrs. Ray, and her widowed sister, Dorothea Prime.
At some point in time, Rachel Ray, Mrs. Ray, and Dorothea Prime live in a cottage near Exeter in Devon.
At some point in time, Mrs. Ray is amiable.
At some point in time, Mrs. Ray is weak.
At some point in time, Mrs. Ray is unable to make decisions on her own.
At some point in time, Mrs. Ray is ruled by her older daughter, Rachel Ray.
At some point in time, Dorothea Prime is a strict Evangelical.
At some point in time, Dorothea Prime is a gloomy Evangelical.
At some point in time, Dorothea Prime is persuaded that all worldly joys are impediments to salvation.
At some point in time, Rachel Ray is courted by Luke Rowan.
At some point in time, Luke Rowan is a young man from London.
At some point in time, Luke Rowan has inherited an interest in the profitable local brewery.
At some point in time, Dorothea Prime suspects Luke Rowan's morals.
At some point in time, Dorothea Prime suspects Luke Rowan's motives.
At some point in time, Dorothea Prime communicates her suspicions about Luke Rowan to Mrs. Ray.
At some point in time, Mrs. Ray consults her pastor, Charles Comfort.
At some point in time, Charles Comfort is a Low Churchman.
At some point in time, Charles Comfort vouches for Luke Rowan.
At some point in time, Mrs. Ray allows Rachel Ray to accept Luke Rowan's offer of marriage.
At some point in time, Rowan falls into a dispute with the senior proprietor of the brewery.
At some point in time, Rowan returns to London to seek legal advice.
At some point in time, rumours circulate about Luke Rowan's conduct in Devon.
At some point in time, Charles Comfort believes the rumours about Luke Rowan.
At some point in time, Charles Comfort advises Mrs. Ray to end the engagement between Rachel Ray and Luke Rowan.
At some point in time, Rachel Ray obeys her mother's instructions.
At some point in time, Rachel Ray writes to Luke Rowan to release him from the engagement.
At some point in time, Luke Rowan fails to respond to Rachel Ray's letter.
At some point in time, Rachel Ray grows increasingly depressed.
At some point in time, Luke Rowan returns to Devon.
At some point in time, the dispute over the brewery is settled to Luke Rowan's satisfaction.
At some point in time, Luke Rowan calls upon the Rays.
At some point in time, Luke Rowan assures Rachel Ray that his love for her is still strong.
At some point in time, Rachel Ray assents to Luke Rowan's renewed proposals.
At some point in time, marital bliss ensues for Rachel Ray and Luke Rowan.
At some point in time, a subplot involves the abortive courtship of Dorothea Prime by her pastor, Samuel Prong.
At some point in time, Samuel Prong is a zealous Evangelical.
At some point in time, Samuel Prong is an intolerant Evangelical.
At some point in time, Samuel Prong's religious beliefs are in agreement with Dorothea Prime's beliefs.
At some point in time, Samuel Prong insists on a husband's authority over his wife.
At some point in time, Samuel Prong insists on a husband's authority over the income from his wife's first husband's estate.
At some point in time, Dorothea Prime wants to retain control of her money.
At some point in time, Dorothea Prime is unwilling to submit to a husband's rule.