At some point in time, the Universal House of Justice asserts that world peace is possible.
At some point in time, world peace is now within reach for the first time in human history.
At some point in time, the current international system of governance is flawed.
At some point in time, the current international system of governance is unable to eradicate the threats of war.
At some point in time, the current international system of governance is unable to eradicate the threats of terrorism.
At some point in time, the current international system of governance is unable to eradicate the threats of anarchy.
At some point in time, the current international system of governance is unable to eradicate the threats of economic instability.
At some point in time, there is a widespread belief that human beings are intrinsically hostile.
At some point in time, there is a widespread belief that human beings are intrinsically aggressive.
At some point in time, the flaws in the current international system make long-term global peace unsustainable.
At some point in time, the human race has been developing through its history.
At some point in time, the human race has been maturing through its history.
Human beings are fundamentally spiritual in nature.
Human beings are the creation of God.
Human beings are capable of building civilization.
At some point in time, human beings are capable of creating a peaceful world if they decide to do so.
The Universal House of Justice asserts that peace cannot occur without religion.
At some point in time, the Universal House of Justice quotes Baha’u’llah.
Baha’u’llah is the founder of the Baha’i Faith.
At some point in time, religion is the greatest of all means for the establishment of order in the world.
At some point in time, religion is the greatest of all means for the peaceful contentment of all that dwell therein.
At some point in time, the source of religious strife does not lie with the different religions themselves.
At some point in time, the source of religious strife lies with the negligence of humanity.
At some point in time, the source of religious strife lies with the imposition of erroneous interpretations.
At some point in time, erroneous interpretations have separated faith from reason.
At some point in time, erroneous interpretations have separated science from religion.
At some point in time, societies around the world have rejected religion as irrelevant.
At some point in time, societies around the world have adopted a wide number of ideologies.
At some point in time, the ideologies adopted by societies around the world have failed to serve the interests of humanity as a whole.
At some point in time, peace cannot be achieved simply by banning particular weapons.
At some point in time, peace cannot be achieved simply by resolving specific conflicts.
At some point in time, peace cannot be achieved simply by signing new treaties.
At some point in time, peace requires a whole new level of commitment.
At some point in time, a new framework must be adopted for peace.
At some point in time, the new framework for peace must be based on several overarching principles.
At some point in time, the new framework for peace must be based on a genuine interest in creating a peaceful world.
At some point in time, the underlying problems that must be addressed include racism and discrimination based on race.
At some point in time, the underlying problems that must be addressed include discrimination based on gender.
At some point in time, the underlying problems that must be addressed include discrimination based on religious belief.
At some point in time, the underlying problems that must be addressed include the inordinate disparity between the rich and the poor.
At some point in time, the underlying problems that must be addressed include unbridled nationalism.
At some point in time, the underlying problems that must be addressed include religious strife.
At some point in time, the underlying problems that must be addressed include the inequality between men and women.
At some point in time, the underlying problems that must be addressed include the lack of educational opportunity for many around the world.
At some point in time, the underlying problems that must be addressed include a fundamental lack of communication between peoples.
At some point in time, peace must be founded on the understanding that mankind is essentially one human family.
At some point in time, the Universal House of Justice calls for the leaders of the world to gather.
At some point in time, the Universal House of Justice calls for the leaders of the world to deliberate on the problem.
At some point in time, the Universal House of Justice calls for the full support of the United Nations.
At some point in time, the Universal House of Justice calls for the willing assent of all people for the process of deliberation.