At some point in time, the story starts in 1784.
At some point in time, the year 1784 is before the French revolution.
At some point in time, wealthy Paul Déroulède has offended the young Vicomte de Marny.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède spoke disrespectfully of Adèle de Monterchéri.
At some point in time, Adèle de Monterchéri is the latest infatuation of the young Vicomte de Marny.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède did not intend to get into the quarrel.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède has a tendency to blunder into things.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède's tendency to blunder into things is a part of the inheritance bequeathed to him by his bourgeois ancestry.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny is incensed at the slur on Adèle.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny sees Adèle as a paragon of virtue.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny challenges Paul Déroulède to a duel.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède does not want to fight the duel.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède knows and respects the boy's father, the Duc de Marny.
At some point in time, swords are drawn.
At some point in time, the fight ensues in the centre of the salon.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny is no match for Paul Déroulède's swordplay.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny is addled with wine and rage.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède disarms the Vicomte de Marny.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède has won the duel.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny refuses to back down without complete satisfaction.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny demands that Paul Déroulède get down on his knees and apologize.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède finally loses his temper with the young Vicomte.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède raises his sword to disarm the Vicomte de Marny once more.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny lunges wildly at Paul Déroulède's breast.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny manages to literally throw himself on Paul Déroulède's weapon.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Marny is dead.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède can do nothing but leave the establishment.
At some point in time, the Duc de Marny is distraught on hearing of the death of his only son.
At some point in time, the Duc de Marny is a cripple and almost a dotard.
At some point in time, the Duc de Marny summons his fourteen-year-old daughter, Juliette, to his side.
At some point in time, the Duc de Marny forces Juliette to swear an oath to ruin Paul Déroulède in revenge for her brother's death.
At some point in time, the Duc de Marny tells Juliette that her brother's soul will remain in torment until the final judgement day should she break her promise.
At some point in time, the story picks up ten years later.
At some point in time, Citizen Paul Déroulède is no longer rich.
At some point in time, Citizen Paul Déroulède is a lawyer popular with the people.
At some point in time, Citizen Paul Déroulède is allowed to go his own way.
At some point in time, Marat has said of Citizen Paul Déroulède "Il n'est pas dangereux".
At some point in time, Citizen Paul Déroulède leads a quiet life.
At some point in time, Citizen Paul Déroulède lives alone with his mother.
At some point in time, Citizen Paul Déroulède lives with his orphaned cousin Anne Mie.
At some point in time, Citizen Paul Déroulède lives in the Rue Ecole de Médecine.
At some point in time, at 6 pm on August 19, 1793, Juliette Marny walks into the Rue Ecole de Médecine.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny stops just outside the house belonging to Citizen-Deputy Paul Déroulède.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny suddenly starts to draw attention to herself.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny invokes the anger of the crowd through her proud aristocratic manner.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny hammers on Paul Déroulède's door.
At some point in time, the crowd shouts and lashes out at Juliette Marny.
At some point in time, just before the crowd can drag Juliette Marny away, the door opens.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny is pulled inside.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny tricks her way into Paul Déroulède's home.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny is invited to stay for her own safety.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny agrees to stay.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny eventually reveals her identity.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny fails to realize that Paul Déroulède only wishes to make amends for the death of her brother.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny continues to plot revenge on Paul Déroulède.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède tells Juliette Marny that he has accepted the post of Governor of the Conciergerie prison.
At some point in time, Queen Marie Antoinette is imprisoned in the Conciergerie prison.
At some point in time, Sir Percy Blakeney visits Paul Déroulède at home.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny overhears Sir Percy Blakeney warning Paul Déroulède off a scheme to free Queen Marie Antoinette.
At some point in time, Sir Percy Blakeney warns Paul Déroulède that the scheme to free Queen Marie Antoinette is doomed to failure.
At some point in time, Sir Percy Blakeney advises Paul Déroulède to burn a bundle of papers relating to the plot.
At some point in time, if the bundle of papers is found, Paul Déroulède would be arrested for treason and sentenced to death.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny sees her chance.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny posts a letter denouncing her host.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny realizes too late that she has failed to take account of the fact that Paul Déroulède has fallen madly in love with her.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny has also come to love Paul Déroulède.
At some point in time, soldiers arrive to search Paul Déroulède's home.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny hides the letter box.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny escapes to her room.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny attempts to burn the letter box.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny places the burnt remains among her belongings.
At some point in time, the soldiers discover the burnt remains.
At some point in time, the soldiers arrest Juliette Marny.
At some point in time, the search turned up nothing suspicious against Paul Déroulède.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède is allowed to remain free.
At some point in time, during her trial, Juliette Marny keeps to the story that the burnt letter box contained love letters.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède defends his love.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède admits that the letters are his own.
At some point in time, Paul Déroulède admits that he has committed treason.
At some point in time, both Juliette Marny and Paul Déroulède are sentenced to death.
At some point in time, the Scarlet Pimpernel and his comrades manage to rescue Juliette Marny and Paul Déroulède.
At some point in time, Juliette Marny and Paul Déroulède are rescued on their journey from the courthouse to the prison.