At some point in time, the residents of Linnville pride themselves on the lack of tourism.
At some point in time, the residents of Linnville pride themselves on the absence of a summer hotel.
The Liscom family never had boarders before accepting the Jamesons.
At some point in time, the Jamesons came to Linnville in search of a place to stay.
At some point in time, the arrival of the Jamesons caused a great commotion.
At some point in time, Cobb Jameson saw smoke inside his new temporary residence.
At some point in time, Cobb Jameson ran outside and yelled “Fire!”
At some point in time, word quickly traveled down the street.
At some point in time, a crowd formed outside the Liscom house.
At some point in time, firemen drenched the entire Liscom house.
At some point in time, Mrs. Caroline Liscom was furious that her house was soaked with water.
At some point in time, the smoke inside the Liscom house was only caused by the chimney.
At some point in time, Mrs. Caroline Liscom was rude to her new boarders.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson tried to find a new place to live in response to Mrs. Caroline Liscom's rudeness.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson had no luck finding a new place to live.
At some point in time, both families were forced to live under the same roof for the next several weeks.
At some point in time, the Jamesons consisted of a mother, a father, two daughters, one son, and a grandmother.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson quickly gave her family a bad reputation at a Linnville annual picnic.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson made an announcement to the village that their unhealthy foods were “poison.”
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson insulted the residents of Linnville.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson claimed that their rich pies and cakes caused insanity and dyspepsia in people of their social class.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson suggested that the residents of Linnville should only eat the health foods she consumes.
At some point in time, the people of Linnville responded as politely as possible to Mrs. Jameson's insults.
At some point in time, the people of Linnville continued on with the picnic as though nothing happened.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson insulted the women of the village at their next meeting.
At some point in time, the meeting was the Ladies' Sewing Circle.
At some point in time, the women became aware that Mrs. Jameson was trying to improve them.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson interrupted the meeting to “improve their minds and enlarge their spheres.”
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson read passages from Robert Browning at the Ladies' Sewing Circle meeting.
At some point in time, the women were not entertained by Mrs. Jameson's reading.
At some point in time, the women were respectful when Mrs. Jameson finished lecturing them.
At some point in time, several weeks later, the Jamesons returned to the city for the winter.
At some point in time, the next chapter began their second summer in Linnville.
At some point in time, the Jamesons purchased their own home and farm to run for their second summer.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson was clueless about how a farm should be run.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson was the victim of some tricks when purchasing animals for the barn.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson made some changes herself to the farm.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson tried to impose her changes on the community.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson stopped wearing the fancy city clothes she had worn in the past.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson began wearing what she thought was most practical for a country person to wear.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson insulted and instructed the other women to adopt her style.
At some point in time, some women followed Mrs. Jameson’s style.
At some point in time, many women did not follow Mrs. Jameson’s style.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson made bold statements against the traditions of Linnville.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson painted her house red with dark shutters.
At some point in time, every other house in Linnville was white with green shutters.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson decided that the town would look better if the houses had ivy growing on them.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson planted ivy around everyone's homes without their permission.
At some point in time, the ivy that Mrs. Jameson planted was poison ivy.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson had to go back to the houses and remove the poison ivy.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson tried to change the interiors of people's homes.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson tried to get rid of framed-coffin plates of deceased loved ones in the parlors.
Framed-coffin plates of deceased loved ones were a common décor in the homes of Linnville.
At some point in time, with every act against the norms of Linnville, Mrs. Jameson got more enemies.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson was distracted with trying to “improve” Linnville.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson did not notice that one of her daughters was in a clandestine relationship with the Liscom boy.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson did not approve of the Liscom boy due to his family's inferior social standing.
At some point in time, the young lovers were eventually caught.
At some point in time, both of their mothers were furious when the young lovers were caught.
At some point in time, Mrs. Liscom did not approve of Harriett Jameson because she was not trained in housekeeping.
At some point in time, an expected turn of events led Mrs. Liscom to adore Harriett Jameson.
At some point in time, Harriett Jameson and the Liscom boy got married at the end of the novel.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson organized a Centennial party for the town's 100th birthday.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson collected the oldest furniture from houses around the town.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson decorated the oldest house in town with the oldest furniture.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson invited celebrities with connections to Linnville.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson organized a parade for the Centennial party.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson set up a dinner with speeches from honorable people for the Centennial party.
At some point in time, the event for the Centennial party went well.
At some point in time, many people had a newfound respect for Mrs. Jameson after the event.
At some point in time, Harriett's dress caught on fire towards the end of the celebration.
At some point in time, Mrs. Liscom saved Harriett from the fire.
At some point in time, Mrs. Liscom and Harriett became very close to each other after the fire.
At some point in time, Harriett did not suffer from any severe wounds.
At some point in time, Harriett took housekeeping lessons from Mrs. Liscom until the wedding.
At some point in time, Mrs. Jameson accepted Harry Liscom as her son-in-law.
At some point in time, people learned to love the Jameson family collectively by the end of the story.
At some point in time, people were happy that the Jameson family came to town despite the drama they brought along with them.