At some point in time, two years have passed since the last book.
At some point in time, Princess Irene goes to Gwyntystorm.
At some point in time, Princess Irene's father goes to Gwyntystorm.
At some point in time, Curdie stays at home with his mother.
At some point in time, Curdie stays at home with his father.
At some point in time, Curdie begins to hunt for pleasure.
At some point in time, Curdie begins to doubt Princess Irene's story of her great-great grandmother.
At some point in time, Curdie shoots down a white pigeon.
At some point in time, Curdie remembers Princess Irene's tale of her grandmother's pigeons.
At some point in time, Curdie assumes the white pigeon he has shot down was one of Princess Irene's grandmother's pigeons.
At some point in time, Curdie becomes aware of his folly.
At some point in time, a light appears at the roof of the castle.
At some point in time, Curdie follows the light.
At some point in time, Curdie meets the old Princess.
At some point in time, the old Princess appears small and withered.
At some point in time, the old Princess's appearance is contrary to Princess Irene's descriptions.
At some point in time, the old Princess gently tells Curdie of his wrong thinking.
At some point in time, Curdie confesses to the old Princess.
At some point in time, because Curdie now believes, the pigeon heals.
At some point in time, the old Princess tells Curdie to keep his bow and arrows.
At some point in time, the old Princess tells Curdie to use his bow and arrows for good instead of bad things.
At some point in time, the old Princess tells Curdie he must go on a special quest.
At some point in time, the old Princess burns Curdie's hands in her special fire of roses.
At some point in time, Curdie's cleansed hands possess the ability to feel the hands of his fellow men.
At some point in time, Curdie's cleansed hands can detect what kind of person or beast others are on the inside.
At some point in time, the old Princess gives Curdie's father a special emerald.
At some point in time, Curdie's father must keep the special emerald while Curdie is away on the quest.
At some point in time, if Curdie is in danger, the emerald will change colour.
At some point in time, the emerald will alert Curdie's father to go after Curdie.
At some point in time, Curdie is given a monstrous yet friendly beast named Lina as his only travelling companion.
At some point in time, Lina saves Curdie from many perils as they travel to Gwyntystorm.
At some point in time, Curdie's task becomes clear once they reach their destination.
At some point in time, Curdie finds himself at the King's palace.
At some point in time, the King lies weak and ill in his bedchamber.
At some point in time, Princess Irene is the King's only nurse.
At some point in time, Curdie sneaks in to spy on what is going on.
At some point in time, Curdie eavesdrops on the palace servants.
At some point in time, Curdie realizes that the King's "doctor" is actually slowly poisoning the King.
At some point in time, the palace servants have become morally corrupt.
At some point in time, the palace courtiers have become morally corrupt.
At some point in time, the palace servants and courtiers are enemies of the King.
At some point in time, no one can be trusted in the palace.
At some point in time, Princess Irene is in mortal danger.
At some point in time, the King is in mortal danger.
At some point in time, Curdie realizes why the old Princess has sent him.
At some point in time, Curdie must save the King from a plot to poison him.
At some point in time, Curdie must save the King from a plot to steal his kingdom.
At some point in time, Curdie must save the King from a plot to forcibly marry Princess Irene to an evil pretender.
At some point in time, the old Princess has been disguised as a housemaid.
At some point in time, the King, Princess Irene, and the kingdom are saved with the aid of the old Princess.
At some point in time, Curdie and Princess Irene are later married.
At some point in time, Curdie and Princess Irene rule the kingdom after the King dies.
At some point in time, Curdie and Princess Irene have no children.
At some point in time, after Curdie and Princess Irene both die, the kingdom deteriorates.
At some point in time, the kingdom collapses after Curdie and Princess Irene both die.
The kingdom has never been spoken of again.