At some point in time, a nameless narrator goes to Venice to find Juliana Bordereau.
At some point in time, Juliana Bordereau is an old lover of Jeffrey Aspern.
At some point in time, Jeffrey Aspern is a famous and now dead American poet.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator presents himself to Juliana Bordereau as a prospective lodger.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator is prepared to court Miss Tita.
At some point in time, Miss Tita is the niece of Juliana Bordereau.
At some point in time, Miss Tita is a plain, somewhat naive spinster.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator hopes to get a look at some of Jeffrey Aspern's letters and other papers kept by Juliana Bordereau.
At some point in time, Miss Tita had denied the existence of any such papers in a letter to the nameless narrator and his publishing partner.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator believes Miss Tita was dissembling on instructions from Juliana Bordereau.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator eventually discloses his intentions to Miss Tita.
At some point in time, Miss Tita promises to help the nameless narrator.
At some point in time, Juliana Bordereau offers to sell a portrait miniature of Jeffrey Aspern to the nameless narrator for an exorbitant price.
At some point in time, Juliana Bordereau does not mention Jeffrey Aspern's name.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator believes Juliana Bordereau possesses some of Jeffrey Aspern's letters.
At some point in time, Juliana Bordereau falls ill.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator ventures into Juliana Bordereau's room.
At some point in time, Juliana Bordereau catches the nameless narrator as he is about to rifle her desk for the letters.
At some point in time, Juliana Bordereau calls the nameless narrator a "publishing scoundrel."
At some point in time, Juliana Bordereau collapses.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator flees.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator returns some days later.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator discovers that Juliana Bordereau has died.
At some point in time, Miss Tita hints that the nameless narrator can have the Aspern letters if he marries her.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator flees again.
At some point in time, at first, the nameless narrator feels he can never accept the proposal.
At some point in time, gradually, the nameless narrator begins to change his mind.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator returns to see Miss Tita.
At some point in time, Miss Tita bids the nameless narrator farewell.
At some point in time, Miss Tita tells the nameless narrator that she has burned all the letters one by one.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator never sees the precious papers.
At some point in time, the nameless narrator sends Miss Tita some money for the miniature portrait of Jeffrey Aspern that she gives him.