At some point in time, Eugénie Grandet is set in the town of Saumur.
At some point in time, Eugénie's father Felix is a former cooper.
At some point in time, Felix has become wealthy through business ventures.
At some point in time, Felix has become wealthy through inheritance.
At some point in time, Felix inherited the estates of his mother-in-law.
At some point in time, Felix inherited the estates of his grandfather-in-law.
At some point in time, Felix inherited the estates of his grandmother.
At some point in time, Felix inherited all three estates in one year.
At some point in time, Felix is very miserly.
At some point in time, Felix, his wife, daughter, and their servant Nanon live in a run-down old house.
At some point in time, Felix is too miserly to repair the run-down old house.
At some point in time, Felix's banker des Grassins wishes Eugénie to marry his son Adolphe.
At some point in time, Felix's lawyer Cruchot wishes Eugénie to marry his nephew President Cruchot des Bonfons.
At some point in time, Des Grassins and Cruchot both eye the inheritance from Felix.
At some point in time, the two families constantly visit the Grandets to gain Felix's favor.
At some point in time, Felix plays the two families off against each other for his own advantage.
At some point in time, on Eugénie's birthday, in 1819, Felix's nephew Charles Grandet arrives from Paris unexpectedly.
At some point in time, Charles Grandet has been sent to Saumur by his father Guillaume.
At some point in time, Charles does not realize that his father is planning to take his own life.
At some point in time, Guillaume reveals his plan to take his own life to his brother Felix in a confidential letter.
At some point in time, Charles carries the confidential letter from Guillaume to Felix.
At some point in time, Charles is a spoilt young man.
At some point in time, Charles is an indolent young man.
At some point in time, Charles is having an affair with an older woman.
At some point in time, Charles's father's ruin and suicide are published in the newspaper.
At some point in time, Felix reveals his problems to Charles.
At some point in time, Felix considers Charles to be a burden.
At some point in time, Felix plans to send Charles off overseas to make his own fortune.
At some point in time, Eugénie and Charles fall in love with each other.
At some point in time, Eugénie and Charles hope to eventually marry.
At some point in time, Eugénie gives Charles some of her own money.
At some point in time, Eugénie gives Charles money to help with his trading ventures.
At some point in time, Felix hatches a plan to profit from his brother's ruin.
At some point in time, Felix announces to Cruchot des Bonfons that he plans to liquidate his brother's business.
At some point in time, Felix plans to avoid a declaration of bankruptcy.
At some point in time, Felix plans to save the family honor.
At some point in time, Cruchot des Bonfons volunteers to go to Paris to make the arrangements.
At some point in time, Cruchot des Bonfons will go to Paris provided that Felix pays his expenses.
At some point in time, the des Grassins visit Felix while he is in discussions with Cruchot des Bonfons.
At some point in time, the banker des Grassins volunteers to do Felix's bidding for free.
At some point in time, Felix accepts des Grassins' offer instead of Cruchot des Bonfons' offer.
At some point in time, the business is liquidated.
At some point in time, the creditors get 46% of their debts in exchange for their bank bills.
At some point in time, Felix ignores all demands to pay the rest of the debts.
At some point in time, Felix sells the bank bills at a profit.
At some point in time, Charles has left to travel overseas.
At some point in time, Charles entrusts Eugénie with a small gold plated cabinet.
At some point in time, the small gold plated cabinet contains pictures of Charles's parents.
At some point in time, Felix is angered when he discovers that Eugénie has given her money to Charles.
At some point in time, Eugénie gives all her money in gold coins to Charles.
At some point in time, Felix's wife falls ill after discovering that Eugénie has given her money to Charles.
At some point in time, Eugénie is confined to her room after Felix's wife falls ill.
At some point in time, Felix and Eugénie eventually reconcile.
At some point in time, Felix reluctantly agrees that Eugénie can marry Charles.
At some point in time, in 1827, Charles returns to France.
At some point in time, both of Eugénie's parents have died by the time Charles returns.
At some point in time, Charles is no longer in love with Eugénie.
At some point in time, Charles has become very wealthy through his trading.
At some point in time, Charles has become extremely corrupt.
At some point in time, Charles becomes engaged to the daughter of an impoverished aristocratic family.
At some point in time, Charles becomes engaged to make himself respectable.
At some point in time, Charles writes to Eugénie to announce his marriage plans.
At some point in time, Charles writes to Eugénie to break off their engagement.
At some point in time, Charles sends a cheque to Eugénie to pay off the money that she gave him.
At some point in time, Eugénie is heartbroken when she receives Charles's letter.
At some point in time, Eugénie discovers that Charles had been back in France for a month when he wrote to her.
At some point in time, Eugénie sends back the small gold plated cabinet.
At some point in time, Eugénie decides to become engaged to Cruchot des Bonfons.
At some point in time, Eugénie has two conditions for her engagement to Cruchot des Bonfons.
At some point in time, one condition is that Eugénie remains a virgin after marriage.
At some point in time, the other condition is that Cruchot des Bonfons agrees to go to Paris.
At some point in time, Cruchot des Bonfons agrees to go to Paris to act for Eugénie.
At some point in time, Cruchot des Bonfons agrees to pay off all the debts due to Guillaume Grandet's creditors.
At some point in time, Cruchot des Bonfons carries out the debt payment in full.
At some point in time, the debt payment comes just in time for Charles.
At some point in time, Charles finds that his future father-in-law objects to letting his daughter marry the son of a bankrupt.
At some point in time, when Charles meets Cruchot des Bonfons, he discovers that Eugénie is far wealthier than he is.
At some point in time, during his brief stay at Saumur, Charles assumed that his relatives were poor.
At some point in time, Cruchot des Bonfons marries Eugénie.
At some point in time, Cruchot des Bonfons is hopeful of becoming fabulously wealthy.
At some point in time, Cruchot des Bonfons dies young.
At some point in time, at the end of the book, Eugénie is a very wealthy widow.
At some point in time, Eugénie is thirty-three years old at the end of the book.
At some point in time, Eugénie has inherited her husband's fortune.
At some point in time, at the end of the novel, Eugénie should be unhappy by the standards of the time.
At some point in time, Eugénie is childless at the end of the novel.
At some point in time, Eugénie is widowed at the end of the novel.
At some point in time, Eugénie is quite content with her lot at the end of the novel.
At some point in time, Eugénie has learned to live life on her own terms.
At some point in time, Eugénie has learned of the hypocrisy and shallowness of the bourgeois.
At some point in time, Eugénie has learned that her best friends will come from the lower classes.