At some point in time, Joseph Mason of Groby Park, Yorkshire, died.
At some point in time, Joseph Mason of Groby Park, Yorkshire, left his estate to his family.
At some point in time, a codicil to Joseph Mason's will left Orley Farm to Joseph Mason's much younger second wife.
At some point in time, a codicil to Joseph Mason's will left Orley Farm to Joseph Mason's infant son.
At some point in time, the will and the codicil were in Joseph Mason's second wife's handwriting.
At some point in time, there were three witnesses to the will and the codicil.
At some point in time, one of the witnesses to the will and the codicil was no longer alive.
At some point in time, a court case confirmed the codicil.
At some point in time, twenty years passed after Joseph Mason's death.
At some point in time, Lady Mason lives at Orley Farm.
At some point in time, Lady Mason lives at Orley Farm with her adult son, Lucius.
At some point in time, Lucius asked Samuel Dockwrath to leave Orley Farm.
At some point in time, Lucius wants to try new intensive farming methods.
At some point in time, Samuel Dockwrath is aggrieved by Lucius's request.
At some point in time, Samuel Dockwrath knows of the original court case.
At some point in time, John Kenneby was one of the witnesses to the codicil.
At some point in time, John Kenneby had been an unsuccessful suitor of Samuel Dockwrath's wife, Miriam Usbech.
At some point in time, Samuel Dockwrath investigates the codicil.
At some point in time, Samuel Dockwrath finds a second deed signed by the same witnesses on the same date.
At some point in time, the witnesses can remember signing only one deed.
At some point in time, Samuel Dockwrath travels to Groby Park in Yorkshire.
At some point in time, Joseph Mason the younger lives at Groby Park with his comically parsimonious wife.
At some point in time, Samuel Dockwrath persuades Joseph Mason the younger to have Lady Mason prosecuted for forgery.
At some point in time, the prosecution of Lady Mason for forgery fails.
At some point in time, Lady Mason later confesses privately that she committed forgery.
At some point in time, Lady Mason is prompted by conscience to give up the estate.
At some point in time, there are various subplots in the narrative.
At some point in time, the main subplot deals with a slowly unfolding romance between Felix Graham and Madeline Staveley.
At some point in time, Felix Graham is a young and relatively poor barrister without family.
At some point in time, Madeline Staveley is the daughter of Judge Stavely of Noningsby.
At some point in time, Felix Graham has a long-standing engagement to Mary Snow.
At some point in time, Mary Snow is penniless.
At some point in time, Felix Graham supports and educates Mary Snow while she is being "moulded" to be his wife.
At some point in time, the Cleve lies between the Staveleys at Alston and Orley Farm at Hamworth.
At some point in time, Sir Peregrine Orme lives at the Cleve with his daughter-in-law, Mrs. Orme.
At some point in time, Sir Peregrine Orme lives at the Cleve with his grandson, Peregrine.
At some point in time, Sir Peregrine falls in love with Lady Mason.
At some point in time, Sir Peregrine is briefly engaged to Lady Mason.
At some point in time, Lady Mason calls off the engagement to Sir Peregrine.
At some point in time, Lady Mason calls off the engagement when she realizes the seriousness of the court case.
At some point in time, Mr. Furnival is another barrister.
At some point in time, Mr. Furnival befriends Lady Mason.
At some point in time, Mr. Furnival's wife becomes jealous of Lady Mason.
At some point in time, Mr. Furnival has a daughter named Sophia.
At some point in time, Sophia has a brief relationship with Augustus Stavely.
At some point in time, Sophia has a brief engagement to Lucius Mason.
At some point in time, eventually, Mr. Furnival and his wife are reconciled.
At some point in time, Sophia's engagement to Lucius Mason is dropped.
At some point in time, Sophia is portrayed as an intelligent woman.
At some point in time, Sophia writes comically skillful letters.