At some point in time, Major von Tellheim is wounded and dishonorably discharged from the Prussian Army.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim is waiting at a Berlin hotel with his servant.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim is waiting for the outcome of his trial.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim is threatened by financial troubles.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim is threatened by serious bribery allegations.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim's condition is penniless.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim's penniless condition is because repayment of a large sum is being held up.
At some point in time, the large sum was advanced to the government during the recent war.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim's honor in making the loan is questioned.
At some point in time, the landlord has caused Major von Tellheim's effects to be removed.
At some point in time, the landlord has caused Major von Tellheim's effects to be removed because his rooms were needed for a lady and her maid.
At some point in time, the landlord doubts Major von Tellheim's ability to pay.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim is already somewhat in arrears.
At some point in time, the landlord comes upon a sealed envelope marked as containing five hundred thalers.
At some point in time, the discovery of the sealed envelope makes the landlord anxious to placate Major von Tellheim.
At some point in time, the money has been left with Major von Tellheim by Paul Werner.
At some point in time, Paul Werner is Major von Tellheim's former sergeant.
At some point in time, Paul Werner knows Major von Tellheim's predicament.
At some point in time, Paul Werner hopes that Major von Tellheim will use the money as his own.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim is too honorable to borrow when he has no assurance of repaying.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim bids his servant, Just, to take his last possession of value.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim's last possession of value is an expensive ring.
At some point in time, Just pawns the ring to satisfy the landlord's bill.
At some point in time, Just pawns the ring to satisfy his own back wages.
At some point in time, Just refuses to accept either wages or dismissal.
At some point in time, Just refuses to accept either wages or dismissal on the plea that he is in Major von Tellheim's debt.
At some point in time, Just will have to work out his debt to Major von Tellheim.
At some point in time, the landlord shows the ring to his newly arrived guests.
At some point in time, the landlord reveals considerable concerning Major von Tellheim's circumstances.
At some point in time, Minna von Barnhelm recognizes the ring as one of the betrothal rings exchanged with Major von Tellheim.
At some point in time, Minna von Barnhelm is overjoyed that her search for her missing lover is ended.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim refuses to accept Minna von Barnhelm's hand.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim refuses to continue the engagement.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim refuses to continue the engagement because of his precarious circumstances.
At some point in time, Minna von Barnhelm pretends that she is penniless.
At some point in time, Minna von Barnhelm pretends that she is in dire straits.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim immediately claims the privilege of marrying and protecting Minna von Barnhelm.
At some point in time, a delayed letter from the King is delivered.
At some point in time, the delayed letter announces the restoration of Major von Tellheim's fortune.
At some point in time, the delayed letter announces the vindication of Major von Tellheim's honor.
At some point in time, Minna von Barnhelm pretends that she cannot marry Major von Tellheim.
At some point in time, Minna von Barnhelm pretends that she cannot marry Major von Tellheim because of the inequality of their circumstances.
At some point in time, Minna von Barnhelm uses Major von Tellheim's own recent arguments to confound him.
At some point in time, Major von Tellheim is reduced to the verge of despair.
At some point in time, Minna's uncle and guardian threatens to give the whole thing away.
At some point in time, Minna relents and reveals the truth.
At some point in time, matters are settled to the satisfaction of everyone.
At some point in time, matters are settled to the satisfaction of Franziska.
At some point in time, matters are settled to the satisfaction of Paul Werner.
At some point in time, Franziska and Paul Werner have discovered a lively interest in each other.