At some point in time, the book mostly follows the lives of Plumfield boys.
At some point in time, the book introduces Tommy, Emil, Demi, Nat, Dan, Professor Bhaer, and Jo's sons Rob and Teddy.
At some point in time, the book takes place ten years after Little Men.
At some point in time, Dolly and George are college students.
At some point in time, Dolly and George deal with the temptations of snobbery.
At some point in time, Dolly and George deal with the temptations of arrogance.
At some point in time, Dolly and George deal with the temptations of self-indulgence.
At some point in time, Dolly and George deal with the temptations of vanity.
At some point in time, Tommy becomes a medical student.
At some point in time, Tommy becomes a medical student to impress childhood sweetheart Nan.
At some point in time, Tommy accidentally falls in love with Dora.
At some point in time, Tommy proposes to Dora.
At some point in time, Tommy joins his family business.
At some point in time, sections of Jo's Boys follow the travels of former students.
At some point in time, former students have deep emotional ties to Plumfield.
At some point in time, former students have deep emotional ties to the Bhaers.
At some point in time, Professor Bhaer's nephew Emil is now a sailor.
At some point in time, Emil takes off on his first voyage as second mate.
At some point in time, Emil shows his true strength when he is shipwrecked.
At some point in time, the captain is badly injured during Emil's first voyage.
At some point in time, Dan seeks his fortune in the West.
At some point in time, Dan ends up in jail.
At some point in time, Dan falls in love with Jo's niece.
At some point in time, Jo's niece is Amy's daughter Bess.
At some point in time, Nat begins a musical career in Europe.
At some point in time, Nat's musical career takes him away from Daisy.
At some point in time, Nat falls in with a frivolous crowd.
At some point in time, Nat unintentionally leads a young woman on.
At some point in time, Nat does not marry the young woman he leads on.
At some point in time, romance plays a role in Jo's Boys.
At some point in time, Franz finds his own wife.
At some point in time, Emil finds his own wife.
At some point in time, Tommy is engaged by the end of the book.
At some point in time, Demi is engaged by the end of the book.
At some point in time, Nat is engaged by the end of the book.
At some point in time, Daisy is engaged by the end of the book.
At some point in time, Nan remains single.
At some point in time, Nan is dedicated to her medical career.
At some point in time, Dan commits the one sin he and Jo always feared he would.
At some point in time, Dan commits the sin in defense of both self and a younger boy, Blair.
At some point in time, Dan kills a man who cheats Blair in gambling.
At some point in time, Dan is sentenced to a year in prison with hard labour.
At some point in time, Dan only just gets through his sentence.
At some point in time, following his release, Dan saves mine workers from drowning.
At some point in time, Dan is brought back home a hero.
At some point in time, Dan confides in Mother Bhaer about his sin.
At some point in time, Dan confides in Mother Bhaer about the punishment that followed his sin.
At some point in time, Mother Bhaer discovers Dan's fancy for Bess.
At some point in time, Mother Bhaer is not entirely surprised by Dan's fancy for Bess.
At some point in time, Dan tells Mother Bhaer of his fancy for Bess.
At some point in time, Dan tells Mother Bhaer that Bess seemed like the bright northern star which guided him.
At some point in time, Jo knows that Amy wouldn't approve of Dan's fancy for Bess.
At some point in time, Jo makes sure that the Laurences are away when Dan leaves again.
At some point in time, Dan dies protecting the Indians.
At some point in time, Dan lies in peace as if Aslauga's Knight had done his duty.