At some point in time, Eugene Onegin is a bored Saint Petersburg dandy.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin's life consists of balls, concerts, parties, and nothing more.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin inherits a landed estate from his uncle.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin moves to the country.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin strikes up a friendship with Vladimir Lensky.
At some point in time, Vladimir Lensky is a starry-eyed young poet.
At some point in time, Vladimir Lensky takes Eugene Onegin to dine with the family of his fiancée.
At some point in time, Olga Larina is sociable but rather thoughtless.
At some point in time, Olga Larina is Vladimir Lensky's fiancée.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin catches a glimpse of Olga Larina's sister Tatyana.
At some point in time, Tatyana is quiet and precocious.
At some point in time, Tatyana is the exact opposite of Olga Larina.
At some point in time, Tatyana becomes intensely drawn to Eugene Onegin.
At some point in time, Tatyana bares her soul to Eugene Onegin in a letter professing her love.
Eugene Onegin does not write back to Tatyana.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin rejects Tatyana's advances politely but dismissively and condescendingly.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin admits that Tatyana's letter was touching.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin says that he would quickly grow bored with marriage.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin can only offer Tatyana friendship.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin advises Tatyana to have more emotional control in the future.
At some point in time, Vladimir Lensky invites Eugene Onegin to Tatyana's name day celebration.
At some point in time, Vladimir Lensky promises a small gathering with just Tatyana, Olga, and their parents.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin finds a boisterous country ball instead of a small gathering.
At some point in time, the country ball is a rural parody of and contrast to the society balls of St. Petersburg.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin is irritated with the guests who gossip about him and Tatyana.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin is irritated with Vladimir Lensky for persuading him to come.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin decides to avenge himself by dancing and flirting with Olga Larina.
At some point in time, Olga Larina is insensitive to Vladimir Lensky.
At some point in time, Olga Larina is apparently attracted to Eugene Onegin.
At some point in time, Vladimir Lensky is earnest and inexperienced.
At some point in time, Vladimir Lensky is wounded to the core.
At some point in time, Vladimir Lensky challenges Eugene Onegin to fight a duel.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin reluctantly accepts the duel.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin feels compelled by social convention to accept the duel.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin unwillingly kills Vladimir Lensky during the duel.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin quits his country estate.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin travels abroad to deaden his feelings of remorse.
At some point in time, Tatyana visits Eugene Onegin's mansion.
At some point in time, Tatyana looks through Eugene Onegin's books and his notes in the margins.
At some point in time, Tatyana begins to question whether Eugene Onegin's character is merely a collage of different literary heroes.
At some point in time, Tatyana questions if there is, in fact, no "real Onegin."
At some point in time, several years pass.
At some point in time, the scene shifts to St. Petersburg.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin comes to attend the most prominent balls.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin interacts with the leaders of old Russian society.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin sees the most beautiful woman.
At some point in time, the most beautiful woman captures the attention of all.
At some point in time, the most beautiful woman is central to society's whirl.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin realizes that the most beautiful woman is Tatyana.
At some point in time, Tatyana is married to an aged prince.
At some point in time, the aged prince is a general.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin becomes obsessed with winning Tatyana's affection.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin's attempts to win Tatyana's affection are rebuffed.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin writes Tatyana several letters.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin receives no reply from Tatyana.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin manages to see Tatyana eventually.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin presents Tatyana the opportunity to elope.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin and Tatyana have become reacquainted.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin desires Tatyana for her wealth and position.
At some point in time, Tatyana recalls the days when she and Eugene Onegin might have been happy.
At some point in time, Tatyana believes that time has passed for her and Eugene Onegin.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin repeats his love for Tatyana.
At some point in time, Tatyana admits that she still loves Eugene Onegin.
At some point in time, Tatyana will not allow Eugene Onegin to ruin her.
At some point in time, Tatyana declares her determination to remain faithful to her husband.
At some point in time, Tatyana leaves Eugene Onegin.
At some point in time, Eugene Onegin regrets his bitter destiny.