At some point in time, Lambert Strether is a middle-aged man from Woollett, Massachusetts.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether is not broadly experienced.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether agrees to assume a mission for his wealthy fiancée.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether's mission is to go to Paris and rescue Chad Newsome.
At some point in time, Chad Newsome is the son of Lambert Strether's wealthy fiancée.
At some point in time, Chad Newsome is in the clutches of a presumably wicked woman.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether stops in England during his journey.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether meets Maria Gostrey in England.
At some point in time, Maria Gostrey is an American woman.
At some point in time, Maria Gostrey has lived in Paris for years.
At some point in time, Maria Gostrey has cynical wit.
At some point in time, Maria Gostrey has worldly opinions.
At some point in time, Maria Gostrey's opinions start to rattle Lambert Strether's preconceived view of the situation.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether meets Chad Newsome in Paris.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether is impressed by Chad Newsome's greater sophistication.
At some point in time, Chad Newsome has gained much greater sophistication during his years in Europe.
At some point in time, Chad Newsome takes Lambert Strether to a garden party.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether meets Marie de Vionnet at the garden party.
At some point in time, Marie de Vionnet is a lovely woman.
At some point in time, Marie de Vionnet has impeccable manners.
At some point in time, Marie de Vionnet is separated from her reportedly unpleasant husband.
At some point in time, Marie de Vionnet has an exquisite daughter named Jeanne.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether is confused about whether Chad Newsome is more attracted to Marie de Vionnet or Jeanne.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether feels an overwhelming attraction to Marie de Vionnet.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether suspects that Marie de Vionnet might requite his attraction.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether begins questioning his commitment to return to Woollett.
Lambert Strether is committed to marry Chad Newsome's mother.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether admires Chad Newsome's mother.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether confides in Little Bilham.
At some point in time, Little Bilham is a friend of Chad Newsome.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether confides that he might have missed the best life has to offer.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether starts to delight in the loveliness of Paris.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether stops Chad Newsome from returning to America.
At some point in time, Waymarsh is Lambert Strether's American traveling companion.
At some point in time, Waymarsh refuses to be seduced by the charms of Europe.
At some point in time, Mrs. Newsome is Lambert Strether's fiancée.
At some point in time, Mrs. Newsome is Chad Newsome's mother.
At some point in time, Mrs. Newsome is impatiently waiting in America.
At some point in time, Mrs. Newsome enlists new "ambassadors" to return with Chad Newsome.
At some point in time, Sarah Pocock is Chad Newsome's sister.
At some point in time, Sarah Pocock is the most important of the new ambassadors.
At some point in time, Sarah Pocock harshly dismisses Lambert Strether's impression that Chad Newsome has improved.
At some point in time, Sarah Pocock condemns Marie de Vionnet as an indecent woman.
At some point in time, Sarah Pocock demands that Chad Newsome immediately return to the family business in America.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether takes a brief tour of the French countryside.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether accidentally encounters Chad Newsome and Marie de Vionnet at a rural inn.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether comprehends the full extent of Chad Newsome and Marie de Vionnet's romance.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether returns to Paris after the encounter.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether counsels Chad Newsome not to leave Marie de Vionnet.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether finds he is now uncomfortable in Europe.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether declines Maria Gostrey's virtual marriage proposal.
At some point in time, Lambert Strether returns to America.