At some point in time, Prince Amerigo is an impoverished but charismatic Italian nobleman.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo is in London for his marriage to Maggie Verver.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver is the only child of the widower Adam Verver.
At some point in time, Adam Verver is a fabulously wealthy American financier and art collector.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo re-encounters Charlotte Stant in London.
At some point in time, Charlotte Stant is another young American.
At some point in time, Charlotte Stant is a former mistress of Prince Amerigo from his days in Rome.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant met in Mrs. Assingham's drawing room.
At some point in time, Charlotte Stant is not wealthy.
At some point in time, Charlotte Stant's lack of wealth is one reason she and Prince Amerigo did not marry.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver and Charlotte Stant have been dear friends since childhood.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver does not know of Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo's past relationship.
At some point in time, Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo go shopping together for a wedding present for Maggie Verver.
At some point in time, Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo find a curiosity shop.
At some point in time, the shopkeeper offers Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo an antique gilded crystal bowl.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo declines to purchase the antique gilded crystal bowl.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo suspects the antique gilded crystal bowl contains a hidden flaw.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver is afraid that her father Adam Verver has become lonely after her marriage.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver and Adam Verver had been close for years.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver persuades Adam Verver to propose to Charlotte Stant.
At some point in time, Charlotte Stant accepts Adam Verver's proposal.
At some point in time, Charlotte Stant and Adam Verver soon get married.
At some point in time, Charlotte Stant and Prince Amerigo are thrown together after their respective spouses seem more interested in their father-daughter relationship than in their marriages.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant finally consummate an adulterous affair.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver begins to suspect Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver goes to the same shop where Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant had shopped.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver buys the golden bowl that Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant had rejected.
At some point in time, the shopkeeper regrets the high price he charged Maggie Verver.
At some point in time, the shopkeeper visits Maggie Verver and confesses to overcharging her.
At some point in time, the shopkeeper sees photographs of Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant at Maggie Verver's home.
At some point in time, the shopkeeper tells Maggie Verver about Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant's shopping trip on the eve of her marriage.
At some point in time, the shopkeeper tells Maggie Verver about Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant's intimate conversation in his shop.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant spoke Italian in the shop.
At some point in time, the shopkeeper understands the Italian language.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver confronts Prince Amerigo.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver begins a secret campaign to separate Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant.
Maggie Verver never reveals Prince Amerigo and Charlotte Stant's affair to Adam Verver.
Maggie Verver conceals her knowledge of the affair from Charlotte Stant.
Maggie Verver denies any change to her friendship with Charlotte Stant.
At some point in time, Maggie Verver gradually persuades Adam Verver to return to America with Charlotte Stant.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo previously regarded Maggie Verver as a naïve, immature American.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo seems impressed by Maggie Verver's delicate diplomacy.
At some point in time, the novel ends with Adam Verver and Charlotte Stant about to depart for the United States.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo says he can "see nothing but" Maggie Verver.
At some point in time, Prince Amerigo embraces Maggie Verver.