At some point in time, Jakob Beer is a 7 year old child of a Jewish family living in Poland.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer's house is stormed by Nazis.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer escapes the fate of his parents.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer escapes the fate of his sister, Bella.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer hides behind the wallpaper in a cabinet.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer hides in the forest.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer buries himself up to the neck in soil.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer runs into an archaeologist named Athos Roussos.
At some point in time, Athos Roussos is working on Biskupin.
At some point in time, Athos Roussos secretly takes Jakob Beer to Zakynthos in Greece.
At some point in time, Athos Roussos is also a geologist.
At some point in time, Athos Roussos is fascinated with ancient wood and stones.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer learns Greek.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer learns English.
At some point in time, learning new languages erases Jakob Beer's memory of the past.
At some point in time, after the war, Athos Roussos and Jakob Beer move to Toronto.
At some point in time, after several years, Jakob Beer meets Alexandra in a music library.
At some point in time, Alexandra is a fast-paced, outspokenly philosophical master of wordplay.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer and Alexandra fall in love.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer and Alexandra marry.
At some point in time, the relationship between Jakob Beer and Alexandra fails.
At some point in time, Alexandra expects Jakob Beer to change too fast.
At some point in time, Alexandra expects Jakob Beer to abandon his past.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer dwells constantly on his memories of Bella.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer especially remembers Bella's piano-playing.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer and Alexandra end up divorcing.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer meets and marries Michaela.
At some point in time, Michaela is a much younger woman.
At some point in time, Michaela seems to understand Jakob Beer.
At some point in time, with Michaela's help, Jakob Beer is able to let go of Bella.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer and Michaela move to Greece.
At some point in time, Jakob Beer and Michaela move into the former home of several generations of the Roussos family.
At some point in time, the second part of the book is told from the perspective of Ben.
At some point in time, Ben is a Canadian professor of Jewish descent.
At some point in time, Ben was born in Canada to survivors of the Holocaust.
At some point in time, in 1954, the family home in Weston, Ontario is destroyed by Hurricane Hazel.
At some point in time, Ben becomes an expert on the history of weather.
At some point in time, Ben marries a girl named Naomi.
At some point in time, Ben is a big admirer of Jakob Beer's poetry.
At some point in time, Ben respects the way Jakob Beer deals with the Holocaust.
At some point in time, Ben has trouble coping with the horrors his parents must have endured.
At some point in time, at the end of the novel, Ben is sent to retrieve Jakob Beer's journals from his home in Greece.
At some point in time, Ben spends hours swimming in Jakob Beer's past.