At some point in time, Madeline Hall is an old mansion-house near Southampton.
At some point in time, Madeline Hall belongs to the wealthy de Versely family.
At some point in time, Miss Delmar is an elderly spinster.
At some point in time, Miss Delmar is the aunt of the earl de Versely.
At some point in time, Miss Delmar is the aunt of Captain Delmar.
At some point in time, Miss Delmar invites Arabella Mason to stay with her.
At some point in time, Arabella Mason is the daughter of a deceased steward.
At some point in time, the steward was well-liked.
At some point in time, Arabella Mason stays with Miss Delmar as a lower-class guest.
At some point in time, Captain Delmar frequently visits Miss Delmar at Madeline Hall.
At some point in time, Captain Delmar is accompanied by his valet Ben Keene.
At some point in time, Ben Keene is also a private marine.
At some point in time, Captain Delmar suggests that Ben Keene should propose to Arabella Mason.
At some point in time, Ben Keene and Arabella Mason marry in secret.
At some point in time, Miss Delmar is frustrated by the secret marriage.
At some point in time, Arabella Mason's mother is frustrated by the secret marriage.
At some point in time, Arabella Mason is six months pregnant at the time of the marriage.
At some point in time, Arabella Mason later gives birth to a boy.
At some point in time, the boy takes Captain Delmar's Christian name.
At some point in time, the boy takes Ben Keene's surname.
At some point in time, the boy is named Percival Keene.
At some point in time, the family moves to Chatham.
At some point in time, Ben Keene is ordered back with his detachment.
At some point in time, Arabella Mason opens a successful shop.
At some point in time, Arabella Mason opens a circulating library below her house.
At some point in time, Arabella Mason enlists the help of her mother.
At some point in time, Arabella Mason enlists the help of her sister Amelia.
At some point in time, Percival Keene becomes well known in town.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is known for his mischievous pranks.
At some point in time, Percival Keene plays pranks on officers and other strangers.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is often encouraged by his aunt Amelia.
At some point in time, Percival Keene's mother is less fond of his disregard for manners.
At some point in time, Percival Keene's grandmother is less fond of his disregard for manners.
At some point in time, Percival Keene's mother insists on sending him to school.
At some point in time, Percival Keene bites his grandmother.
At some point in time, Percival Keene reports to the school house of Mr. O'Gallagher.
At some point in time, Mr. O'Gallagher is a poor Irish scholar.
At some point in time, Mr. O'Gallagher rules his class with severe corporal punishment.
At some point in time, Mr. O'Gallagher routinely bullies Percival Keene.
At some point in time, Mr. O'Gallagher steals Percival Keene's lunch.
At some point in time, Percival Keene seeks revenge on Mr. O'Gallagher.
At some point in time, Percival Keene poisons his sandwiches with calomel.
At some point in time, on Guy Fawkes Day, the schoolteacher confiscates all the schoolboys' fireworks.
At some point in time, Percival Keene retaliates by setting off the collected fireworks.
At some point in time, the schoolteacher sits above the fireworks when they are set off.
At some point in time, the schoolhouse is totally destroyed.
At some point in time, the schoolmaster nearly dies from the explosion.
At some point in time, Captain Delmar reappears when Percival Keene is a young teenager.
At some point in time, Captain Delmar offers Percival Keene a position aboard his new navy ship.
At some point in time, the navy ship is named the H.M. Calliope.
At some point in time, while preparing to enter service, Percival Keene overhears gossip about his illegitimate birth.
At some point in time, the gossip introduces the idea that Captain Delmar may be Percival Keene's father.
At some point in time, Percival Keene confronts his mother about his parentage.
At some point in time, Percival Keene's mother harshly denies his parentage at first.
At some point in time, Percival Keene's mother later tearfully explains the truth of her affair.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is captured during a pirate raid.
At some point in time, others are captured during the pirate raid.
At some point in time, the pirate crew is entirely black.
At some point in time, the pirate captain explains that the crew are primarily escaped slaves from the Americas.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is taken in as a cabin boy.
At some point in time, Percival Keene dyes his skin tan.
At some point in time, Percival Keene dyes his skin to please the captain.
At some point in time, the captain does not approve of white skin.
At some point in time, the pirates often seek to take over slave trading vessels.
At some point in time, the pirates kill every white person on board the vessels.
At some point in time, during the taking of one vessel, Percival Keene convinces the captain to spare the lives of a wealthy Dutch merchant.
At some point in time, Percival Keene convinces the captain to spare the life of the Dutch merchant's young daughter, Minnie.
At some point in time, the H.M. Calliope takes the pirate ship.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is unrecognizable with his dyed skin.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is taken as a prisoner.
At some point in time, Percival Keene convinces his fellow shipman of his true identity.
At some point in time, after his reappearance aboard the ship, Percival Keene gains esteem among the crew.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is welcomed back by Captain Delmar.
At some point in time, Percival Keene's reputation continues to grow during his service.
At some point in time, Percival Keene serves in conflicts with Dutch vessels.
At some point in time, Percival Keene serves in conflicts with French vessels.
At some point in time, Percival Keene serves around the island of Curacao.
At some point in time, Percival Keene stands in for an ill Captain Delmar in a duel.
At some point in time, Percival Keene effectively saves Captain Delmar's life.
At some point in time, Captain Delmar receives news that his older brother has died.
At some point in time, Captain Delmar becomes the new Lord de Versely.
At some point in time, before returning to England, Captain Delmar grants Percival Keene command of his own schooner.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is promoted to captain after a successful battle.
At some point in time, Percival Keene still partakes in the merry pranks of his youth during his service.
At some point in time, Percival Keene teams up with a mulatto hotel owner in Curacao.
At some point in time, Percival Keene and the hotel owner convince fellow officers they have been poisoned.
At some point in time, Percival Keene keeps correspondence with Minnie.
At some point in time, Percival Keene develops a romance with Minnie.
At some point in time, near the end of the story, Percival Keene guides his crew through a terrible storm.
At some point in time, many of the crew are killed in the storm.
At some point in time, the ship is heavily damaged in the storm.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is saved by another English vessel.
At some point in time, Percival Keene receives a letter informing him of Lord de Versely's sudden death.
At some point in time, Lord de Versely dies from heart complications.
At some point in time, Percival Keene learns that he has been left all of Lord de Versely's personal property.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is disappointed that he cannot take his father's name.
At some point in time, Percival Keene journeys with his friend Bob Cross to Hamburg.
At some point in time, Percival Keene journeys to reunite with Minnie.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is captured by French troops on the road.
At some point in time, Percival Keene is sentenced to execution for spying.
At some point in time, Percival Keene and Bob Cross escape during a skirmish.
At some point in time, Percival Keene and Bob Cross continue on the road.
At some point in time, at the end of the novel, Percival Keene proposes to Minnie.
At some point in time, Percival Keene stands to inherit a great fortune through Minnie's father.
At some point in time, Percival Keene receives a letter from the de Versely attorney.
At some point in time, the letter informs Percival Keene that he has been granted the arms and name of Delmar.