At some point in time, Silas Lapham is interviewed for a newspaper profile.
At some point in time, Silas Lapham explains his financial success in the mineral paint business.
At some point in time, the Lapham family is somewhat self-conscious in their sudden rise on the social ladder.
At some point in time, the Lapham family often fumbles in their attempts at following etiquette norms.
At some point in time, the Lapham family decides to build a new home in the fashionable Back Bay neighborhood.
At some point in time, Silas Lapham spares no expense ensuring the new home is at the height of fashion.
At some point in time, Tom Corey is a young man from a well-respected high-class family.
At some point in time, Tom Corey shows an interest in the Lapham girls.
At some point in time, Mr. Lapham assumes Tom Corey is attracted to Irene, the beautiful younger daughter.
At some point in time, Mrs. Lapham assumes Tom Corey is attracted to Irene, the beautiful younger daughter.
At some point in time, Tom Corey joins the Lapham's paint business in an attempt to find his place in the world.
At some point in time, Tom Corey does not want to rely on the savings of his father, Bromfield Corey.
At some point in time, everyone assumes Tom Corey's interest in Irene has grown when he begins calling on the Laphams regularly.
At some point in time, Irene takes a fancy to Tom Corey.
At some point in time, Tom Corey reveals his love for Penelope, the elder daughter.
At some point in time, Penelope is more plain-looking than Irene.
At some point in time, Penelope is more intelligent than Irene.
At some point in time, Penelope possesses an unusual sense of humor.
At some point in time, Penelope possesses a sophisticated literary passion.
At some point in time, Penelope possesses a sensible but inquiring mind.
At some point in time, Penelope has feelings for Tom Corey.
At some point in time, Penelope is held back by the romantic conventions of the era.
At some point in time, Penelope does not want to act on her love for Tom Corey for fear of betraying her sister.
At some point in time, Silas Lapham's former business partner is Milton K. Rogers.
At some point in time, Milton K. Rogers reappears in Silas Lapham's life.
At some point in time, Milton K. Rogers asks Silas Lapham for money for a series of schemes.
At some point in time, Mrs. Lapham urges Silas Lapham to support Milton K. Rogers.
At some point in time, Silas Lapham had pushed Milton K. Rogers out of the paint company in an inappropriate manner.
At some point in time, Silas Lapham's dealings with Milton K. Rogers result in a substantial financial loss.
At some point in time, Silas Lapham's major asset, the new home on Beacon Street, burns down before its completion.
At some point in time, the Laphams are humbly forced to move to their ancestral home in the countryside.
The mineral paint was first developed at the Laphams' ancestral home in the countryside.