At some point in time, Mike Jackson is a cricketer.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is a scion of a cricketing clan.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson's dreams of studying and playing at Cambridge are upset by news of his father's financial troubles.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson must take a job with the "New Asiatic Bank".
At some point in time, Mike Jackson finds his friend Psmith is also a new employee at the "New Asiatic Bank".
At some point in time, Mike Jackson and Psmith strive to make the best of their position at the "New Asiatic Bank".
At some point in time, Mike Jackson and Psmith perhaps squeeze in a little cricket from time to time.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson plays cricket for a team run by Psmith's father.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson meets John Bickersdyke for the first time when he walks behind the bowler's arm.
At some point in time, walking behind the bowler's arm causes Mike Jackson to get out on ninety-eight.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson's father informs him that he will have to sell the house.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson's father will not be able to send Mike Jackson to Cambridge as he had hoped.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson hears that Psmith is in the same position as he is sent off to London.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson feels very lonely.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson feels homesick.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson feels sorry for himself.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson rents a horrid room in Dulwich.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson presents himself for work at the "New Asiatic Bank" the next day.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is put to work under Mr. Rossiter in the Postage Department.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson replaces a youth named Bannister.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is befriended by Mr. Waller, a kindly employee of the bank.
At some point in time, Mr. Waller takes Mike Jackson to lunch.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is joined by Psmith in the same department as Mike Jackson.
At some point in time, Psmith reveals that he has been placed in the Postage Department on a whim of his father.
At some point in time, Psmith has annoyed John Bickersdyke while staying for the weekend.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is worried that their employer has it in for them both.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson believes that he and Psmith are powerless.
At some point in time, Psmith announces he plans to toy with John Bickersdyke outside of work.
At some point in time, Psmith is a member of the Senior Conservative Club.
At some point in time, Psmith insists that Mike Jackson move in with him in his flat in Clement's Inn.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson feels much happier for having an ally that night.
At some point in time, Psmith and Mike Jackson try to find a means of pacifying their manager Mr. Rossiter.
At some point in time, Bannister informs Psmith and Mike Jackson that Mr. Rossiter is a devotee of association football.
At some point in time, Mr. Rossiter is a fan of Manchester United.
At some point in time, Psmith uses his knowledge of Mr. Rossiter's interests to ingratiate himself with Mr. Rossiter for a few weeks.
At some point in time, Psmith moves on to John Bickersdyke after ingratiating himself with Mr. Rossiter.
At some point in time, Psmith haunts John Bickersdyke at their club.
At some point in time, Psmith's position in the workplace is unassailable thanks to his friendship with Mr. Rossiter.
At some point in time, Psmith disrupts a political meeting that is part of John Bickersdyke's campaign to become a member of parliament.
At some point in time, Psmith turns the political meeting into a near-riot.
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke is angry at Psmith.
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke is powerless against Psmith.
At some point in time, Psmith continues to cultivate Mr. Rossiter.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson gets used to his work.
At some point in time, a new man starts at the "New Asiatic Bank".
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is moved on to the Cash Department under Mr. Waller.
At some point in time, Waller reveals that he is an ardent socialist.
At some point in time, Psmith agrees to come and hear Mr. Waller speak.
At some point in time, Psmith drags Mike Jackson along to hear Mr. Waller speak.
At some point in time, a spectator goes to throw a stone at Mr. Waller.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson intervenes when a spectator goes to throw a stone at Mr. Waller.
At some point in time, a fight starts when Mike Jackson intervenes.
At some point in time, the fight soon involves Psmith and a mob.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson and Psmith flee from the mob.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson has an awful time returning that evening for tea.
At some point in time, Psmith acquires Mr. Waller's book of the proceedings of the "Tulse Hill Parliament".
At some point in time, the book includes some particularly fiery words from John Bickersdyke.
At some point in time, Waller fails to spot a forged cheque one day.
At some point in time, Waller is worried by his son being ill.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson takes the blame to save Waller's job.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is fired by John Bickersdyke.
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke roasts Mike Jackson.
At some point in time, Psmith trails John Bickersdyke to a Turkish bath after work.
At some point in time, Psmith threatens to leak John Bickersdyke's anti-royalty speeches from the Tulse Hill book.
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke agrees to keep Mike Jackson on at the bank.
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke is narrowly elected to Parliament soon after.
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke's election renders the threat of the book useless.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is moved to a new department, Fixed Deposits.
At some point in time, Fixed Deposits is a much less pleasant spot for Mike Jackson.
At some point in time, Psmith replaces Mike Jackson under Mr. Waller.
At some point in time, spring and sunshine arrive.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson begins to long for the outdoors.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson begins to long for cricket.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is called by his brother Joe.
At some point in time, Joe is playing for their county at Lord's.
At some point in time, Joe's team is a man short.
At some point in time, Joe's team needs Mike Jackson to play.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson agrees to play for Joe's team.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson asks Psmith to tell his new boss he has to "pop off".
At some point in time, the boss tells John Bickersdyke that Mike Jackson has to "pop off".
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke is furious as usual.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson is convinced his job is over.
At some point in time, Mike Jackson resolves to play his heart out.
At some point in time, Psmith leaves work early to take his father to the match.
At some point in time, Mr. Smith is shocked that the bank does not approve of people leaving to play cricket.
At some point in time, Psmith persuades Mr. Smith that he should study for the Bar rather than working at the bank.
At some point in time, Psmith and Mr. Smith arrive at the game just as Mike Jackson reaches his century.
At some point in time, Psmith tells Mike Jackson of his plans to study Law at Cambridge after the match.
At some point in time, Psmith's father is willing to take Mike Jackson on as an agent for his estate.
At some point in time, Psmith's father has first paid for Mike Jackson to go to the 'varsity too.
At some point in time, Psmith's father is willing to pay for Mike Jackson to study business.
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke is relaxing in his club.
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke is overjoyed at the thought of finally being able to sack Psmith and Mike Jackson.
At some point in time, John Bickersdyke is further enraged when Psmith announces their retirement from business.