At some point in time, the novel is based on the fictional "Everhard Manuscript."
At some point in time, the "Everhard Manuscript" was written by Avis Everhard.
At some point in time, Avis Everhard hid the "Everhard Manuscript."
At some point in time, the "Everhard Manuscript" was found centuries later.
At some point in time, the novel has an introduction written by scholar Anthony Meredith.
At some point in time, Anthony Meredith writes from around 2600 AD or 419 B.O.M.
At some point in time, Jack London writes at two levels in the novel.
At some point in time, Anthony Meredith condescendingly corrects the errors of Avis Everhard.
At some point in time, Jack London exposes the often incomplete understanding of the distant future perspective.
At some point in time, Meredith's introduction acts as a deliberate "spoiler."
The term "spoiler" did not exist at the time of writing.
At some point in time, the reader is told that all struggles and hopes of Avis Everhard and Ernest Everhard would end in total failure and repression.
At some point in time, Avis Everhard and Ernest Everhard would be summarily executed.
At some point in time, the narrative gives the air of a foreordained tragedy.
At some point in time, a happy end would come for humanity as a whole.
At some point in time, the happy end would come hundreds of years too late for Avis Everhard and Ernest Everhard as individuals.
At some point in time, the cruel oligarchy would fall.
At some point in time, Avis Everhard and Ernest Everhard will be vindicated and respected by posterity as pioneers and martyrs.
At some point in time, the "Everhard Manuscript" covers the years 1912 through 1932.
At some point in time, the Oligarchy, also known as the "Iron Heel," arose in the United States.
At some point in time, Japan conquered East Asia and created its own empire.
At some point in time, India gained independence during the years covered by the "Everhard Manuscript."
At some point in time, Europe became socialist during the years covered by the "Everhard Manuscript."
At some point in time, Canada, Mexico, and Cuba formed their own Oligarchies.
At some point in time, Canada, Mexico, and Cuba were aligned with the United States.
At some point in time, Jack London remains silent about the fates of South America, Africa, and the Middle East.
At some point in time, the Oligarchy maintains power in North America for three centuries.
At some point in time, the Revolution succeeds and ushers in the Brotherhood of Man.
At some point in time, the First Revolt is described during the years of the novel.
At some point in time, preparations for the Second Revolt are discussed during the years of the novel.
At some point in time, from the perspective of Avis Everhard, the imminent Second Revolt is sure to succeed.
At some point in time, from the distant future perspective of Anthony Meredith, Everhard's hopes were to be crushed for centuries to come.
At some point in time, the Oligarchy consists of the largest monopoly trusts or robber barons.
At some point in time, the Oligarchy manages to squeeze out the middle class by bankrupting most small to mid-sized businesses.
At some point in time, the Oligarchy reduces all farmers to effective serfdom.
At some point in time, the Oligarchy maintains power through a labor caste and the Mercenaries.
At some point in time, labor in essential industries like steel and rail is elevated.
At some point in time, labor in essential industries like steel and rail is given decent wages, housing, and education.
At some point in time, the tragic turn in the novel is the treachery of favored unions.
At some point in time, the favored unions break with the other unions.
At some point in time, the favored unions side with the Oligarchy.
At some point in time, a second military caste is formed, known as the Mercenaries.
At some point in time, the Mercenaries are officially the army of the United States.
At some point in time, the Mercenaries are in fact in the employ of the Oligarchs.
At some point in time, Asgard is the name of a fictional wonder-city.
At some point in time, Asgard is constructed by the Oligarchy to be admired and appreciated.
At some point in time, thousands of proletarians live in poverty in Asgard.
At some point in time, proletarians in Asgard are used whenever a public work needs to be completed.
At some point in time, public works include the building of levees or canals.
At some point in time, the "Everhard Manuscript" is Avis Everhard's autobiography.
At some point in time, Avis Everhard tells of her privileged childhood as the daughter of an accomplished scientist.
At some point in time, Avis Everhard tells of her marriage to the socialist revolutionary Ernest Everhard.
At some point in time, Avis Everhard tells of the fall of the US republic.
At some point in time, Avis Everhard tells of her years in the underground resistance from the First Revolt through the years leading to the Second Revolt.
At some point in time, the story of Avis Everhard is an adventurous tale heavily strewn with social commentary of an alternate future.
At some point in time, the future perspective of scholar Anthony Meredith deepens the tragic plight of Avis Everhard and her revolutionary comrades.