At some point in time, Gerard is married to Margaret Brandt.
At some point in time, Gerard sets off to Rome from Holland.
At some point in time, Gerard sets off to Rome in order to escape the persecution of a vicious burgomaster.
At some point in time, Gerard sets off to Rome in order to earn money for the support of his family.
At some point in time, Margaret awaits Gerard's return in Holland.
At some point in time, Margaret gives birth to Gerard's son.
At some point in time, Gerard is the favorite with his parents.
At some point in time, Gerard's two brothers are lazy and jealous.
At some point in time, Gerard's two brothers decide to divert Gerard from Holland.
At some point in time, Gerard's two brothers decide to receive a larger share of fortune after their parents' death.
At some point in time, Gerard's two brothers compose a letter to Gerard.
At some point in time, Gerard's two brothers dispatch a letter to Gerard.
At some point in time, the letter to Gerard informs him falsely that Margaret has died.
At some point in time, Gerard believes the news in the letter.
At some point in time, Gerard is stricken by grief.
At some point in time, Gerard gives himself to a dissolute life.
At some point in time, Gerard attempts suicide.
At some point in time, Gerard is saved from death by chance.
At some point in time, Gerard takes vows.
At some point in time, Gerard becomes a Dominican friar.
At some point in time, Gerard preaches throughout Europe.
At some point in time, Gerard discovers that Margaret is alive while in Holland.
At some point in time, Gerard is afraid of temptation.
At some point in time, Gerard becomes a hermit in order to shun Margaret.
At some point in time, Margaret discovers Gerard's hiding place.
At some point in time, Margaret convinces Gerard to come back to normal life.
At some point in time, Gerard becomes a vicar of a small town.
Gerard and Margaret no longer live as a man and wife.
At some point in time, Gerard and Margaret see each other several times a week.
At some point in time, a few years pass.
At some point in time, Gerard's son grows up.
At some point in time, Gerard's son is sent to a private school.
At some point in time, plague breaks out at the school.
At some point in time, Margaret rushes to rescue her son.
At some point in time, Margaret contracts the disease herself.
At some point in time, Margaret dies shortly afterwards.
At some point in time, Gerard takes Margaret's demise painfully.
At some point in time, Gerard renounces his vicarship.
At some point in time, Gerard dies in a few weeks.
At some point in time, the author of The Cloister and the Hearth reveals that Margaret's and Gerard's son is named Gerard.
At some point in time, Margaret's and Gerard's son becomes the great Catholic scholar and Humanist, Erasmus of Rotterdam.
Erasmus of Rotterdam is a major historical figure.
Little is actually known about Erasmus' actual parentage.
Erasmus' parentage is apparently illegitimate.
At some point in time, Erasmus' parents are named Margaret Roger and Gerard.
At some point in time, Reade was apparently using his imagination to fill in some historical gaps in Erasmus' background.
At some point in time, The Cloister and the Hearth can easily be read as anti-Catholic.
At some point in time, The Cloister and the Hearth presents Catholic discipline regarding the celibate priesthood as an unsympathetic obstacle.
Catholic discipline regarding the celibate priesthood prevents Margaret's and Gerard's love from continuing to be consummated.