At some point in time, Little Eyolf tells the story of the Allmer family.
At some point in time, at the outset of the play, the father, Alfred, has just returned from a trip to the mountains.
At some point in time, Alfred resolved to focus foremost on raising his son Eyolf.
At some point in time, Alfred decided to stop work on his book, Human Responsibility.
At some point in time, Eyolf is described as having beautiful, intelligent eyes.
At some point in time, Eyolf is paralyzed in one of his legs.
At some point in time, Eyolf's life is a sheltered one.
At some point in time, Eyolf craves more than anything else to live the life of a normal boy.
At some point in time, Alfred knows that Eyolf living the life of a normal boy is not possible.
At some point in time, Alfred wants to turn Eyolf towards loftier, intellectual pursuits.
At some point in time, the Allmer household is visited by the Rat-Wife.
At some point in time, the Rat-Wife is a woman capable of enchanting rodents into following her into the sea.
At some point in time, the rodents drown in the sea.
At some point in time, the Rat-Wife leaves when informed that her services are unnecessary.
At some point in time, Eyolf follows the Rat-Wife.
At some point in time, Alfred does not notice Eyolf following the Rat-Wife.
At some point in time, Rita does not notice Eyolf following the Rat-Wife.
At some point in time, Alfred's sister Asta does not notice Eyolf following the Rat-Wife.
At some point in time, once Eyolf is gone, Alfred details his plan for being a better father to Eyolf.
At some point in time, Alfred wants Eyolf to attain happiness.
At some point in time, Borghejm, an engineer, is interested in Asta.
At some point in time, Asta and Borghejm walk outside.
At some point in time, Rita's possessiveness of Alfred is revealed.
At some point in time, Rita wishes that Eyolf had never been born.
At some point in time, Eyolf diverts Alfred's attention from Rita.
At some point in time, Rita and Alfred's conversation is interrupted by the return of Asta and Borghejm.
At some point in time, sounds of shouts down by the sea reveal that Eyolf has drowned.
At some point in time, Eyolf drowned after following the Rat-Wife into the sea.
At some point in time, down by the sea, Alfred mourns.
At some point in time, Asta comforts Alfred.
At some point in time, Rita and Borghejm follow Alfred and Asta.
At some point in time, Borghejm removes Asta from the action.
At some point in time, Rita and Alfred confront each other.
At some point in time, Rita talks more about needing Alfred wholly.
At some point in time, Alfred reveals that he married Rita to better Asta's life.
At some point in time, Alfred and Rita blame each other for Eyolf's injury.
At some point in time, Eyolf's injury occurred when he fell off a table as a baby.
At some point in time, Alfred and Rita were making love when Eyolf fell off the table.
At some point in time, Alfred accuses Rita of luring him in to her.
At some point in time, Alfred claims Rita distracted him from his duty to watch over Eyolf.
At some point in time, Borghejm and Asta return.
At some point in time, Borghejm is unsuccessful at convincing Asta to marry him.
At some point in time, Alfred and Rita ask Asta to stay with them and take Eyolf's place.
At some point in time, Alfred and Rita believe that Asta staying with them will ease their guilt.
At some point in time, Alfred and Rita believe that Asta staying with them will avoid problems in their relationship.
At some point in time, Asta decides to marry Borghejm.
At some point in time, Asta decides to follow Borghejm north.
At some point in time, Alfred indicates a continued unwillingness to be the husband Rita desires.
At some point in time, Rita shares her new plan to better the lives of poorer children.
At some point in time, the poorer children live down by the sea.
At some point in time, Alfred sees something positive again in Rita.
At some point in time, Alfred decides to remain with Rita.
At some point in time, Alfred and Rita can atone for their mistakes together.