At some point in time, the narrator is an omniscient narrator.
At some point in time, the narrator looks out a window.
At some point in time, the narrator sees smog.
At some point in time, the narrator sees iron workers.
The gender of the narrator is never known.
At some point in time, the narrator is a middle class observer.
At some point in time, the narrator recalls an old story.
At some point in time, the old story is about the house that the narrator is living in.
At some point in time, the narrator cautions the reader to have an objective mind.
At some point in time, the narrator cautions the reader to not be quick to judge the character in the story.
At some point in time, the narrator introduces Deborah.
At some point in time, Deborah is Wolfe's cousin.
At some point in time, Deborah is described as a meek woman.
At some point in time, Deborah works hard.
At some point in time, Deborah has a hump in her back.
At some point in time, Deborah finds out from Janey that Hugh did not take lunch to work.
At some point in time, Deborah decides to walk many miles in the rain to take a lunch for Wolfe.
At some point in time, Deborah describes the mills as if they were hell.
At some point in time, Deborah keeps going for Wolfe.
At some point in time, Wolfe is talking amongst friends when Deborah arrives.
At some point in time, Wolfe recognizes Deborah when she arrives.
At some point in time, the narrator explains his affection for Deborah.
At some point in time, the narrator describes his affection for Deborah as loveless.
At some point in time, the narrator describes his affection for Deborah as sympathetic.
At some point in time, Hugh finds no time to eat his dinner.
At some point in time, Hugh goes back to do a day of labor in the mills.
At some point in time, Deborah stays with Hugh until his shift is over.
At some point in time, Deborah is exhausted.
At some point in time, the narrator explains that Wolfe does not belong in the environment of the iron mill workers.
At some point in time, Wolfe is known as "Molly Wolfe" by other workers.
At some point in time, Wolfe is known as "Molly Wolfe" because of his manner.
At some point in time, Wolfe is known as "Molly Wolfe" because of his background in education.
At some point in time, Wolfe spots men that do not look like workers.
At some point in time, Wolfe sees Clarke, the son of Kirby.
At some point in time, Wolfe sees Doctor May who is a physician.
At some point in time, Wolfe sees another two men that he does not recognize.
At some point in time, the men stop by to look at the working men.
At some point in time, the men are talking and observing.
At some point in time, the men spot a weird object that has the shape of a human.
At some point in time, the men get closer to the weird object.
At some point in time, the weird object is an odd shaped statue built with korl.
At some point in time, the men begin to analyze the statue.
At some point in time, the men wonder who created the statue.
At some point in time, one of the workers points at Wolfe.
At some point in time, the men go to Wolfe.
At some point in time, the men ask Wolfe why he built the statue.
At some point in time, the men ask Wolfe what the statue represents.
At some point in time, Hugh says, "She be hungry."
At some point in time, the men begin to talk about the injustice of the labor force.
At some point in time, one man says that Hugh can get out of the meager job he is in.
At some point in time, one man says that he unfortunately cannot help.
At some point in time, the men leave.
At some point in time, Deborah steals one of the men's wallets.
At some point in time, the wallet has a check for a substantial amount inside.
At some point in time, Deborah and Wolfe go back home.
At some point in time, Wolfe feels like he is a failure.
At some point in time, Wolfe feels anger towards his economical situation.
At some point in time, Deborah confesses to stealing from Mitchell.
At some point in time, Deborah shamefully gives the money to Wolfe.
At some point in time, Wolfe decides to keep the money.
At some point in time, Wolfe believes he is deserving of the money.
At some point in time, Wolfe believes that they are all deserving in God's eyes.
At some point in time, the narrator transitions to a different scene.
At some point in time, Dr. May is reading the newspaper.
At some point in time, Dr. May sees that Wolfe was put in jail for stealing from Mitchell.
At some point in time, the story goes back to Hugh.
At some point in time, Hugh is in prison with Deborah.
At some point in time, the narrator explains how terrible their situation is.
At some point in time, the narrator gives detail of Wolfe's mental disintegration.
At some point in time, Hugh ends up losing his mind in prison.
At some point in time, Hugh kills himself in prison.
At some point in time, the story ends with a Quaker woman coming to bless and help with the body of Hugh.
At some point in time, the Quaker woman talks to Deborah.
At some point in time, the Quaker woman promises Deborah that she will give Hugh a proper burial.
At some point in time, the Quaker woman promises Deborah that she will come back for her when she is released from jail.