At some point in time, the book is set in the 17th century.
At some point in time, the book is set in the Badgworthy Water region of Exmoor in Devon and Somerset, England.
At some point in time, John Ridd is the son of a respectable farmer.
At some point in time, John Ridd's father was murdered in cold blood by one of the notorious Doone clan.
At some point in time, the Doone clan is a once noble family.
At some point in time, the Doone clan is now outlaws.
At some point in time, the Doone clan resides in the isolated Doone Valley.
At some point in time, John Ridd battles his desire for revenge.
At some point in time, John Ridd grows into a respectable farmer.
At some point in time, John Ridd takes good care of his mother.
At some point in time, John Ridd takes good care of his two sisters.
At some point in time, John Ridd falls hopelessly in love with Lorna.
At some point in time, John Ridd meets Lorna by accident.
At some point in time, Lorna is the granddaughter of Sir Ensor Doone.
At some point in time, Sir Ensor Doone is the lord of the Doones.
At some point in time, Lorna is destined to marry Carver Doone against her will.
At some point in time, Carver Doone is the heir of the Doone Valley.
At some point in time, Carver Doone is impetuous.
At some point in time, Carver Doone is menacing.
At some point in time, Carver Doone is jealous.
At some point in time, Carver Doone will let nothing get in the way of his marriage to Lorna.
At some point in time, Carver Doone plans to force marriage upon Lorna once Sir Ensor dies.
At some point in time, Carver Doone will come into his inheritance after Sir Ensor dies.
At some point in time, Sir Ensor dies.
At some point in time, Carver Doone becomes lord of the Doones.
At some point in time, John Ridd helps Lorna escape to his family's farm, Plover's Barrows.
At some point in time, Lorna is a member of the hated Doone clan.
At some point in time, feelings toward Lorna are mixed in the Ridd household.
At some point in time, Lorna is defended against Carver Doone's retaliatory attack on the farm.
At some point in time, a member of the Ridd household notices Lorna's necklace.
At some point in time, Lorna's necklace is a jewel that Sir Ensor told her belonged to her mother.
At some point in time, during a visit from the Counsellor, the necklace is stolen from Plover's Barrows.
At some point in time, a family friend discovers Lorna's origins.
At some point in time, the family friend learns that the necklace belonged to Lady Dugal.
At some point in time, Lady Dugal was robbed and murdered by a band of outlaws.
At some point in time, only Lady Dugal's daughter survived the attack.
At some point in time, Lorna is evidently the long-lost girl in question.
At some point in time, Lorna is in fact the heiress to one of the largest fortunes in the country.
At some point in time, Lorna is not a Doone after all.
At some point in time, the Doones are remotely related to Lorna.
At some point in time, the Doones are descended from a collateral branch of the Dugal family.
At some point in time, Lorna is required by law to return to London.
At some point in time, Lorna is required by law to become a ward in Chancery.
At some point in time, Lorna's return to London is against her will.
At some point in time, John Ridd and Lorna's marriage is out of the question.
At some point in time, King Charles II dies.
At some point in time, the Duke of Monmouth is the late king's illegitimate son.
At some point in time, the Duke of Monmouth challenges Charles's brother James for the throne.
At some point in time, the Doones abandon their plan to marry Lorna to Carver.
At some point in time, the Doones abandon their plan to claim Lorna's wealth.
At some point in time, the Doones side with Monmouth in the hope of reclaiming their ancestral lands.
At some point in time, Monmouth is defeated at the Battle of Sedgemoor.
At some point in time, Monmouth's associates are sought for treason.
At some point in time, John Ridd is captured during the revolution.
At some point in time, John Ridd is innocent of all charges.
At some point in time, an old friend takes John Ridd to London to clear his name.
At some point in time, John Ridd is reunited with Lorna in London.
At some point in time, Lorna is now Lorna Dugal.
At some point in time, Lorna's love for John Ridd has not diminished.
At some point in time, John Ridd thwarts an attack on Lorna's great-uncle.
At some point in time, Lorna's great-uncle is Earl Brandir.
At some point in time, John Ridd is granted a pardon by the king.
At some point in time, John Ridd is granted a title by the king.
At some point in time, John Ridd is granted a coat of arms by the king.
At some point in time, John Ridd returns a free man to Exmoor.
At some point in time, the surrounding communities have grown tired of the Doones.
At some point in time, John Ridd knows the Doones better than any other man.
At some point in time, John Ridd leads the attack on the Doones' land.
At some point in time, all the Doone men are killed.
At some point in time, the Counsellor is not killed in the attack.
At some point in time, John Ridd retrieves the stolen necklace from the Counsellor.
At some point in time, Carver Doone escapes from the attack.
At some point in time, Carver Doone vows revenge.
At some point in time, Earl Brandir dies.
At some point in time, Judge Jeffreys becomes Lorna's guardian.
At some point in time, Judge Jeffreys is the Lord Chancellor.
At some point in time, Lorna is granted her freedom to return to Exmoor.
At some point in time, Lorna is granted her freedom to marry John Ridd.
At some point in time, Carver Doone bursts into the church at Oare during John Ridd and Lorna's wedding.
At some point in time, Carver Doone shoots Lorna.
At some point in time, Carver Doone flees after shooting Lorna.
At some point in time, John Ridd is distraught after Lorna is shot.
At some point in time, John Ridd is filled with blinding rage after Lorna is shot.
At some point in time, John Ridd pursues Carver Doone.
At some point in time, John Ridd confronts Carver Doone.
At some point in time, a struggle ensues between John Ridd and Carver Doone.
At some point in time, Carver Doone is left sinking in a mire.
At some point in time, John Ridd is exhausted after the fight.
At some point in time, John Ridd is bloodied from the fight.
At some point in time, John Ridd watches Carver Doone slip away.
At some point in time, John Ridd returns to discover that Lorna is not dead.
At some point in time, Lorna survives after a period of anxious uncertainty.
At some point in time, Lorna lives happily ever after.