At some point in time, David moves to a new house at the base of some beautiful mountains.
At some point in time, the next day, David decides to climb the mountains.
At some point in time, David reaches the summit.
At some point in time, David encounters the Phoenix at the summit.
At some point in time, David and the Phoenix are frightened of each other at first.
At some point in time, the Phoenix had been chased by a Scientist for several weeks.
David had never seen anything like the Phoenix before.
At some point in time, the Phoenix seems quite flattered by David's attentions.
At some point in time, the Phoenix takes a shine to David.
At some point in time, the Phoenix decides to educate David about various legendary creatures in the world.
At some point in time, the Phoenix wants to round out David's knowledge.
At some point in time, years of hiding from scientists have made the Phoenix's wings flabby.
At some point in time, David has to coach the Phoenix on flying.
At some point in time, the first adventure in the Phoenix's curriculum for David involves seeing the Gryffins.
At some point in time, the Gryffins are said to be the friendliest of three similar races: the Gryffins, Gryffons, and Gryffens.
At some point in time, David and the Phoenix first meet a Witch on their journey.
At some point in time, the Witch goads the Phoenix into a race.
At some point in time, the Phoenix wins the race against the Witch.
At some point in time, David never actually meets a Gryffin on his first journey.
At some point in time, the Phoenix attempts to talk to a lazy Gryffen.
At some point in time, David and the Phoenix get captured by the Gryffons.
At some point in time, the Gryffons are violent and arrogant.
At some point in time, the Gryffons sentence the Phoenix to death for bringing humans into their magic world.
At some point in time, the Phoenix and David escape the Gryffon Cave through combined ingenuity.
At some point in time, the Phoenix keeps his appointment with the Witch.
At some point in time, David returns home to meet the Scientist visiting his parents.
At some point in time, the Scientist is unpleasant.
At some point in time, David's evasiveness makes the Scientist suspicious.
At some point in time, David warns the Phoenix about the Scientist.
At some point in time, the Scientist shows up later that night, exhausted from his race.
At some point in time, David and the Phoenix begin implementing various plans to avoid the Scientist.
At some point in time, David and the Phoenix find some buried treasure with the help of a Sea Monster.
At some point in time, the Sea Monster is gruff but friendly.
At some point in time, David and the Phoenix spend the gold coins on magic items.
At some point in time, David and the Phoenix aim to foil the Scientist's plot to capture the rare bird.
At some point in time, David visits the magical world to buy necessities.
At some point in time, David has a brief adventure with a prankster Leprechaun.
At some point in time, David meets a cantankerous potion-selling Hag.
At some point in time, David makes friends with a Faun.
At some point in time, the Faun races and plays with David.
At some point in time, the Faun joins his people for an alluring dance in the Forest.
At some point in time, the Phoenix rescues David from remaining too long in the magical world.
At some point in time, the magical world could absorb beings who are not magical.
At some point in time, David and the Phoenix use their collected magical items to sabotage the Scientist's equipment.
At some point in time, David and the Phoenix frighten the Scientist into leaving town for the moment.
At some point in time, the old Phoenix celebrates his 500th birthday.
At some point in time, the old Phoenix reveals he must "bow to tradition."
At some point in time, the old Phoenix must build himself a pyre of cinnamon logs.
At some point in time, David tearfully complies with the old Phoenix's wishes.
At some point in time, David buys the necessary items from town.
At some point in time, the Scientist shows up and follows David up the mountain trails.
At some point in time, the Phoenix is reborn as a hatchling.
At some point in time, the hatchling does not yet comprehend its peril.
At some point in time, David appeals to the young Phoenix.
At some point in time, the young Phoenix dimly recognizes David as a friend.
At some point in time, the young Phoenix flies away to avoid captivity.
At some point in time, David watches as the Old Phoenix's token, a blue feather, changes to a golden hue.