At some point in time, Dorothy Gale looks out of her bedroom window.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale sees a bright and beautiful rainbow on the horizon.
At some point in time, the rainbow is approaching Dorothy Gale and Toto.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto run towards the rainbow.
At some point in time, Glinda the Good Witch tells Dorothy Gale that she must return to Oz.
At some point in time, Glinda the Good Witch tells Dorothy Gale that she can save Scarecrow, Tin Man, and Cowardly Lion.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto reclaim the silver shoes.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto find a note from Glinda and Princess Ozma.
At some point in time, the note states that the silver shoes can take Dorothy Gale to the Land of Oz and back.
At some point in time, the Impassable Desert has taken away much of the silver shoes' power.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto arrive in the Land of Oz.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale has a small mirror in her pocket.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale has a safety pin in her pocket.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale has a glass bottle in her pocket.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale has four of Aunt Em's home-made oatmeal cookies in her pocket.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto wonder which direction to take.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto encounter a molasses-covered owl named Wiser.
At some point in time, Wiser tells Dorothy Gale that she is in Gillikin Country.
At some point in time, Wiser tells Dorothy Gale to head to Candy County.
At some point in time, Wiser tells Dorothy Gale to ask the Great Royal Marshmallow that rules over Candy County.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto arrive at Princess Gayelette's palace.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto encounter the castle's Jester.
At some point in time, the Jester welcomes Dorothy Gale and Toto.
At some point in time, the Jester tells Dorothy Gale and Toto that Princess Gayelette and Prince Quelala have gone missing.
At some point in time, the Jester adds that Princess Gayelette and Prince Quelala disappeared during a party at the palace.
At some point in time, the party at the palace had become haunted.
At some point in time, the Jester points Dorothy Gale and Toto in the direction of the castle.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto enter the palace.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto find a wand that belonged to the Wicked Witch of the West lying on the table.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale reminds the Jester that jesters are supposed to make people happy.
At some point in time, the Jester freezes in his tracks.
At some point in time, the Wicked Witch of the West's ghost urges the Jester to turn Dorothy Gale into a china doll.
At some point in time, the Jester gives up the wand.
At some point in time, the Wicked Witch of the West's ghost fades away.
At some point in time, the spell is broken.
At some point in time, everyone is returned to normal.
At some point in time, Scarecrow, Tin Man, Cowardly Lion, and Toto rejoice now that the spell is broken.
At some point in time, the Cowardly Lion asks Dorothy Gale what she plans to do with the Wicked Witch of the West's wand.
At some point in time, Scarecrow and Tin Man plan to keep the wand locked up in a case.
At some point in time, Scarecrow and Tin Man plan to give the wand to Glinda and Princess Ozma.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale returns to Kansas.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale reunites with Aunt Em and Uncle Henry.
At some point in time, Aunt Em, Uncle Henry, and Dorothy Gale see a rainbow in the twilight sky.
Dorothy Gale hasn't seen the rainbow before.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale knows that the rainbow must be Princess Ozma, Glinda, and the Wizard of Oz's way of saying goodbye to her.
At some point in time, the rainbow shimmered over the prairie.
At some point in time, the rainbow has all the bright and true colors of the Land of Oz.