At some point in time, strange lights and sounds are reported in the skies all over the world.
At some point in time, blaring trumpet music is reported in the skies all over the world.
At some point in time, black flags with gold suns appear atop tall historic landmarks.
At some point in time, the Statue of Liberty is a tall historic landmark.
At some point in time, the Great Pyramid of Giza is a tall historic landmark.
At some point in time, the Eiffel Tower is a tall historic landmark.
At some point in time, the mysterious Robur is the specific epithet for English Oak, Quercus robur.
At some point in time, Robur is figuratively taken to mean "strength."
At some point in time, Robur is a brilliant inventor.
At some point in time, Robur intrudes on a meeting of a flight-enthusiast's club called the Weldon Institute.
At some point in time, the Weldon Institute is located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
At some point in time, members of the Weldon Institute are firm believers that mankind shall master the skies.
At some point in time, members of the Weldon Institute believe that "lighter than air" craft will be used to master the skies.
At some point in time, members of the Weldon Institute believe that "heavier than air" craft such as airplanes and helicopters would be unfeasible.
At some point in time, the Weldon Institute has been constructing a giant dirigible called the Go-ahead.
At some point in time, members of the Weldon Institute are having a heated discussion about where to place the propeller of the Go-ahead.
At some point in time, Robur appears at the meeting of the Weldon Institute.
At some point in time, Robur is admitted to speak to the members of the Weldon Institute.
At some point in time, Robur chastises the members of the Weldon Institute for being balloon-boosters.
At some point in time, Robur states that "heavier than air" flying apparatuses are the future.
At some point in time, Robur states that he has made conquest of the air.
At some point in time, Robur accepts the title "Robur the Conqueror."
At some point in time, Robur incites the members of the Weldon Institute.
At some point in time, the members of the Weldon Institute chase Robur outside.
At some point in time, Robur appears to vanish into the mob.
At some point in time, Robur has actually been borne away by a flying machine.
At some point in time, Robur kidnaps the Weldon Institute's secretary.
At some point in time, Robur kidnaps the president of the Weldon Institute.
At some point in time, Robur kidnaps the president's valet.
At some point in time, Robur takes the kidnapped individuals on board his ship called the Albatross.
At some point in time, the Albatross is a huge, battery-powered, multirotor gyrodyne.
At some point in time, the Albatross has many vertical airscrews to provide lift.
At some point in time, the Albatross has two horizontal airscrews in a push-pull configuration to drive the vessel forward.
At some point in time, the Albatross bears the same black flag with golden sun that has been sighted on many landmarks.
At some point in time, the music in the sky is explained to be one of the crewmen playing a trumpet.
At some point in time, Robur takes his captives around the world in the course of three weeks.
At some point in time, the president and secretary are angry at Robur for kidnapping them.
At some point in time, the president and secretary are unwilling to admit that the Albatross is a fantastic vessel.
At some point in time, the president and secretary are unwilling to admit that their notions of "lighter than air" superiority are wrong.
At some point in time, the president and secretary demand that Robur release them.
At some point in time, Robur is aloof.
At some point in time, Robur always says that the president and secretary shall remain as long as he desires it.
At some point in time, the president and secretary fear they will be held captive forever.
At some point in time, the president and secretary formulate plans to escape.
At some point in time, the president and secretary formulate plans to destroy the Albatross.
At some point in time, the horizontal propellers of the Albatross are damaged in a storm.
At some point in time, the Albatross is anchored over the Chatham Islands for repairs.
At some point in time, the crew of the Albatross is busy at work.
At some point in time, the two Weldon Institute members light a fuse.
At some point in time, the two Weldon Institute members make their escape.
At some point in time, the two Weldon Institute members try to bring the valet with them.
At some point in time, the two Weldon Institute members cannot find the valet.
At some point in time, the two Weldon Institute members later discover that the valet had already escaped without them.
At some point in time, the Albatross explodes.
At some point in time, the wreckage of the Albatross plunges into the ocean.
At some point in time, Robur plunges into the ocean with his crew.
At some point in time, the three escapees are safe on a small but inhabited island.
At some point in time, the three escapees are later rescued by a ship.
At some point in time, the three escapees make a long journey back to Philadelphia.
At some point in time, the Weldon Institute members return to Philadelphia.
At some point in time, the Weldon Institute members do not describe their adventures.
At some point in time, the Weldon Institute members do not admit that Robur created a flying machine greater than their expectations of the Go-ahead.
At some point in time, the Weldon Institute members conclude the argument they were having during their last meeting.
At some point in time, the Weldon Institute members decide to have one propeller in front and another behind for their dirigible.
At some point in time, the Go-ahead is completed seven months after the Weldon Institute members return.
At some point in time, the Go-ahead is making its maiden voyage.
At some point in time, the president, secretary, and an aeronaut are aboard the Go-ahead during its maiden voyage.
At some point in time, the speed and maneuverability of the Go-ahead marvel a huge crowd.
At some point in time, the speed and maneuverability of the Go-ahead are trivial compared to Robur's Albatross.
At some point in time, the Albatross appears out of the sky.
At some point in time, when the Albatross exploded, enough of it was intact so that at least some of the propellers operated.
At some point in time, the propellers of the Albatross slowed its descent.
At some point in time, the crew of the Albatross used the remains of the Albatross as a raft.
At some point in time, the crew of the Albatross was rescued by a ship.
At some point in time, Robur and the crew made it back to his secret X Island.
At some point in time, the original Albatross was built on X Island.
At some point in time, Robur has built a new Albatross.
At some point in time, Robur intends to exact revenge by showing that the new Albatross is superior to the Weldon Institute's Go-ahead.
At some point in time, the Albatross begins circling the Go-ahead.
At some point in time, the Go-ahead drops ballast.
At some point in time, the Go-ahead rises to fourteen thousand feet.
At some point in time, the Albatross follows the Go-ahead.
At some point in time, the Albatross is a circling menace.
At some point in time, the Go-ahead is at the mercy of the Albatross.
At some point in time, the Albatross is both faster and more maneuverable than the Go-ahead.
At some point in time, the Go-ahead exceeds her pressure height.
At some point in time, the gas bags of the Go-ahead rupture.
At some point in time, the Go-ahead loses her buoyancy gas.
At some point in time, the Go-ahead drops out of the sky like a rapidly descending kite.
At some point in time, the Albatross stays alongside the Go-ahead as she falls.
At some point in time, the crew of the Albatross signals the pilot and passengers of the Go-ahead to come on board the Albatross.
At some point in time, the pilot and passengers of the Go-ahead refuse to come on board the Albatross.
At some point in time, the crew of the Albatross seizes the pilot and passengers of the Go-ahead.
At some point in time, the crew of the Albatross brings the pilot and passengers of the Go-ahead aboard.
At some point in time, Robur demonstrates his rule over the skies.
At some point in time, Robur returns the three men to the ground.
At some point in time, Robur gives a short speech.
At some point in time, Robur says that nations are not yet fit for union.
At some point in time, Robur cautions the crowd that it is evolution, not revolution, that they should be seeking.
At some point in time, Robur leaves with the promise that he will one day return to reveal his secrets of flight.
At some point in time, the people of Philadelphia subject Prudent and Evans to unrelenting ridicule for the rest of their lives.