At some point in time, the setting is the fictional Missouri frontier town of Dawson's Landing.
At some point in time, Dawson's Landing is located on the banks of the Mississippi River.
At some point in time, Dawson's Landing is set in the first half of the 19th century.
At some point in time, David Wilson is a young lawyer.
At some point in time, David Wilson moves to Dawson's Landing.
At some point in time, a clever remark of David Wilson is misunderstood.
At some point in time, locals brand David Wilson a "pudd'nhead."
At some point in time, locals consider David Wilson a nitwit.
At some point in time, David Wilson's hobby is collecting fingerprints.
At some point in time, David Wilson's hobby does not raise his standing in the townsfolk's eyes.
At some point in time, townsfolk see David Wilson as an eccentric.
At some point in time, townsfolk do not frequent David Wilson's law practice.
At some point in time, the focus of the narrative shifts to the slave Roxy.
At some point in time, Roxy has a son named Valet de Chambre.
At some point in time, Valet de Chambre is referred to as "Chambers."
At some point in time, Roxy is only one-sixteenth black.
At some point in time, Valet de Chambre is only 1/32 black.
At some point in time, Roxy is principally charged with caring for her master's infant son Tom Driscoll.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll is the same age as Roxy's son Valet de Chambre.
At some point in time, Roxy fears for her life.
At some point in time, Roxy fears for the life of her son Valet de Chambre.
At some point in time, Roxy decides to kill herself and Valet de Chambre.
At some point in time, Roxy decides instead to switch Valet de Chambre and Tom Driscoll in their cribs.
At some point in time, Roxy wants her son Valet de Chambre to live a life of privilege.
At some point in time, the narrative moves forward two decades.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll believes himself to be wholly white.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll is raised as a spoiled aristocrat.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll has grown to be a selfish young man.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll has grown to be a dissolute young man.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll's father has died.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll's father granted Roxy her freedom.
At some point in time, Roxy worked for a time on river boats.
At some point in time, Roxy saved money for her retirement.
At some point in time, Roxy discovers that her bank has failed.
At some point in time, all of Roxy's savings are gone.
At some point in time, Roxy returns to Dawson's Landing.
At some point in time, Roxy asks Tom Driscoll for money.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll meets Roxy with derision.
At some point in time, Roxy tells Tom Driscoll that he is her son.
At some point in time, Roxy uses the fact that Tom Driscoll is her son to blackmail him.
At some point in time, Roxy blackmails Tom Driscoll into financially supporting her.
At some point in time, twin Italian noblemen visit Dawson's Landing.
At some point in time, the visit of the twin Italian noblemen is met with fanfare.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll quarrels with one of the twin Italian noblemen.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll is desperate for money.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll robs his wealthy uncle.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll murders his wealthy uncle.
At some point in time, the blame for the murder falls wrongly on one of the Italians.
At some point in time, the story takes on the form of a crime novel.
At some point in time, in a courtroom scene, Wilson demonstrates through fingerprints that Tom Driscoll is the murderer.
At some point in time, Wilson demonstrates through fingerprints that Tom Driscoll is not the real Driscoll heir.
At some point in time, the book ends in bitter irony.
At some point in time, the real Tom Driscoll is restored to his rights.
At some point in time, the life of the real Tom Driscoll changes for the worse.
At some point in time, the real Tom Driscoll feels intense unease in white society.
At some point in time, the real Tom Driscoll is forever excluded from the company of blacks.
At some point in time, the murdered man's creditors successfully petition the governor.
At some point in time, the governor has Tom Driscoll's death sentence overturned.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll is shown to be black.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll is a slave.
At some point in time, Tom Driscoll is rightfully the property of the creditors.
At some point in time, the sale of Tom Driscoll "down the river" helps the creditors recoup their losses.