At some point in time, the story begins when a group of children move from London to the countryside of Kent.
At some point in time, the group of children consists of five individuals: Cyril, Anthea, Robert, Jane, and their baby brother, known as the Lamb.
At some point in time, the five children are playing in a gravel pit.
At some point in time, the five children uncover a rather grumpy, ugly, and occasionally malevolent Psammead or sand-fairy.
At some point in time, the Psammead has the ability to grant wishes.
At some point in time, the Psammead persuades the children to take one wish each day to be shared among them.
At some point in time, the wishes will turn to stone at sunset.
At some point in time, the rule that wishes turn to stone at sunset apparently used to be the rule in the Stone Age.
At some point in time, in the Stone Age, all that children wished for was food.
At some point in time, the bones of the food wished for in the Stone Age then became fossils.
At some point in time, the five children's first wish is to be "as beautiful as the day."
At some point in time, the effects of the first wish vanish at sunset.
At some point in time, the Psammead observes that some wishes are too fanciful to be changed to stone.
At some point in time, all the wishes go comically wrong.
At some point in time, the children wish to be beautiful.
At some point in time, the servants do not recognize the children after they wish to be beautiful.
At some point in time, the servants shut the children out of the house.
At some point in time, the children wish to be rich.
At some point in time, the children find themselves with a gravel-pit full of gold spade guineas.
At some point in time, no shop will accept the gold spade guineas because they are no longer in circulation.
At some point in time, the children cannot buy anything with the gold spade guineas.
At some point in time, the children wish for wings.
At some point in time, at sunset, the children find themselves stuck on top of a church bell tower.
At some point in time, the children have no way down from the church bell tower.
At some point in time, the children get into trouble with the gamekeeper.
At some point in time, the gamekeeper must take the children home.
At some point in time, the wish for wings has the happy side-effect of introducing the gamekeeper to the children's housemaid.
At some point in time, the gamekeeper later marries the children's housemaid.
At some point in time, Robert is bullied by the baker's boy.
At some point in time, Robert wishes that he was bigger.
At some point in time, Robert becomes eleven feet tall after wishing to be bigger.
At some point in time, the other children show Robert at a travelling fair for coins.
At some point in time, the children wish themselves into a castle.
At some point in time, the children learn that the castle is being besieged.
At some point in time, the children wish to meet real Red Indians.
At some point in time, the wish to meet real Red Indians ends with the children nearly being scalped.
At some point in time, the children's infant brother, the Lamb, is the victim of two wishes gone awry.
At some point in time, in one wish, the children become annoyed with tending their brother.
At some point in time, the children wish that someone else would want their brother.
At some point in time, everyone wants the baby after the children wish that someone else would want him.
At some point in time, the children must fend off kidnappers and Gypsies.
At some point in time, the children later wish that the baby would grow up faster.
At some point in time, the wish for the baby to grow up faster causes him to grow all at once into a selfish, smug young man.
At some point in time, the selfish, smug young man promptly leaves the children all behind.
At some point in time, the children accidentally wish that they could give a wealthy woman's jewellery to their mother.
At some point in time, all the jewellery appears in the children's home after the wish.
At some point in time, the gamekeeper will be blamed for robbery.
At some point in time, the children must beg the Psammead for a complex series of wishes to set things right.
At some point in time, the Psammead agrees to grant the complex series of wishes.
At some point in time, the Psammead agrees on the condition that the children will never ask the Psammead for another wish.
At some point in time, only Anthea has grown close to the Psammead.
At some point in time, Anthea makes sure that the final wish is that the children will meet the Psammead again.
At some point in time, the Psammead assures the children that the wish to meet again will be granted.