At some point in time, First Lensman picks up more or less where Triplanetary left off.
At some point in time, The story follows the doings of the "First Lensman" Virgil Samms.
At some point in time, The Arisians know that Virgil Samms is incorruptible.
At some point in time, The Arisians know that Virgil Samms is a paragon of bravery and virtue.
At some point in time, The Arisians have chosen Virgil Samms to be the first entity to wear the "Lens of Civilization".
At some point in time, Virgil Samms has a dream.
At some point in time, Virgil Samms wants to establish the Galactic Patrol to protect civilization from the forces of evil.
At some point in time, Virgil Samms needs to have a reliable (unfakeable) symbol to identify the members of the Galactic Patrol.
At some point in time, Virgil Samms is guided by one of his trusted subordinates to Arisia.
At some point in time, Arisia is a previously unapproachable planet.
At some point in time, Virgil Samms is greeted by a benevolent and telepathic Arisian.
At some point in time, The benevolent and telepathic Arisian presents Virgil Samms with a "Lens".
At some point in time, The Lens is a device that can only be made by the Arisians.
At some point in time, The Lens can be worn only by the person that it is exclusively attuned to.
At some point in time, The Lens gives its wearer the ability to communicate telepathically with any being or animal with a mind.
At some point in time, The Lens gives its wearer other powers.
At some point in time, The Lens underlies all the remaining stories in the series.
At some point in time, Virgil Samms is charged with locating all "Lens worthy" individuals.
At some point in time, Virgil Samms is charged with directing all "Lens worthy" individuals to Arisia to have their own Lens bestowed upon them.
At some point in time, Once Virgil Samms has a cadre of Lensmen available to defend civilization, he uses them to begin tracing leads to the major threats to civilization.
At some point in time, The major threats to civilization include corrupt politicians.
At some point in time, The major threats to civilization include illegal drugs.
At some point in time, The major threats to civilization include pirates attacking merchant ships in space.
At some point in time, To fight the crooked politics, the Lensmen can only gather evidence and hold it until the campaign and elections.
At some point in time, The leads to the pirates hit a blank wall and stall for now.
At some point in time, Combating the drug traffickers yields the most success.
At some point in time, Breaking the drug smuggling turns out to be the key to getting a handle on all the other threats.
At some point in time, As the Lensmen trace the trade in "thionite", a mind-altering drug, they find the different leads all coming together.
At some point in time, All the different leads lead straight to the corrupt political machine that was then running North America.
At some point in time, While following the leads, the Lensmen visit alien planets.
At some point in time, While following the leads, the Lensmen encounter bizarre life forms.
At some point in time, The Lensmen attempt to recruit representative members of as many species as possible as Lensmen.
At some point in time, The Lensmen build a fleet uniting all the continental fleets of Tellus (Earth) into the “Grand Fleet of the Galactic Patrol”.
At some point in time, The Lensmen engage in a massive space battle in defense of their headquarters, “The Hill”.
At some point in time, The upper levels of the Patrol are starting to realize that the beings that they have been calling pirates are actually members of another civilization.
At some point in time, The other civilization is at least as big and as powerful as that of the Galactic Patrol.
At some point in time, The Lensmen have beaten off the pirate fleet attacking The Hill.
At some point in time, It is time to cut off the head of the dragon by defeating the corrupt political machine in the next election.
At some point in time, The second half of the book tells of a North American presidential election.
At some point in time, The North American presidential election is fought by the officers of the Triplanetary Service as 'Cosmocrats'.
At some point in time, The goal of the Cosmocrats is to elect Roderick Kinnison North American President.
At some point in time, The crooked political machine is referred to as 'Nationalist'.
At some point in time, The goal of the Nationalist is to keep the corrupt incumbent in office.
At some point in time, There is a knock down, drag out fight between the two parties.
At some point in time, There is another battle in space that is even bigger than the first.
At some point in time, All the evidence of corruption gathered and held before is released.
At some point in time, The Cosmocrats win the crucial election.
At some point in time, The continuation of the Galactic Patrol is secured.
At some point in time, The safety of Civilization is secured.