At some point in time, Dorothy Gale is at home in Kansas one day.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale has a pet dog named Toto.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto meet the Shaggy Man.
At some point in time, the Shaggy Man comes walking past the Gale farm.
At some point in time, the Shaggy Man is a friendly hobo.
At some point in time, the Shaggy Man is slightly senile.
At some point in time, the Shaggy Man has an optimistic mentality.
At some point in time, the Shaggy Man politely asks Dorothy Gale for directions to Butterfield.
At some point in time, Butterfield is the nearest town on the prairie.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale agrees to show the Shaggy Man the way.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale brings Toto with her.
At some point in time, the road splits into seven paths.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and the Shaggy Man take the seventh path.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale, Toto, and the Shaggy Man find themselves lost.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale, Toto, and the Shaggy Man are in another dimension.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale, Toto, and the Shaggy Man meet Button-Bright.
At some point in time, Button-Bright is a cute little boy.
At some point in time, Button-Bright is wealthy.
At some point in time, Button-Bright wears a sailor's outfit.
At some point in time, Button-Bright is always getting lost.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale, Toto, and the Shaggy Man encounter Polychrome.
At some point in time, Polychrome is the Daughter of the Rainbow.
At some point in time, Polychrome is beautiful and ethereal.
At some point in time, Polychrome is stranded on earth.
At some point in time, Polychrome explains that she accidentally fell off her father's bow.
At some point in time, Polychrome was dancing on her father's bow.
At some point in time, Polychrome's father's bow ascended into the atmosphere.
At some point in time, Polychrome's father's bow returned to the clouds.
At some point in time, Polychrome was unable to climb back onto her father's bow.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale, Toto, the Shaggy Man, Button-Bright, and Polychrome come to the town of Foxville.
At some point in time, Foxville is peculiar.
At some point in time, Foxville is inhabited by anthropomorphic foxes.
At some point in time, King Dox of Foxville prompts Dorothy Gale.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale deduces that she and Toto are on another "fairy adventure."
At some point in time, the "fairy adventure" will ultimately lead Dorothy Gale and Toto to the magical Land of Oz.
At some point in time, the "fairy adventure" will lead Dorothy Gale and Toto to Princess Ozma's royal birthday party.
At some point in time, Princess Ozma's royal birthday party is acknowledged as August 21 by Oz fans.
At some point in time, the book only refers to the 21st of the month.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale mentions that the current month is August.
At some point in time, King Dox takes a particular liking to Button-Bright.
At some point in time, King Dox considers Button-Bright astute and clever.
At some point in time, King Dox believes that the human face does not suit someone clever.
At some point in time, King Dox gives Button-Bright a fox's head.
At some point in time, a similar event happens to the Shaggy Man.
At some point in time, King Kik-a-Bray of Dunkiton confers a donkey's head upon the Shaggy Man.
At some point in time, King Kik-a-Bray confers the donkey's head upon the Shaggy Man in reward for cleverness.
At some point in time, Foxville and Dunkiton exist at odds with one another.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and her companions meet the Musicker.
At some point in time, the Musicker produces music from his breath.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and her companions fight off the Scoodlers.
At some point in time, the Scoodlers fight by removing their own heads.
At some point in time, the Scoodlers throw their own heads at the travelers.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and her companions reach the edge of the Deadly Desert.
At some point in time, the Deadly Desert completely surrounds Oz.
At some point in time, Johnny Dooit builds a "sand-boat."
At some point in time, the "sand-boat" allows them to cross the Deadly Desert.
At some point in time, physical contact with the desert's sands will turn travelers to dust.
At some point in time, this fact is stated in this book.
At some point in time, this fact is also stated in Ozma of Oz (1907).
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and her companions are warmly welcomed by Tik-Tok.
At some point in time, Tik-Tok is a mechanical man.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and her companions are warmly welcomed by Billina.
At some point in time, Billina is the Yellow Hen.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and her companions travel to the Truth Pond.
At some point in time, Button-Bright and the Shaggy Man regain their true heads by bathing in the Truth Pond's waters.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and her companions meet the Tin Woodman.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and her companions meet the Scarecrow.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and her companions meet Jack Pumpkinhead.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman, the Scarecrow, and Jack Pumpkinhead journey with Dorothy Gale and her companions to Emerald City.
At some point in time, Emerald City is the imperial capital.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale meets Ozma.
At some point in time, Ozma's chariot is pulled in by the Cowardly Lion.
At some point in time, Ozma's chariot is pulled in by the Hungry Tiger.
At some point in time, preparations for Ozma's birthday party are made.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Dorothy Gale.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Scarecrow.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Tin Woodman.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Cowardly Lion.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Wizard of Oz.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Jack Pumpkinhead.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Sawhorse.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Tik-Tok.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Billina.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Jellia Jamb.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Woggle-Bug.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Hungry Tiger.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Good Witch of the North.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Shaggy Man.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Button-Bright.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Polychrome.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include characters from all over Nonestica.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Santa Claus.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include a band of Ryls.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include a bunch of Knooks from the Forest of Burzee.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Queen Zixi of Ix.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Queen of Merryland.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include four wooden soldiers.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Candy Man from Merryland.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Braided Man from Boboland's Pyramid Mountain.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include the Royal Family of the Land of Ev.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include King Bud.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Princess Fluff from Noland.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include John Dough.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Chick the Cherub.
At some point in time, the guests at Ozma's birthday party include Para Bruin the Rubber Bear from Hiland and Loland.
At some point in time, King Dox gives the Shaggy Man permission to stay in Oz permanently.
At some point in time, the Shaggy Man is given a new suit of clothes.
At some point in time, the Shaggy Man's new suit of clothes has bobtails.
At some point in time, the Shaggy Man's new suit of clothes replaces his former costume's ragged edges.
At some point in time, the Shaggy Man retains his name and identity.
At some point in time, everyone presents their gifts at Ozma's birthday party.
At some point in time, everyone feasts at a lavish banquet in Ozma's honor.
At some point in time, the Wizard of Oz demonstrates a method of using bubbles as transportation.
At some point in time, the method of using bubbles sends everyone home.
At some point in time, Polychrome is found by her rainbow family.
At some point in time, Polychrome is magically lifted into the sky.
At some point in time, Polychrome climbs back onto her bow.
At some point in time, Button-Bright goes home with Santa Claus.
At some point in time, Button-Bright goes to the North Pole in a soap bubble.
At some point in time, Dorothy Gale and Toto are wished back home to Kansas by Ozma.
At some point in time, Ozma uses the Magic Belt to wish Dorothy Gale and Toto back home.