At some point in time, the setting is contemporaneous with publication.
At some point in time, the setting is the beginning of the twentieth century.
At some point in time, Crawfurd grows up in Kirkcaple.
At some point in time, Kirkcaple is by the North Sea.
At some point in time, Crawfurd first encounters the antagonist, Laputa, performing a ritual on the beach.
At some point in time, Crawfurd's father dies.
At some point in time, Crawfurd goes to work as a shopkeeper.
At some point in time, Crawfurd works as a shopkeeper in a place called Blaauwildebeestefontein.
At some point in time, Crawfurd comes into contact with a Portuguese man named Henriques.
At some point in time, Crawfurd comes into contact with Laputa again.
At some point in time, Crawfurd gradually learns of illegal diamond smuggling.
At some point in time, Crawfurd learns of a planned rising of the native people of the region.
At some point in time, the native people of the region include the Zulu people.
At some point in time, the native people of the region include the Swazi people.
At some point in time, Laputa leads the planned rising of the native people.
At some point in time, Laputa's skill as a preacher allows him to inspire many tribes across the region.
At some point in time, Laputa invokes the legend of Prester John.
At some point in time, Laputa positions himself as the rightful heir and leader who can rise up against colonial rule.
At some point in time, Crawfurd learns more about the rising after meeting Captain Arcoll.
At some point in time, Captain Arcoll leads the colonialist army and police.
At some point in time, Crawfurd overhears the conversation of Laputa and Henriques.
At some point in time, Crawfurd infiltrates the cave where the tribal leaders are gathering.
At some point in time, Crawfurd witnesses Laputa commencing the rising.
At some point in time, Laputa is wearing the necklet of Prester John.
At some point in time, the necklet of Prester John legitimises Laputa's leadership.
At some point in time, Crawfurd is captured.
At some point in time, Crawfurd manages to relay a message to Captain Arcoll.
At some point in time, Crawfurd escapes during an ambush.
At some point in time, Crawfurd steals the necklet from the hands of Henriques.
At some point in time, Henriques is trying to steal the necklet for himself.
At some point in time, Crawfurd runs all night.
At some point in time, Crawfurd is climbing a ravine in the escarpment up to the plateau above the berg.
At some point in time, Crawfurd is captured again.
At some point in time, Crawfurd manages to hide the necklet.
At some point in time, the necklet is made of priceless rubies.
At some point in time, Crawfurd is taken to Laputa's new base.
At some point in time, Crawfurd escapes immediate punishment by offering Laputa his knowledge of the location of the necklet.
At some point in time, Crawfurd offers Laputa his knowledge in exchange for sparing his life.
At some point in time, Laputa needs the necklet in order to convince his followers.
At some point in time, Laputa has not told anyone of the loss of the necklet.
At some point in time, Laputa goes alone with Crawfurd to search for the necklet.
At some point in time, Crawfurd narrowly escapes once again in the ravine.
At some point in time, Crawfurd steals Laputa's horse.
At some point in time, Crawfurd takes Laputa's horse to go to Arcoll's headquarters.
At some point in time, with Laputa separated from his army, Arcoll's forces are able to quell the leaderless uprising.
At some point in time, Crawfurd returns to the cave.
At some point in time, Crawfurd finds the treacherous Henriques dead outside the cave.
At some point in time, Henriques has been strangled by Laputa.
At some point in time, Crawfurd enters the cave.
At some point in time, Crawfurd meets Laputa in the cave.
At some point in time, Laputa knows that all his plans have failed.
At some point in time, Laputa destroys a rock bridge giving access to the cave.
At some point in time, Laputa commits suicide by jumping into an underground river chasm.
At some point in time, Crawfurd makes a daring escape by climbing a cascade up and out of the cave.
At some point in time, Crawfurd rejoins Arcoll.
At some point in time, Crawfurd is instrumental in bringing about the disarmament of the native uprising.
At some point in time, Crawfurd is instrumental in bringing about the subsequent peace.
At some point in time, Crawfurd is rewarded with a large portion of the treasure hidden in the cave.
At some point in time, Crawfurd eventually returns to Scotland a rich man.