At some point in time, worms are found in many places.
At some point in time, worms are found on the forest floor.
At some point in time, worms are found in mountains.
At some point in time, worms are found in many locations around the world.
At some point in time, worms are considered terrestrial animals.
At some point in time, worms are really semi-aquatic animals.
At some point in time, worms die quickly in air.
At some point in time, worms survive for months in water.
At some point in time, worms are inactive during the day.
At some point in time, worms sometimes come out of their burrows at night.
At some point in time, worms are eaten by thrushes in large numbers.
At some point in time, worms are eaten by other birds in large numbers.
At some point in time, worms lie close to the surface.
At some point in time, worms have well-developed muscular systems.
At some point in time, worms have well-developed nervous systems.
At some point in time, worms have well-developed circulatory systems.
At some point in time, worms have well-developed digestive systems.
At some point in time, worms have a unique digestive system.
At some point in time, worms are eyeless.
At some point in time, worms respond to the intensity of light.
At some point in time, worms respond to the duration of light.
At some point in time, worms slowly respond to temperature.
At some point in time, worms have no hearing.
At some point in time, worms are sensitive to vibrations.
At some point in time, worms have a feeble sense of smell.
At some point in time, worms are able to find their preferred foods.
At some point in time, worms are omnivorous animals.
At some point in time, worms swallow much earth.
At some point in time, worms extract food from the earth.
At some point in time, worms live chiefly on half-decayed leaves.
At some point in time, half-decayed leaves are partially digested by a pancreatic solution before ingestion.
At some point in time, the extra-stomachal digestion of worms is not unlike that which Darwin described as occurring in Insectivorous Plants.
At some point in time, the structure of the calciferous glands of earthworms is described.
At some point in time, many hypotheses have been advanced for the function of calciferous glands.
At some point in time, Darwin believed the primary function of calciferous glands is for excretion.
At some point in time, Darwin believed the secondary function of calciferous glands is as a digestion aid.
At some point in time, thin leaves are seized with the mouth by worms.
At some point in time, thick leaves are dragged by worms by creating a vacuum.
At some point in time, leaves are used to plug up the burrow by worms.
At some point in time, stones are used to plug up the burrow by worms.
At some point in time, plugging up the burrow may deter predators.
At some point in time, plugging up the burrow may keep out water.
At some point in time, plugging up the burrow may keep out chilled air.
At some point in time, Darwin's preferred function of plugging up the burrow is to keep out chilled air.
At some point in time, worms drag leaves in mostly by the tips.
At some point in time, dragging leaves in by the tips is the easiest way for worms to do it.
At some point in time, worms change behavior when the base of the leaf is narrower.
At some point in time, worms drag pine needle clusters in by the base.
At some point in time, petioles are used to plug up burrows by worms.
At some point in time, petioles are used for food by worms.
At some point in time, worms drag experimental triangles of paper by the apex most of the time.
At some point in time, worms do not rely on trial and error.
At some point in time, worms excavate burrows by consuming material.
At some point in time, worms excavate burrows by pushing material away.
At some point in time, worms mainly consume soil for nutrients.
At some point in time, worms are found down to six or more feet.
At some point in time, worms are found especially in extreme conditions.
At some point in time, burrows are lined by worms.
At some point in time, lining burrows serves several functions.
At some point in time, burrows terminate in a chamber lined with stones or seeds.
At some point in time, worms are found all over the planet.
At some point in time, some worms are found on isolated islands.
At some point in time, how worms got to isolated islands is a mystery.
At some point in time, Darwin draws on correspondence with people from around the world.
At some point in time, Fritz Müller is a person from Brazil with whom Darwin corresponded.
At some point in time, the amount of earth brought to the surface by worms can be estimated.
At some point in time, the rate at which objects on the surface are buried allows estimation of earth brought to the surface by worms.
At some point in time, weighing the earth brought up in a given time allows estimation of earth brought to the surface by worms.
At some point in time, information from farmers on marl allows Darwin to make calculations.
At some point in time, information from farmers on cinders allows Darwin to make calculations.
At some point in time, Darwin conducted a 29-year experiment on chalk.
At some point in time, Darwin conducted the experiment on chalk at a field near his house.
At some point in time, objects of all sorts "work themselves downwards" as farmers say.
At some point in time, large stones sink because worms fill up hollows with castings.
At some point in time, worms eject castings beyond the perimeter of hollows.
At some point in time, the ground around large stones starts to rise.
At some point in time, Darwin visited Stonehenge.
At some point in time, Darwin found some outer stones at Stonehenge partly buried.
At some point in time, the turf slopes up to meet the outer stones at Stonehenge.
At some point in time, Darwin weighed castings.
At some point in time, Darwin had friends weigh castings in other countries.
At some point in time, Darwin weighed castings per unit area per year.
At some point in time, Darwin worked out how thick a layer of castings would make.
At some point in time, Darwin compared rates of sinking with the thickness of a layer of castings.
At some point in time, Darwin worked out casting weight per worm per year.
At some point in time, worms have preserved many ancient objects under the ground.
At some point in time, Darwin describes an ancient Roman villa in Abinger, Surrey.
At some point in time, worms have penetrated the concrete walls of ancient Roman villas.
At some point in time, worms have penetrated mortar.
At some point in time, similar subsidence occurred at Beaulieu Abbey, Hampshire.
At some point in time, worms penetrated gaps between the tiles at Beaulieu Abbey.
At some point in time, Darwin's sons Francis and Horace visited Chedworth Roman Villa in Gloucestershire.
At some point in time, William reported on Brading Roman Villa, Isle of Wight.
At some point in time, Darwin discusses the well-preserved ruins of Silchester Roman Town, Hampshire.
At some point in time, the Rev. J. G. Joyce helped Darwin with the discussion on Silchester Roman Town.
At some point in time, Darwin discusses the case of the Viroconium Roman town ruins at Wroxeter, Shropshire.
At some point in time, Dr. H. Johnson helped Darwin with observations on Viroconium Roman town ruins.
At some point in time, Dr. H. Johnson made observations including the depth of vegetable mould.
At some point in time, Darwin concludes that both worms and other causes have buried ancient ruins.
At some point in time, other causes include dust deposition.
At some point in time, other causes include washing down of soil.
At some point in time, denudation is caused mainly by air movement.
At some point in time, denudation is caused mainly by water movement.
At some point in time, humic acids generated by worms disintegrate rock.
At some point in time, worms' burrowing behavior speeds up the disintegration of rock.
At some point in time, the thickening of the soil layer slows down the disintegration of rock.
At some point in time, worms swallow hard objects to aid digestion.
At some point in time, swallowing hard objects causes attrition to such objects.
At some point in time, the attrition of hard objects has geological significance.
At some point in time, the attrition of hard objects is especially significant for smaller particles.
At some point in time, smaller particles are otherwise eroded very slowly.
At some point in time, rain causes castings to move down an incline.
At some point in time, Darwin worked out the weight of castings moving a certain distance in a given time.
At some point in time, some castings roll down.
At some point in time, some castings collect in drains.
At some point in time, some castings get blown.
At some point in time, there is a greater effect on casting movement in the tropics.
At some point in time, the greater effect on casting movement in the tropics is due to increased rain.
At some point in time, the finest earth is washed away.
At some point in time, ledges on hillsides are partly due to casting accumulations.
At some point in time, ledges on hillsides were formerly believed to be caused by grazing mammals.
At some point in time, crowns and furrows of formerly ploughed lands slowly vanish when under pasture.
At some point in time, crowns and furrows of formerly ploughed lands vanish more slowly when there is no incline.
At some point in time, fine earth is washed down from slopes.
At some point in time, fine earth makes a shallow layer.
At some point in time, dissolving of chalk supplies new earth.
At some point in time, Darwin writes in the conclusion that worms have played a more important part in the history of the world than most persons would at first suppose.
At some point in time, worms are important for many reasons.
At some point in time, worms play a role in the decomposition of rocks.
At some point in time, worms play a role in the gradual denudation of the land.
At some point in time, worms play a role in the preservation of archaeological remains.
At some point in time, worms play a role in improving soil conditions for plant growth.
At some point in time, worms show complex behavior.
At some point in time, worms show flexible behavior.
At some point in time, worms have rudimentary sense organs.