At some point in time, Sir Oliver Tressilian lives at the estate of Penarrow.
At some point in time, Sir Oliver Tressilian has a brother named Lionel.
At some point in time, Sir Oliver Tressilian is betrothed to Rosamund Godolphin.
At some point in time, Peter Godolphin is Rosamund Godolphin's brother.
At some point in time, Peter Godolphin detests the Tressilians.
At some point in time, Peter Godolphin detests the Tressilians due to an old feud between Peter Godolphin's father and Sir Oliver Tressilian's father.
At some point in time, Sir John Killigrew is Rosamund Godolphin's guardian.
At some point in time, Sir John Killigrew has little love for the Tressilians.
At some point in time, Peter Godolphin's manipulations drive Sir Oliver Tressilian into a duel with Sir John Killigrew.
At some point in time, the scheme backfires.
At some point in time, Sir John Killigrew is seriously wounded.
At some point in time, Peter Godolphin's hatred is further stoked by Sir John Killigrew's serious wound.
At some point in time, Peter Godolphin attempts to bait Sir Oliver Tressilian into a violent confrontation.
At some point in time, Sir Oliver Tressilian is mindful of Rosamund Godolphin's warning.
At some point in time, Rosamund Godolphin warns Sir Oliver Tressilian never to meet Peter Godolphin in an affair of honor.
At some point in time, Lionel returns home one evening.
At some point in time, Lionel is bloodied and exhausted.
At some point in time, Lionel has killed Peter Godolphin in a duel.
At some point in time, there were no witnesses to Peter Godolphin's death.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian is widely believed to be Peter Godolphin's killer.
At some point in time, Lionel does nothing to disprove the accusations against Sir Oliver Tressilian.
At some point in time, Lionel has Oliver Tressilian kidnapped.
At some point in time, Lionel sells Oliver Tressilian into slavery.
At some point in time, Lionel sells Oliver Tressilian to ensure that Oliver Tressilian never reveals the truth about Peter Godolphin's death.
At some point in time, the slave ship is en route to the New World.
At some point in time, the slave ship is boarded by the Spanish.
At some point in time, the crew of the slave ship are added to the slaves.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian toils at the oars of a Spanish galley for six months.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian befriends a Moorish slave named Yusuf-ben-Moktar.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian, Yusuf-ben-Moktar, and the other slaves are freed when the galley is boarded by Muslim corsairs.
At some point in time, the Muslim corsairs offer to fight for the Muslims.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian's fighting skills grant him special privileges in Muslim society.
At some point in time, Yusuf-ben-Moktar is the nephew of the Basha of Algiers.
At some point in time, the testimony of Yusuf-ben-Moktar grants Oliver Tressilian special privileges in Muslim society.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian becomes the corsair known as Sakr-el-Bahr.
At some point in time, Sakr-el-Bahr means "the Hawk of the Sea."
At some point in time, in his new role, Oliver Tressilian rescues English slaves.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian purchases English slaves himself.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian releases English slaves in Italy.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian captures a Spanish vessel.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian discovers Jasper Leigh as a slave at the oars of the Spanish vessel.
At some point in time, Jasper Leigh is Oliver Tressilian's one-time kidnapper.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian gives Jasper Leigh the opportunity to convert to Islam.
At some point in time, Oliver Tressilian gives Jasper Leigh the opportunity to join his corsairs.
At some point in time, with Jasper Leigh's navigational skills, Sakr-el-Bahr sets sail for England.
At some point in time, Sakr-el-Bahr sets sail for England to take revenge on Lionel.
At some point in time, Lionel has taken possession of Penarrow.
At some point in time, Lionel is now betrothed to Rosamund Godolphin.
At some point in time, Rosamund Godolphin believes that Oliver Tressilian murdered her brother.
At some point in time, Sakr-el-Bahr carries Lionel and Rosamund Godolphin off to Algiers.
At some point in time, Sakr-el-Bahr carries Lionel and Rosamund Godolphin off to be sold as slaves.
At some point in time, the Basha takes a fancy to Rosamund Godolphin.
At some point in time, the Basha plans to buy Rosamund Godolphin himself.
At some point in time, the Basha does not have enough ready cash to meet the high bid for Rosamund Godolphin.
At some point in time, Sakr-el-Bahr wins Rosamund Godolphin instead of the Basha.
At some point in time, the Basha threatens to take Rosamund Godolphin by force.
At some point in time, Sakr-el-Bahr marries Rosamund Godolphin.
At some point in time, Sakr-el-Bahr's marriage to Rosamund Godolphin foils the Basha's efforts.
At some point in time, Sakr-el-Bahr buys Lionel.
At some point in time, Sakr-el-Bahr tricks Lionel into revealing the truth about Peter Godolphin's death.