At some point in time, Penguin Island is written in the style of a sprawling 18th- and 19th-century history book.
At some point in time, Penguin Island is concerned with grand metanarratives.
At some point in time, Penguin Island mythologizes heroes.
At some point in time, Penguin Island includes hagiography.
At some point in time, Penguin Island promotes romantic nationalism.
At some point in time, Penguin Island is about a fictitious island.
At some point in time, the fictitious island is inhabited by great auks.
At some point in time, the fictitious island existed off the northern coast of Europe.
At some point in time, the history of Penguin Island begins when a wayward Christian missionary monk lands on the island.
At some point in time, the wayward Christian missionary monk perceives the upright, unafraid auks as a sort of pre-Christian society of noble pagans.
At some point in time, the wayward Christian missionary monk is mostly blind and somewhat deaf.
At some point in time, the wayward Christian missionary monk mistakes the auks for humans.
At some point in time, the wayward Christian missionary monk baptizes the auks.
At some point in time, the baptism of the auks causes a problem for The Lord.
At some point in time, The Lord normally only allows humans to be baptized.
At some point in time, The Lord consults with saints and theologians in Heaven.
At some point in time, The Lord resolves the dilemma by converting the baptized birds to humans.
At some point in time, the converted humans have only a few physical traces of their ornithological origin.
At some point in time, the converted humans are given each a soul.
At some point in time, the history of Penguinia begins after the conversion of the auks.
At some point in time, the history of Penguinia mirrors that of France.
At some point in time, the history of Penguinia also mirrors more generally that of Western Europe.
At some point in time, the history of Penguinia includes German-speaking areas.
At some point in time, the history of Penguinia includes the British Isles.
At some point in time, the narrative of Penguinia spans from the Migration Period.
At some point in time, the Migration Period is also known as the "Dark Ages."
At some point in time, the Germanic tribes fought incessantly among themselves for territory during the Migration Period.
At some point in time, the narrative of Penguinia includes the heroic Early Middle Ages.
At some point in time, the rise of Charlemagne is part of the narrative of Penguinia.
At some point in time, Charlemagne is referred to as "Draco the Great."
At some point in time, the narrative of Penguinia includes conflicts with Viking raiders.
At some point in time, Viking raiders are referred to as "porpoises."
At some point in time, the narrative of Penguinia includes the Renaissance.
At some point in time, Erasmus is part of the narrative of Penguinia.
At some point in time, the narrative of Penguinia extends up to the modern era.
At some point in time, the modern era includes motor cars.
At some point in time, the narrative of Penguinia extends into a future time.
At some point in time, the future time includes a thriving high-tech civilization.
At some point in time, the thriving high-tech civilization is destroyed by a campaign of terrorist bombings.
At some point in time, the destruction of the thriving high-tech civilization leads to everything beginning again in an endless cycle.
At some point in time, the longest-running plot thread in Penguin Island satirizes the Dreyfus affair.
At some point in time, brief and complex satires of European history are present throughout the novel.
At some point in time, brief and complex satires of European politics are present throughout the novel.
At some point in time, brief and complex satires of European philosophy are present throughout the novel.
At some point in time, brief and complex satires of European theology are present throughout the novel.
At some point in time, real historical figures such as Columba are part of the story.
At some point in time, real historical figures such as Saint Augustine are part of the story.
At some point in time, fictionalized characters represent historical people in the story.
At some point in time, Penguin Island is a satire on society.
At some point in time, Penguin Island is a satire on human nature.
At some point in time, Penguin Island lampoons morals.
At some point in time, Penguin Island lampoons customs.
At some point in time, Penguin Island lampoons the origin of religion.
At some point in time, Penguin Island lampoons laws.
At some point in time, the origin of private property is presented as starting with the brutal and shameless murder of a farmer.
At some point in time, the brutal and shameless murder of a farmer is followed by the seizure of his land.
At some point in time, the seizure of the farmer's land is executed by a physically larger and stronger neighbour.