At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose lives an idyllic life in a country parish.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose has a wife named Deborah.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose has a son named George.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose has daughters named Olivia and Sophia.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose has three other children.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose is wealthy due to investing an inheritance.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose received the inheritance from a deceased relative.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose donates £34 annually to local orphans.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose donates £34 annually to war veterans.
At some point in time, the Vicar loses all his money on the evening of George's wedding.
At some point in time, the Vicar loses all his money through the bankruptcy of his merchant investor.
At some point in time, the merchant investor leaves town abruptly.
At some point in time, Arabella Wilmot's father calls off the wedding.
At some point in time, Arabella Wilmot's father is known for his prudence with money.
At some point in time, George is educated at Oxford.
At some point in time, George is old enough to be considered an adult.
At some point in time, George is sent away to town.
At some point in time, the rest of the family moves to a new parish.
At some point in time, the new parish is more humble.
At some point in time, the new parish is on the land of Squire Thornhill.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill is known to be a womanizer.
At some point in time, the family hears about the dubious reputation of their new landlord.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill has an uncle named Sir William Thornhill.
At some point in time, Sir William Thornhill is known throughout the country for his worthiness.
At some point in time, Sir William Thornhill is known throughout the country for his generosity.
At some point in time, Mr. Burchell is a poor and eccentric friend.
At some point in time, Mr. Burchell rescues Sophia from drowning.
At some point in time, Sophia is instantly attracted to Mr. Burchell.
At some point in time, Mrs. Primrose does not encourage Sophia's feelings for Mr. Burchell.
At some point in time, there follows a period of happy family life.
At some point in time, the period of happy family life is interrupted by regular visits of Squire Thornhill.
At some point in time, the period of happy family life is interrupted by regular visits of Mr. Burchell.
At some point in time, Olivia is captivated by Squire Thornhill's hollow charm.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill encourages the social ambitions of Mrs. Primrose.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill encourages the social ambitions of Mrs. Primrose's daughters.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill encourages the social ambitions of Mrs. Primrose to a ludicrous degree.
At some point in time, Olivia is reported to have fled.
At some point in time, Mr. Burchell is suspected of Olivia's flight.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose finds his daughter after a long pursuit.
At some point in time, Olivia was deceived by Squire Thornhill.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill planned to marry Olivia in a mock ceremony.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill planned to leave Olivia shortly after the mock ceremony.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill had done the same with several women before.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose and Olivia find their house in flames.
At some point in time, the family has lost almost all their belongings.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill insists on the payment of the rent.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose cannot pay the rent.
At some point in time, Dr. Charles Primrose is brought to prison.
At some point in time, there is a chain of dreadful occurrences.
At some point in time, Olivia is reported dead.
At some point in time, Sophia is abducted.
At some point in time, George is sent to prison in chains.
At some point in time, George is covered with blood.
At some point in time, George challenged Squire Thornhill to a duel.
At some point in time, George challenged Squire Thornhill after hearing about his wickedness.
At some point in time, Mr. Burchell arrives and solves all problems.
At some point in time, Mr. Burchell rescues Sophia.
At some point in time, Olivia is not dead.
At some point in time, Mr. Burchell is in reality Sir William Thornhill.
At some point in time, Sir William Thornhill travels through the country in disguise.
At some point in time, there is a double wedding at the end.
At some point in time, George marries Arabella Wilmot.
At some point in time, George marries Arabella Wilmot as he originally intended.
At some point in time, Sir William Thornhill marries Sophia.
At some point in time, Squire Thornhill's servant tricked him.
At some point in time, the sham marriage of Squire Thornhill and Olivia is real.
At some point in time, the wealth of Dr. Charles Primrose is restored.
At some point in time, the bankrupt merchant is reported to be found.