At some point in time, The Wonderful Visit tells how an angel spends a little more than a week in southern England.
At some point in time, The angel is at first mistaken for a bird because of his dazzling polychromatic plumage.
The angel is neither the Angel of religious feeling nor the Angel of popular belief.
At some point in time, The angel is the Angel of Italian art.
At some point in time, The angel is hunted and shot in the wing by an amateur ornithologist.
At some point in time, The amateur ornithologist is the Rev. K. Hilyer.
At some point in time, The Rev. K. Hilyer is the vicar of Siddermoton.
At some point in time, The angel is taken in and cared for at the vicarage.
At some point in time, The angel comes from the Land of Dreams.
At some point in time, The Land of Dreams is the angel's term for our world.
At some point in time, The angel is charmfully affable.
At some point in time, The angel is quite ignorant of the most elementary facts of civilisation.
At some point in time, During his brief visit, the angel grows increasingly dismayed by what he learns about the world in general.
At some point in time, During his brief visit, the angel grows increasingly dismayed by what he learns about life in Victorian England in particular.
At some point in time, The angel grows increasingly critical of local mores.
At some point in time, The angel is eventually denounced as a Socialist.
At some point in time, The vicar comes under attack by fellow clerics.
At some point in time, The vicar comes under attack by neighbours.
At some point in time, The vicar comes under attack by servants.
At some point in time, No one but the vicar believes the angel comes from another world.
At some point in time, People take to calling the angel "Mr. Angel."
At some point in time, The angel's one talent is his divine violin-playing.
At some point in time, The angel is discredited at a reception hosted by Lady Hammergallow.
At some point in time, It is discovered that the angel cannot read music.
At some point in time, The angel confides to a sympathetic listener that he has taken an interest in the vicar's serving girl, Delia.
At some point in time, The angel's wings begin to atrophy instead of healing.
At some point in time, The local physician is Dr. Crump.
At some point in time, Dr. Crump threatens to have the angel put in a prison.
At some point in time, Dr. Crump threatens to have the angel put in a madhouse.
At some point in time, The angel destroys some barbed wire on a local baronet's property.
At some point in time, The local baronet is Sir John Gotch.
At some point in time, Sir John Gotch gives the vicar one week to send the angel away.
At some point in time, Sir John Gotch will begin proceedings against the vicar if the angel is not sent away.
At some point in time, The Rev. Mr. Hilyer is regretfully planning how he will take the angel to London.
At some point in time, The Rev. Mr. Hilyer is planning to try to establish the angel in London.
At some point in time, Two catastrophes abort the Rev. Mr. Hilyer's plan.
At some point in time, The angel had been breathing the poisonous air of the Struggle for Existence for more than a week.
At some point in time, The angel beats Sir John Gotch with Gotch's own whip in a fury.
At some point in time, The local landowner is Sir John Gotch.
At some point in time, Sir John Gotch insolently orders the angel off his land.
At some point in time, The angel returns to the village to find the vicar's house in flames.
At some point in time, Delia, the serving girl, has entered the burning building.
At some point in time, Delia has entered the burning building in an attempt to rescue the angel's violin.
At some point in time, Delia's extraordinary act comes as a revelation to the angel.
At some point in time, The angel sees the grim little world of battle and cruelty transfigured in a splendour that outshone the Angelic Land.
At some point in time, The angel sees the world suffused suddenly and insupportably glorious with the wonderful light of Love and Self-Sacrifice.
At some point in time, The angel attempts to rescue Delia.
At some point in time, Someone seems to see two figures with wings flash up and vanish among the flames.
At some point in time, A strange music begins and ends like the opening and shutting of a door.
At some point in time, The strange music suggests that the angel has gone back to where he came from.
At some point in time, The angel is accompanied by Delia when he goes back to where he came from.
At some point in time, An epilogue reveals that there is nothing beneath the two white crosses in Siddermorton cemetery.
At some point in time, The two white crosses in Siddermorton cemetery bear the names of Thomas Angel and Delia Hardy.
The vicar never recovered his aplomb after the angel's departure.
At some point in time, The vicar died within a year of the fire.