At some point in time, Harry Sandwith is a sixteen-year-old English boy.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith is sent to live in France with the Marquis de St. Caux.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux is a friend of a French nobleman.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith’s father once served a French nobleman.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux is impressed with the English system of schooling.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux believes that his two sons will benefit from the influence of an independent English boy.
At some point in time, the two sons of the Marquis de St. Caux are named Ernest and Jules.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith is an undistinguished student at Westminster School.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith is eager for the opportunity to live in France.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith believes that living in France will create greater opportunities for him when he joins the British army.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith sets off for Paris in 1790.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith intends to live with the St. Caux family for the next two to three years.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith is escorted to the Marquis de St. Caux’s chateau near Dijon.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith meets the Marquis de St. Caux and his wife.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith meets the two sons of the Marquis de St. Caux.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith meets three daughters of the Marquis de St. Caux.
At some point in time, the daughters of the Marquis de St. Caux are named Marie, Jeanne, and Virginie.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux is impressed by Harry Sandwith’s confidence and self-possession.
At some point in time, the rest of the St. Caux family mocks Harry Sandwith’s strange mannerisms.
At some point in time, the rest of the St. Caux family mocks Harry Sandwith’s rough appearance.
At some point in time, the attitude of the St. Caux family changes after Harry Sandwith kills a rabid dog.
At some point in time, the rabid dog attacks Jeanne and Virginie.
At some point in time, the St. Caux family begins to accept Harry Sandwith as a member of the family.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith and Ernest become close friends.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith and Ernest hunt and adventure together.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith and Ernest manage to kill the Demon Wolf.
At some point in time, the Demon Wolf long terrorized the communities surrounding the chateau.
At some point in time, the French Revolution continues to progress throughout France.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux and his family are loyal to King Louis XVI.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux and his family are troubled by the growing violence in Paris.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux and his family are troubled by the growing unrest in the countryside.
At some point in time, the royal family unsuccessfully attempts to flee Paris.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux decides to move the St. Caux family to Paris.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux decides to move to support King Louis XVI.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux decides to move to avoid the growing unrest of the peasants.
At some point in time, an arrest order is made for all members of noble families in Paris.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux submits to the arrest.
At some point in time, the Marquise de St. Caux submits to the arrest.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux tells his children to escape.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux sends Ernest and Jules out of Paris.
At some point in time, Ernest and Jules are sent to make for England.
At some point in time, the Marquise de St. Caux hides the girls with her former nurse, Louise Moulin.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith is free to return to England.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith chooses to stay in Paris.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith chooses to look after the girls.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith chooses to help the girls flee to England should the need arise.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith attempts to find a way to free the Marquis de St. Caux and the Marquise de St. Caux.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith is too late to free the Marquis de St. Caux and the Marquise de St. Caux.
At some point in time, on the day of the September Massacres, prisoners throughout Paris are brought out for mock trials.
At some point in time, prisoners throughout Paris are systematically executed.
At some point in time, the Marquis de St. Caux is executed.
At some point in time, the Marquise de St. Caux is executed.
At some point in time, Victor de Gisons is Marie’s fiancé.
At some point in time, Victor de Gisons stays in Paris to watch out for Marie.
At some point in time, Victor de Gisons sees his father brought out for trial.
At some point in time, Victor de Gisons flies into a rage.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith succeeds in knocking Victor de Gisons out.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith carries Victor de Gisons away.
At some point in time, a sympathetic Parisian brings Victor de Gisons back to his home.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith informs the girls of their parents’ deaths.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith discovers that Ernest and Jules were both killed on their way to England.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith decides to tell the girls about Ernest and Jules only when they reach England safely.
At some point in time, Marie is caught in the marketplace by Lebat.
At some point in time, Lebat is the son of the mayor of Dijon.
At some point in time, Lebat arrests Marie as a noble in hiding.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith despairs of finding a way to rescue Marie.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith manages to get a letter to Marie.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith thinks it unlikely that he will be able to free Marie from prison.
At some point in time, Marie writes back to Harry Sandwith.
At some point in time, Marie tells Harry Sandwith that Lebat has offered to free her.
At some point in time, Lebat offers to free Marie on the condition that she marries him.
At some point in time, Marie refuses Lebat’s offer.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith rescues a man being beaten in the street.
At some point in time, the man turns out to be Maximilien de Robespierre.
At some point in time, Maximilien de Robespierre is a radical leader of the Revolution.
At some point in time, Maximilien de Robespierre vows to repay Harry Sandwith’s brave service.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith sees this as an opportunity to use Maximilien de Robespierre to free Marie.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith agrees to be Maximilien de Robespierre’s secretary.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith discovers that Marie is soon to be tried and executed.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith discovers that Louise and the girls are under suspicion.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith asks Maximilien de Robespierre to free Marie.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith asks Maximilien de Robespierre to free Marie as repayment of his debt.
At some point in time, Maximilien de Robespierre refuses to free Marie.
At some point in time, Lebat asks Maximilien de Robespierre to free Marie.
At some point in time, Lebat knows that Marie is a friend of the Revolution.
At some point in time, Maximilien de Robespierre consents to free Marie.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith seizes the opportunity to kill Lebat.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith rescues Marie with the letter of release from Maximilien de Robespierre.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith travels to Nantes with Louise and the girls.
At some point in time, Marie stays in Paris with Victor.
At some point in time, Victor is slowly recovering.
At some point in time, upon their arrival in Nantes, Harry Sandwith struggles to find a ship.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith struggles to find a ship that will carry them to England.
At some point in time, Louise is weakened by the long and trying journey.
At some point in time, Louise soon falls ill.
At some point in time, Louise dies.
At some point in time, Jeanne finds passage to England with a fisherman named Adolphe.
At some point in time, Adolphe is the husband of a woman whose child Jeanne helped nurse back to health.
At some point in time, Jeanne and Virginie are arrested.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith narrowly rescues Jeanne and Virginie from being drowned in the river.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith rescues Jeanne and Virginie from being drowned with the other prisoners.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith and Jeanne and Virginie find a trustworthy captain to take them to England.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith and Jeanne and Virginie arrive safely in England.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith is reunited with his family.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith’s family thought him long dead in the violence of the Revolution.
At some point in time, several years later, Harry Sandwith marries Jeanne.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith passes his medical exams.
At some point in time, Harry Sandwith joins his father’s practice.
At some point in time, Virginie marries one of Harry Sandwith’s brothers.
At some point in time, Virginie marries Tom.
At some point in time, the girls and their husbands later travel back to France.
At some point in time, the girls and their husbands travel back to France for a short time.
At some point in time, the girls and their husbands stay with Marie and Victor.
At some point in time, Marie and Victor purchase the chateau that once belonged to the Marquis de St. Caux.
At some point in time, Marie and Victor purchase the chateau after fighting in the French army under Napoleon.