At some point in time, The Life, Adventures, and Pyracies, of the Famous Captain Singleton (1720) covers both land and sea in one volume.
At some point in time, The Life, Adventures, and Pyracies, of the Famous Captain Singleton (1720) is composed of two halves.
At some point in time, the first half of the novel includes a remarkable overland trek across Africa.
At some point in time, the characters are stranded in Madagascar.
At some point in time, the second half of the novel is almost entirely at sea.
At some point in time, the second half of the novel involves piratical heists in the East Indies.
At some point in time, Captain Bob and his close friend William Walters return to England with their spoils.
At some point in time, Captain Bob and William Walters travel to England via Venice.
At some point in time, Captain Bob and William Walters are disguised as Armenians.
At some point in time, at the beginning of the novel, Captain Singleton, as a young boy, is kidnapped by a beggar-woman.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton is sold to a gypsy by the beggar-woman.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton is raised as a ward of a parish.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton is sent to sea at age twelve.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton is captured by Turkish pirates.
At some point in time, sailors from Portugal rescue Captain Singleton.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton stays in Portugal for two years.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton sails for the East Indies after his stay in Portugal.
At some point in time, young Captain Singleton is a rogue.
At some point in time, young Captain Singleton steals from the ship's captain.
At some point in time, young Captain Singleton harbors the desire to kill his master.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton is nearly hanged for his part in an attempted mutiny.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton is set ashore with four companions on the coast of Madagascar.
At some point in time, a score of other sailors from the ship join Captain Singleton and his companions.
At some point in time, the ensuing narrative relates the efforts of Captain Singleton and his companions to survive on the island.
At some point in time, the sailors find an abandoned boat.
At some point in time, the sailors rebuild the abandoned boat.
At some point in time, the sailors decide to pursue a journey through Africa.
At some point in time, the Europeans provide resourceful but brutal encounters with African natives.
At some point in time, during the hazardous trip, Captain Singleton becomes the leader of the group.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton becomes the leader of the group by virtue of his fearlessness.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton is a cold pragmatist.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton's lack of compassion is exceeded only by his talent for survival.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton makes a decision based purely on expediency when they find a wounded native.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton considers letting the native die.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton decides that they might find the wounded native useful to them.
At some point in time, the travelers avoid catastrophe during the arduous march through lands teeming with leopards, elephants, crocodiles, and snakes.
At some point in time, the travelers avoid catastrophe because of their modern weaponry.
At some point in time, the travelers avoid catastrophe because of their European belief in reason rather than in magic.
At some point in time, the marchers meet an English merchant.
At some point in time, the English merchant has been living with the natives.
At some point in time, the English merchant persuades Captain Singleton and his companions to stop awhile in order to dig for gold.
At some point in time, the adventurers load themselves down with gold and elephant tusks.
At some point in time, the adventurers finally reach a Dutch settlement.
At some point in time, the adventurers divide the spoils at the Dutch settlement.
At some point in time, the adventurers immediately go their separate ways after dividing the spoils.
At some point in time, once Captain Singleton has spent his fortune in England, he sets out again.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton sets out again for the West Indies.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton quickly takes to piracy by his boastful admission.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton's abilities bring him high command.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton's piratical activities encourage the growth of a callousness.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton's callousness leads to cruelty at times.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton denies that his men have committed certain atrocities.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton admits that "more was done than it is fit to speak of here."
At some point in time, events pile up rapidly in this portion of the novel.
At some point in time, there are chases and sea battles in which Captain Singleton proves himself an able leader.
At some point in time, there are chases and sea battles in which Captain Singleton proves himself a courageous leader.
At some point in time, there are chases and sea battles in which Captain Singleton proves himself an imaginative leader.
At some point in time, the scene shifts from the Indies to the East African coast.
At some point in time, the scene shifts from the Indies to Madagascar.
At some point in time, the pirates continue to plunder and sail restlessly in search of new conquests.
At some point in time, Defoe draws a portrait of men whose love of gold is less urgent than their need for adventure.
At some point in time, the lust for novelty takes Captain Singleton and his men into the Pacific.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton and his men travel as far as the Philippines.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton and his men trace their way back to the Indian Ocean.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton and his men trace their way back to Ceylon.
At some point in time, Friend William is a Quaker surgeon.
At some point in time, Friend William becomes the center of the narrative.
At some point in time, Friend William outwits a Ceylonese King.
At some point in time, Friend William rescues a Dutch slave.
At some point in time, Friend William succeeds in trade negotiations with English merchants in India.
At some point in time, Friend William serves Captain Singleton loyally and bravely.
At some point in time, Friend William is a kind of man Friday.
At some point in time, Friend William is a Christian humanist.
At some point in time, Friend William is a healer.
At some point in time, Friend William ultimately persuades Captain Singleton that a life of piracy leads nowhere.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton contemplates suicide in the throes of repentance.
At some point in time, Friend William convinces Captain Singleton that the idea of taking one's life is the "Devil's Notion."
At some point in time, the idea of taking one's life must be ignored.
At some point in time, when Captain Singleton and Friend William return to England, they make the decision to stay together for the rest of their lives.
At some point in time, Captain Singleton marries William's sister.
At some point in time, William's sister is a widow.
At some point in time, the story ends rapidly on a note of domestic peace.