At some point in time, Mr. Vane is the protagonist of Lilith.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane owns a library.
At some point in time, the library seems to be haunted by the former librarian.
At some point in time, the former librarian looks much like a raven.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane catches brief glimpses of the wraith.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane finally encounters the supposed ghost.
At some point in time, the supposed ghost is the mysterious Mr. Raven.
At some point in time, Mr. Raven had known Mr. Vane's father.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane's father had visited a strange parallel universe.
At some point in time, Mr. Raven comes and goes from the strange parallel universe.
At some point in time, Mr. Raven now resides in the strange parallel universe.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane follows Mr. Raven into the world through a mirror.
At some point in time, the world is described as "the region of the seven dimensions."
At some point in time, the term "the region of the seven dimensions" is taken from Jacob Boehme.
At some point in time, inside the world, Mr. Vane learns of a house of beds.
At some point in time, the dreamers sleep in the house of beds until the end of the world in death.
At some point in time, a good death is in which life is found.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane's grandfather refused to sleep in the house of beds.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane's grandfather is forced to do battle with skeletons in a haunted wood.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane undergoes a treacherous journey through a valley.
At some point in time, the moon is the only thing to keep Mr. Vane safe in the valley.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane meets the Little Ones.
At some point in time, the Little Ones are children who never grow up.
At some point in time, the Little Ones remain pure children or become selfish.
At some point in time, the selfish Little Ones get bigger and dumber.
At some point in time, the selfish Little Ones turn into "bags" or bad giants.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane converses with Lona.
At some point in time, Lona is the eldest of the children.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane decides to help the Little Ones.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane sets off to gather more information.
At some point in time, the Raven is also Adam.
At some point in time, the Raven warns Mr. Vane that he needs to sleep along with the dreamers.
Mr. Vane cannot really help the Little Ones until he sleeps.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane meets Lilith.
At some point in time, Lilith is Adam's first wife.
At some point in time, Lilith is the princess of Bulika.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane is nearly blinded by Lilith's beauty and charms.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane eventually leads the Little Ones in a battle against Bulika.
At some point in time, Lona turns out to be Lilith's daughter.
At some point in time, Lona is killed by her own mother.
At some point in time, Lilith is captured and brought to Adam and Eve.
At some point in time, Adam and Eve are at the house of death.
At some point in time, Adam and Eve struggle to make Lilith open her hand.
At some point in time, Lilith's hand is fused shut.
At some point in time, Lilith holds the water the Little Ones need to grow in her hand.
At some point in time, Lilith can only join the sleepers in blissful dreams after she gives up the water.
At some point in time, Lilith can only join the sleepers in blissful dreams if she is free of sin.
At some point in time, Lilith bids Adam cut her hand from her body.
At some point in time, Adam cuts Lilith's hand from her body.
At some point in time, Lilith sleeps after her hand is cut off.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane is sent to bury Lilith's hand.
At some point in time, water flows from the hole where Lilith's hand was buried.
At some point in time, the water washes the land over.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane is allowed to join the Little Ones.
At some point in time, the Little Ones are already asleep.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane joins the Little Ones in their dreaming.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane takes his bed next to Lona's bed.
At some point in time, Mr. Vane finds true life in death.