At some point in time, Marcus Yallow is a 17-year-old hacker and techno whiz from San Francisco.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow attends a high school named after Cesar Chavez.
At some point in time, vice principal Frederick Benson accuses Marcus Yallow of hacking into the school.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and vice principal Frederick Benson do not get along.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow believes that vice principal Frederick Benson is perpetually trying to get rid of him.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow is let go due to a lack of evidence.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow returns to class after being let go.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and his best friend Darryl escape school to play a massive augmented reality role game.
At some point in time, the massive augmented reality role game partially involves a scavenger hunt around town.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and Darryl meet up with fellow group members and game players Vanessa and Jolu.
At some point in time, a series of explosions go off in the city while Marcus Yallow and his friends are searching for a part for the game.
At some point in time, the explosions set off sirens and alarms.
At some point in time, the sirens and alarms send everybody running for the shelters.
At some point in time, the group initially tries to go to the shelter.
At some point in time, the group decides to leave the shelter.
At some point in time, Darryl is stabbed in the crowd while leaving.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and his friends escape the crowd.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and his friends flag down a vehicle.
At some point in time, Darryl needs immediate medical attention.
At some point in time, three men get out of the vehicle.
At some point in time, the three men put bags over each group member's head.
At some point in time, the three men shove Marcus Yallow and his friends into the vehicle.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and his friends arrive at an unknown location.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and his friends are put into a trailer.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and his friends are separated in the trailer.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and his friends are amongst many other people in the trailer.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow and his friends find out that they are being held by the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).
At some point in time, the DHS is holding Marcus Yallow and his friends to interrogate them for suspicions of being connected to the terrorist attack.
At some point in time, a series of interrogations take place over a period of six days.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow, Jolu, and Vanessa are finally released after the interrogations.
At some point in time, Darryl's whereabouts are unknown after the interrogations.
At some point in time, the DHS tells Marcus Yallow that they will be monitoring his actions and moves.
At some point in time, the DHS is monitoring Marcus Yallow because he is still a suspect.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow is infuriated at how his civil rights are ignored.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow revolts by setting up technological attacks on the DHS.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow's goal is to thwart further efforts to restrict personal liberty.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow sets up a network primarily composed of teenage members.
At some point in time, the network uses a game console so the teenage members can communicate freely.
At some point in time, the teenage members are fighting the surveillance state.
At some point in time, the actions of Marcus Yallow and the teenage members cause a war between the rebelling youth and the Department of Homeland Security.
At some point in time, a former prisoner tells Marcus Yallow that Darryl is still alive.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow tells a reporter about his actions taken against the DHS.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow tells his family about his actions taken against the DHS.
At some point in time, the report from the reporter is published.
At some point in time, the DHS takes Marcus Yallow into custody again.
At some point in time, during a waterboarding interrogation, highway patrol troopers raid the DHS compound.
At some point in time, the highway patrol troopers raid the DHS compound because of an order from the governor.
At some point in time, the highway patrol troopers arrest the DHS agents.
At some point in time, Darryl is subsequently freed.
At some point in time, Marcus Yallow returns to his life the way it was before the terrorist attacks.