At some point in time, the novel begins with the Madden sisters and their childhood friend in Clevedon.
At some point in time, Alice Madden and Virginia Madden are adults who move to London.
At some point in time, Alice Madden and Virginia Madden renew their friendship with Rhoda.
Rhoda is an unmarried bluestocking.
At some point in time, Rhoda is living with Mary Barfoot.
Mary Barfoot is also unmarried.
At some point in time, Alice Madden and Virginia Madden run an establishment teaching secretarial skills to young middle-class women.
At some point in time, the young middle-class women are remaindered in the marriage equation.
At some point in time, Monica Madden is the youngest sister.
At some point in time, Monica Madden is the prettiest sister.
At some point in time, Monica Madden is living above a shop in London.
Edmund Widdowson is a middle-aged bachelor.
At some point in time, Edmund Widdowson stalks Monica Madden.
At some point in time, Edmund Widdowson brow-beats Monica Madden into marriage.
At some point in time, Edmund Widdowson's ardent love turns into jealous obsession.
At some point in time, Edmund Widdowson's jealous obsession suffocates Monica Madden's life.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot is Mary Barfoot's rakish cousin.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot decides to court Rhoda.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot initially courts Rhoda as a challenge to her avowed dislike of love and marriage.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot later falls in love with Rhoda.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot finds Rhoda's intellectual independence preferable to the average uneducated woman's inanity.
Rhoda is virulently anti-marriage.
At some point in time, Rhoda decides to indulge Everard Barfoot.
At some point in time, Rhoda intends to turn down any marriage proposal to show her solidarity with her "odd women."
At some point in time, Rhoda falls for Everard Barfoot.
At some point in time, married Monica Madden meets Bevis.
Bevis is a young, middle-class man.
At some point in time, Bevis pursues Monica Madden.
At some point in time, Bevis represents the romantic ideal from popular novels for Monica Madden.
At some point in time, Bevis lives in the same building as Everard Barfoot.
At some point in time, Monica Madden is determined to elope with Bevis.
At some point in time, Monica Madden goes to Bevis's building.
At some point in time, Monica Madden's husband has hired a detective to follow her.
At some point in time, Monica Madden hears someone follow her up the stairs.
At some point in time, Monica Madden knocks on Barfoot's door to appear innocent.
At some point in time, Monica Madden's action is reported back to Edmund Widdowson.
At some point in time, Edmund Widdowson feels his suspicion has been justified.
At some point in time, Edmund Widdowson informs Mary Barfoot of Everard Barfoot's blackguardly ways.
At some point in time, Rhoda is on holiday in Northumberland.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot goes to see Rhoda in Northumberland.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot woos Rhoda.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot suggests to Rhoda that they enter a free union.
At some point in time, entering a free union would appear to be consistent with Rhoda's principles.
At some point in time, Rhoda gives Everard Barfoot a conventional "womanly" response.
At some point in time, Rhoda agrees to be with Everard Barfoot only in a legal union.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot proposes marriage to Rhoda.
At some point in time, Rhoda accepts Everard Barfoot's marriage proposal.
At some point in time, Rhoda receives a letter from Mary Barfoot.
At some point in time, the letter from Mary Barfoot tells of Everard Barfoot's supposed affair with Monica Madden.
At some point in time, Rhoda breaks off her engagement to Everard Barfoot.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot refuses to give an explanation.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot insists he is innocent.
At some point in time, Edmund Widdowson confronts Monica Madden over her infidelity.
At some point in time, Monica Madden leaves Edmund Widdowson.
At some point in time, Monica Madden lives at Edmund Widdowson's expense.
At some point in time, Monica Madden moves to Edmund Widdowson's rented house in Clevedon with her sisters.
At some point in time, Virginia Madden has become an alcoholic.
At some point in time, Virginia Madden's way of dealing with being an 'odd woman' is through alcoholism.
At some point in time, Monica Madden is pregnant by her husband.
At some point in time, Monica Madden's pride will not let her reunite with her husband.
At some point in time, Monica Madden visits Rhoda to salve her conscience.
At some point in time, Monica Madden shows Rhoda a love letter from Bevis.
At some point in time, Monica Madden exonerates Everard Barfoot over the alleged affair.
At some point in time, months after they last saw each other, Everard Barfoot visits Rhoda.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot asks Rhoda if she still believes him to be guilty.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot repeats his offer of marriage to Rhoda.
At some point in time, Rhoda assures Everard Barfoot that she believes him innocent.
At some point in time, Rhoda refuses Everard Barfoot's proposal.
At some point in time, Rhoda intimates that Everard Barfoot was "not quite serious" in his professions of love.
At some point in time, Rhoda believes Everard Barfoot was partially testing her principles.
At some point in time, it is too late for Rhoda and Everard Barfoot to reunite.
At some point in time, Everard Barfoot soon gets married to a conventionally educated young woman.
At some point in time, Monica Madden gives birth to a girl.
At some point in time, Monica Madden dies soon after giving birth.
At some point in time, the novel ends with Rhoda holding the baby.
At some point in time, Rhoda is crying and murmuring, "Poor little child!"