At some point in time, Georgie Burgess is seven and a half years old.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess lives in Tampa, Florida.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess's mother and her boyfriend abuse Georgie Burgess savagely.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess keeps the beatings a secret.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess gets in trouble at school.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess hasn't learned to read.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess loves looking at a book with pictures of flowers.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess's life changes after he wins a rosebush at a supermarket contest.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess's mother's boyfriend beats Georgie Burgess severely.
At some point in time, police remove Georgie Burgess from his dangerous home.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess's unplanted rosebush comes with him.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess is placed temporarily with Mrs. Sims.
At some point in time, Mrs. Sims is a cashier from the supermarket.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess is increasingly worried about finding a home for his rosebush.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess is placed in a Catholic boys' boarding school.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess is convinced that his rosebush belongs in the garden of the neighbors across the road.
At some point in time, Principal Sister Mary Angela tries to convince Georgie Burgess to plant the rosebush elsewhere.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess sneaks out at night to plant his rosebush in the neighbor's garden.
At some point in time, Molly Harper is the infuriated neighbor.
At some point in time, Molly Harper rips the bush out of her garden.
At some point in time, Molly Harper returns the bush to the school.
At some point in time, Molly Harper demands to see the principal.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess returns to the garden with the bush.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess discovers that he has accidentally crushed the lilies planted for Molly Harper by her husband.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper confronts Georgie Burgess.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper threatens to burn Georgie Burgess's rosebush if he plants it again.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper softens upon glimpsing the infected wounds on Georgie Burgess's back.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess becomes ill during the confrontation.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess lapses into unconsciousness.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper arranges to have the rosebush replanted in her garden.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper visits Georgie Burgess often.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess is unable to forgive Mrs. Harper.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess refuses to see Mrs. Harper.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess forms a friendship with Timothy.
At some point in time, Sister Mary Angela calls Timothy her "public relations" boy.
At some point in time, Timothy explains that Mrs. Harper's husband was recently killed in a car accident.
At some point in time, Timothy explains that Mrs. Harper's elder son, Paul, was recently killed in a car accident.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper's grief makes it difficult for her to be around boys the age of her dead son.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess becomes friends with Mrs. Harper's younger son, Robin.
At some point in time, Robin has severe cognitive impairments.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess's grandfather is Mr. Collier.
At some point in time, Mr. Collier helps Georgie Burgess learn to read.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess tries to teach Robin to speak.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess tries to teach Robin to feed the ducks.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess becomes closer to the Harper family.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess plays with Robin.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess joins the gardener as his apprentice.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess is still unable to forgive Mrs. Harper for threatening his rosebush.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess takes Robin to the pond to feed the ducks.
At some point in time, all the ducks follow Robin.
At some point in time, Robin is holding bread.
At some point in time, Robin falls into the pond.
At some point in time, Robin drowns.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess decides to plant his rosebush on Robin's grave.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess does not plant his rosebush in the garden.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper and Georgie Burgess start to connect over his decision.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper and Georgie Burgess head back toward the school.
At some point in time, Sister Mary Angela holds auditions for the choir.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess is proud to find he is a good singer with perfect pitch.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper brings Robin to the chapel to hear the choir.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess begins to feel sympathy for Mrs. Harper.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess cannot bring himself to join the new dramatics class.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess learns that Mrs. Harper will be teaching the new dramatics class.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess watches every class from the audience seats.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess learns each role by heart from a distance.
At some point in time, another boy backs out of the dramatics class.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess steps in to play the Mad Hatter.
At some point in time, Mrs. Harper plays the part of Alice in the tea party scene from Alice in Wonderland.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess speaks to Mrs. Harper in character.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess finds he is able to speak to Mrs. Harper face to face.
At some point in time, Georgie Burgess resolves to ask Mrs. Harper if she is his real mother the next day.