At some point in time, Skylark Three (1948) is the second book in the Skylark series.
At some point in time, Skylark Three is set a year after the events of The Skylark of Space.
At some point in time, the antagonist Marc "Blackie" DuQuesne has used the wealth obtained in the previous book to buy a controlling interest in the World Steel Corporation.
At some point in time, the World Steel Corporation is a large company known for its ruthless attitude.
At some point in time, DuQuesne announces a long absence from Earth.
At some point in time, DuQuesne intends to find another species more knowledgeable than the Osnomians.
At some point in time, Richard Seaton is the protagonist.
At some point in time, DuQuesne and a henchman disappear from Earth shortly after the announcement.
At some point in time, DuQuesne is aware of the Object Compass trained on him.
At some point in time, DuQuesne travels far enough to break the connection with the Object Compass.
At some point in time, DuQuesne turns toward the Green System.
At some point in time, the Green System is part of which Osnome is a part.
At some point in time, Seaton discovers DuQuesne's direction.
At some point in time, Seaton is distracted by attempts to master a zone of force.
At some point in time, the zone of force is essentially a spherical, immaterial shield.
At some point in time, Seaton is dissatisfied with the present form of the zone of force for its opacity and impenetrability even by the user.
At some point in time, Seaton is requested by his allies Dunark and Sitar to repel invasion by the natives of planet Urvan.
At some point in time, Dunark and Sitar are the crown prince and prince's consort of Osnome.
At some point in time, Seaton and his millionaire sponsor Martin Crane embark in the spaceship Skylark II.
At some point in time, Seaton and Crane are accompanied by their wives and Crane's valet Shiro.
At some point in time, Seaton and his group intend to obtain the necessary minerals.
At some point in time, near the Green System, Seaton and his group are attacked by the natives of the planet Fenachrone.
At some point in time, the weaponry of the Fenachrone surpasses any known to Seaton or the Osnomians.
At some point in time, Seaton uses the zone of force to conceal himself at first.
At some point in time, Seaton then uses the zone of force to destroy the Fenachrone battleship.
At some point in time, Seaton captures a leading crew-member of the Fenachrone.
At some point in time, the leading crew-member reveals that the Fenachrone intend conquest of the entire Milky Way Galaxy.
At some point in time, the Fenachrone eventually intend conquest of the Universe.
At some point in time, a message is already in progress toward the Fenachrone capital to summon aid.
At some point in time, Dunark and Sitar survive the destruction of their spaceship.
At some point in time, the Skylark II tows the remnants of both vehicles to Osnome.
At some point in time, Seaton forces a peace treaty between Osnome and Urvan.
At some point in time, DuQuesne and his aide have also interrogated a Fenachrone.
At some point in time, DuQuesne and his aide plan to capture an entire Fenachrone battleship for personal use.
At some point in time, Seaton, Crane, and their wives hope to master the zone of force.
At some point in time, Seaton, Crane, and their wives travel from planet to planet of the Green System.
At some point in time, Seaton, Crane, and their wives search for those already skilled in the use of the zone of force.
At some point in time, Seaton and his group initially encounter the Dasorians.
At some point in time, the Dasorians are an amphibious species of humanoid.
At some point in time, the Dasorians direct Seaton and his group to the Norlaminians.
At some point in time, the Norlaminians possess full control of both matter and energy.
At some point in time, a much larger successor ship, the Skylark Three, is built and equipped on planet Norlamin.
At some point in time, Seaton at first explores the Fenachrone's world.
At some point in time, Seaton orders the Fenachrone to abandon their conquest.
At some point in time, the Fenachrone refuse to abandon their conquest.
At some point in time, Seaton destroys the Fenachrone's reconnaissance spaceships.
At some point in time, Seaton destroys the Fenachrone's home planet.
At some point in time, Seaton kills all the Fenachrone except a colony led by one of their leading scientists.
At some point in time, DuQuesne survives equipped with a Fenachrone spaceship.
At some point in time, DuQuesne leads Seaton and the Fenachrone to presume his death.
At some point in time, Seaton increases his technology further.
At some point in time, Seaton pursues and destroys the Fenachrone colony.
At some point in time, Seaton does not discover DuQuesne.