At some point in time, this text is a book in two parts.
At some point in time, the first part is titled "The Enigma of Innocent Smith."
At some point in time, the second part is titled "The Explanations of Innocent Smith."
At some point in time, the first part concerns the arrival of a new tenant at Beacon House.
At some point in time, Beacon House is a London boarding establishment.
At some point in time, the new tenant is tentatively identified by lodger Arthur Inglewood as an ex-schoolmate named Innocent Smith.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith is accompanied by a great wind.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith breathes new life into the household with his games and antics.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith creates the High Court of Beacon during his first day in residence.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith arranges to elope with Mary Gray.
At some point in time, Mary Gray is the paid companion to heiress Rosamund Hunt.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith inspires Arthur Inglewood to declare his love for Diana Duke.
At some point in time, Diana Duke is the landlady's niece.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith prompts a reconciliation between journalist Michael Moon and Rosamund Hunt.
At some point in time, two doctors appear with awful news when the household is at its happiest.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith is wanted on charges of burglary.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith is wanted on charges of desertion of a spouse.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith is wanted on charges of polygamy.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith is wanted on charges of attempted murder.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith fires several shots from a revolver at Arthur Inglewood's friend Dr. Herbert Warner.
At some point in time, the act of firing shots seems to confirm the worst about Innocent Smith.
At some point in time, Michael Moon declares that the case falls under the purview of the High Court of Beacon.
At some point in time, Michael Moon suggests that the household investigate the matter before involving the authorities.
At some point in time, Michael Moon suggests that the household investigate the matter before involving the press.
At some point in time, the prosecution in the trial consists of Moses Gould.
At some point in time, Moses Gould is a merrily cynical Jew who lives at Beacon House.
At some point in time, Moses Gould considers Innocent Smith at best a fool.
At some point in time, Moses Gould considers Innocent Smith at worst a scoundrel.
At some point in time, the prosecution in the trial also consists of Dr. Cyrus Pym.
At some point in time, Dr. Cyrus Pym is an American criminal specialist.
At some point in time, Dr. Cyrus Pym is called in by Dr. Herbert Warner.
At some point in time, Michael Moon acts for the defence in the trial.
At some point in time, Arthur Inglewood acts for the defence in the trial.
At some point in time, the evidence consists of correspondence from people who witnessed the exploits that led to the charges against Innocent Smith.
In every case, Innocent Smith is revealed to be innocent.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith fires bullets near people to make them value life.
At some point in time, the house Innocent Smith breaks into is his own.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith travels around the world only to return with renewed appreciation for his house and family.
At some point in time, the women Innocent Smith absconded with are actually his wife Mary.
At some point in time, Mary poses as a spinster under different aliases.
At some point in time, Mary and Innocent Smith may repeatedly re-enact their courtship.
At some point in time, Innocent Smith is acquitted on all charges.