At some point in time, Sir Thomas Waldron, the squire of Perlycross, is suffering from a terminal disease.
At some point in time, the news of Sir Thomas Waldron's terminal disease is kept from Sir Thomas Waldron and his family for as long as possible.
At some point in time, Sir Thomas Waldron's death comes as a great shock.
At some point in time, Sir Thomas Waldron is aware that Dr. Jemmy Fox has fallen in love with Sir Thomas Waldron's daughter Inez.
At some point in time, Sir Thomas Waldron expresses his approval of the match between Dr. Jemmy Fox and Inez to his friend Rev. Philip Penniloe.
At some point in time, the grave of Sir Thomas Waldron is found to have been rifled on the very night of Sir Thomas Waldron's funeral.
At some point in time, the body of Sir Thomas Waldron is stolen.
At some point in time, the only man with a clue to the mystery is a blacksmith.
At some point in time, the blacksmith has been called up late at night by a mysterious party with a cart.
At some point in time, the blacksmith declares that he saw Dr. Jemmy Fox with the cart.
At some point in time, the declaration of the blacksmith makes people suspect that Dr. Jemmy Fox performed the sacrilege for medical purposes.
At some point in time, Dr. Jemmy Fox finds himself pointed at and shunned by nearly everybody in the parish of Perlycross.
Lady Waldron never liked Dr. Jemmy Fox.
At some point in time, Lady Waldron eagerly adopts the story that Dr. Jemmy Fox performed the sacrilege.
At some point in time, Dr. Jemmy Fox has an alibi.
At the time of the occurrence, Dr. Jemmy Fox had been summoned to a distant place where Dr. Jemmy Fox's father was ill.
At some point in time, Rev. Philip Penniloe and others remain staunch to Dr. Jemmy Fox.
At some point in time, one or two of the villagers take the side of Dr. Jemmy Fox.
At some point in time, Dr. Jemmy Fox tries to see Lady Waldron.
At some point in time, Lady Waldron refuses Dr. Jemmy Fox admittance.
At some point in time, Dr. Jemmy Fox meets Inez.
At some point in time, Inez does not believe the calumny against Dr. Jemmy Fox.
At some point in time, Inez reciprocates the affections of Dr. Jemmy Fox.
At some point in time, time passes, and there is no clue found to the mystery.
At some point in time, everybody is worried over the mystery.
At some point in time, Lady Waldron is worried over the mystery.
At some point in time, Inez is worried over the mystery.
At some point in time, Dr. Jemmy Fox is worried over the mystery.
At some point in time, Mr. Penniloe is worried over the mystery.
At some point in time, the mystery is only resolved on the return of Sir Thomas Waldron's son from abroad.
At some point in time, Sir Thomas Waldron's son proves to be the means of finding the solution to the mystery.