At some point in time, Léonce Pontellier is a New Orleans businessman of Louisiana Creole heritage.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier is Léonce Pontellier's wife.
At some point in time, Etienne Pontellier is one of Léonce and Edna Pontellier's two sons.
At some point in time, Raoul Pontellier is one of Léonce and Edna Pontellier's two sons.
At some point in time, The Pontellier family vacations on Grand Isle at a resort on the Gulf of Mexico.
At some point in time, Madame Lebrun manages the resort on Grand Isle.
At some point in time, Madame Lebrun has two sons named Robert and Victor.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier spends most of her time with her close friend Adèle Ratignolle.
At some point in time, Adèle Ratignolle reminds Edna Pontellier of her duties as a wife and mother.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier forms a connection with Robert Lebrun at Grand Isle.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun actively seeks Edna Pontellier's attention and affections.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier and Robert Lebrun fall in love.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun senses the doomed nature of his relationship with Edna Pontellier.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun flees to Mexico under the guise of pursuing a nameless business venture.
At some point in time, The narrative focuses on Edna Pontellier's shifting emotions.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier reconciles her maternal duties with her desire for social freedom.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier desires to be with Robert Lebrun.
At some point in time, The Pontellier family returns to New Orleans when summer vacation ends.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier gradually reassesses her priorities.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier takes a more active role in her own happiness.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier isolates herself from New Orleans society.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier withdraws from some of the duties traditionally associated with motherhood.
At some point in time, Léonce Pontellier talks to a doctor about diagnosing Edna Pontellier.
At some point in time, Léonce Pontellier fears that Edna Pontellier is losing her mental faculties.
At some point in time, The doctor advises Léonce Pontellier to let Edna Pontellier be.
At some point in time, The doctor assures Léonce Pontellier that things will return to normal.
At some point in time, Léonce Pontellier prepares to travel to New York City on business.
At some point in time, Léonce Pontellier sends Etienne Pontellier and Raoul Pontellier to his mother.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier is left home alone for an extended period.
At some point in time, Being home alone gives Edna Pontellier physical and emotional room to breathe.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier reflects on various aspects of her life while her husband is away.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier moves out of her home and into a small bungalow nearby.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier begins a dalliance with Alcée Arobin.
At some point in time, Alcée Arobin is a persistent suitor with a reputation for being free with his affections.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier is shown as a sexual being for the first time in the novel.
At some point in time, The affair between Edna Pontellier and Alcée Arobin proves awkward and emotionally fraught.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier reaches out to Mademoiselle Reisz.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz is a gifted recitalist whose playing is renowned.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz maintains a generally hermetic existence.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz's playing moved Edna Pontellier profoundly earlier in the novel.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz's playing represents what Edna Pontellier was starting to long for: independence.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz focuses her life on music and herself.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz does not focus her life on society's expectations.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz acts as a foil to Adèle Ratignolle.
At some point in time, Adèle Ratignolle encourages Edna Pontellier to conform.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz is in contact with Robert Lebrun while he is in Mexico.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz receives letters from Robert Lebrun regularly.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier begs Mademoiselle Reisz to reveal the contents of Robert Lebrun's letters.
At some point in time, Mademoiselle Reisz reveals the contents of Robert Lebrun's letters to Edna Pontellier.
At some point in time, The letters prove to Edna Pontellier that Robert Lebrun is thinking about her.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun eventually returns to New Orleans.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun is initially aloof.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun finds excuses not to be near Edna Pontellier.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun eventually confesses his passionate love for Edna Pontellier.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun admits that the business trip to Mexico was an excuse.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun's business trip to Mexico was an excuse to escape a relationship that would never work.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier is called away to help Adèle Ratignolle with a difficult childbirth.
At some point in time, Adèle Ratignolle pleads with Edna Pontellier to think of what she would be turning her back on.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier returns home after helping Adèle Ratignolle.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier finds a note from Robert Lebrun stating that he has left forever.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun loves Edna Pontellier too much to shame her.
At some point in time, Robert Lebrun believes that engaging in a relationship with a married woman would shame Edna Pontellier.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier is in devastated shock after reading Robert Lebrun's note.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier rushes back to Grand Isle.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier had first met Robert Lebrun at Grand Isle.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier escapes by committing suicide.
At some point in time, Edna Pontellier drowns herself in the waters of the Gulf of Mexico.