At some point in time, Lincoln opened his speech by indicating that Lincoln would not touch on "those matters of administration about which there is no special anxiety or excitement." The remainder of Lincoln's speech would address the concerns of Southerners.
At some point in time, Southerners were apprehensive that "by the accession of a Republican Administration their property and their peace and personal security are to be endangered." Lincoln emphatically denied the assertion that the Republican Administration would endanger the property, peace, and personal security of Southerners.
At some point in time, Lincoln invited his listeners to consider Lincoln's past speeches on the subject of slavery.
At some point in time, the Republican Party adopted a platform that explicitly guaranteed the right of each individual state to decide for itself on the subject of slavery.
At some point in time, the Republican Party's platform also guaranteed the right of each state to be free from coercion of any kind from other states or the Federal government.
At some point in time, Lincoln stated emphatically that Lincoln had no purpose, directly or indirectly, to interfere with the institution of slavery in the states where slavery exists.
At some point in time, Lincoln believed that Lincoln had no lawful right to interfere with slavery in the states where slavery exists.
At some point in time, Lincoln had no inclination to interfere with slavery in the states where slavery exists.
At some point in time, Lincoln asserted that Lincoln had just taken an oath "to preserve, protect, and defend the United States Constitution." Lincoln's oath enjoined Lincoln to see that the laws of the Union were faithfully executed in all states, including those states that had seceded.
At some point in time, Lincoln promised that there would be no use of force against the South unless it proved necessary for Lincoln to fulfill Lincoln's obligation to "hold, occupy, and possess the property and places" belonging to the federal government.
At some point in time, Lincoln's obligation also included collecting legal duties and imposts.
At some point in time, if the South chose to actively take up arms against the Government, the South's insurrection would meet a firm and forceful response.
At some point in time, Lincoln stated that the Constitution was established "to form a more perfect union" than the Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union had effected.
At some point in time, the Union established under the Articles of Confederation was explicitly perpetual in name and text.
At some point in time, the Union under the Constitution was equally perpetual.
At some point in time, Lincoln added that even if the Constitution were to be construed as a simple contract, the Constitution could not be legally rescinded without an agreement between all parties, meaning all of the states, North and South.
At some point in time, Lincoln explicitly stated that Lincoln had no objection to the proposed Corwin Amendment to the Constitution.
At some point in time, the Corwin Amendment had already been approved by both houses of the United States Congress.
At some point in time, the Corwin Amendment would have formally protected slavery in those states in which slavery already existed.
At some point in time, the Corwin Amendment assured each state the right to establish or repudiate slavery.
At some point in time, Lincoln indicated that Lincoln thought that the right to establish or repudiate slavery was already protected in the original Constitution.
At some point in time, Lincoln believed that the Corwin Amendment merely reiterated what the original Constitution already contained.
At some point in time, Lincoln asserted that nothing in the Constitution expressly said what either could or could not be done regarding slavery in the territories.
At some point in time, Lincoln indicated Lincoln's willingness to enforce the Fugitive Slave Act.
At some point in time, Lincoln's willingness to enforce the Fugitive Slave Act was contingent on free blacks being protected from being kidnapped and illegally sold into slavery through its misuse.
At some point in time, the U.S. Mails would continue to operate throughout the South unless the U.S. Mails were repelled.
At some point in time, Lincoln promised that Lincoln would not use the spoils system to appoint Northern office-holders to federal offices located in the Southern states.
At some point in time, Lincoln would not use the spoils system to appoint Northern office-holders to postmasterships located in the Southern states.
At some point in time, Lincoln said Lincoln would forego the use of such offices rather than force "obnoxious strangers" upon the South.
At some point in time, Lincoln concluded Lincoln's speech with a plea for calm and cool deliberation in the face of mounting tension throughout the nation.
At some point in time, Lincoln assured the rebellious states that the Federal government would never initiate any conflict with the rebellious states.
At some point in time, Lincoln indicated Lincoln's conviction that once "touched" by "the better angels of our nature," the "mystic chords of memory" North and South would "yet swell the chorus of the Union."