At some point in time, England is invaded by several armies.
At some point in time, England is beneath the heels of nine invaders.
At some point in time, there is barely standing-room in England during the invasion.
At some point in time, The Swoop! features references to many well-known figures.
At some point in time, Herbert Gladstone is a politician.
At some point in time, Edgar Wallace is a novelist.
At some point in time, Seymour Hicks is an actor-manager.
At some point in time, George Edwardes is an actor-manager.
At some point in time, Bob Fitzsimmons is a boxer.
At some point in time, the invaders include the Russians under Grand Duke Vodkakoff.
At some point in time, the invaders include the Germans under Prince Otto of Saxe-Pfennig.
At some point in time, Edward VII is the reigning British monarch of the day.
At some point in time, the invaders include the Swiss Navy.
At some point in time, the invaders include the Monegasques.
At some point in time, the invaders include a band of Moroccan brigands under Raisuli.
At some point in time, the invaders include the Young Turks.
At some point in time, the invaders include the Mad Mullah from Somalialand.
At some point in time, the invaders include the Chinese under Prince Ping Pong Pang.
At some point in time, the invaders include the Bollygollans in war canoes.
At some point in time, the initial reaction to the invasion is muted.
At some point in time, the press seizes upon the topic of the invasion.
At some point in time, the English are far more interested in cricket than the invasion.
At some point in time, one newspaper placard announces "Surrey Doing Badly" at cricket.
At some point in time, one newspaper placard announces "German Army Lands in England."
At some point in time, the Germans begin shelling London.
At some point in time, it is August when the Germans begin shelling London.
At some point in time, there is nobody in London during the shelling.
At some point in time, nearly all of London's statues are destroyed.
At some point in time, the Albert Hall is reduced to a heap of picturesque ruins.
At some point in time, the Royal Academy is burned.
At some point in time, Prince Otto receives a hearty vote of thanks from the grateful populace.
At some point in time, the European parties form an alliance.
At some point in time, the European parties expel the other invaders.
At some point in time, the Swiss soon leave to be home in time for the winter hotel season.
At some point in time, Prince Otto is offered music hall engagements.
At some point in time, Grand Duke Vodkakoff is offered music hall engagements.
At some point in time, the leader of the army of Monaco is not offered music hall engagements.
At some point in time, the leader of the army of Monaco takes offence.
At some point in time, the leader of the army of Monaco withdraws his troops.
At some point in time, the two remaining armies are overcome.
At some point in time, Clarence Chugwater is the leader of the Boy Scouts.
At some point in time, Clarence Chugwater causes each commander to become jealous of the other's music hall fees.
At some point in time, Clarence Chugwater succeeds in breaking up the alliance.
At some point in time, Clarence Chugwater and his Boy Scouts are able to overcome the invaders.
At some point in time, the United States is invaded by armies from Germany.
At some point in time, the German army is led by Prince Otto of Saxe-Pfennig.
At some point in time, the United States is invaded by armies from Japan.
At some point in time, the Japanese army is led by General Owoki.
At some point in time, Clarence Chugwater saves the day in The Military Invasion of America.