At some point in time, Copyright protection extends to original works of authorship fixed in any tangible medium of expression.
At some point in time, Copyright protection applies to original works of authorship that can be perceived, reproduced, or otherwise communicated.
At some point in time, Copyright protection applies to original works of authorship that can be perceived directly.
At some point in time, Copyright protection applies to original works of authorship that can be perceived with the aid of a machine or device.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as literary works.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as musical works, including any accompanying words.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as dramatic works, including any accompanying music.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as pantomimes and choreographic works.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as pictorial works.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as graphic works.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as sculptural works.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as motion pictures and other audiovisual works.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as sound recordings.
At some point in time, The Act defines "works of authorship" as architectural works.
At some point in time, The category of architectural works was added in 1990.
At some point in time, The wording of section 102 effectuated a major change in the mode of United States copyright protection.
At some point in time, The last major statutory revision to U.S. copyright law was the Copyright Act of 1909.
Under the Copyright Act of 1909, federal statutory copyright protection attached to original works only when those works were published.
Under the Copyright Act of 1909, federal statutory copyright protection attached to original works only when those works had a notice of copyright affixed.
At some point in time, State copyright law governed protection for unpublished works before the adoption of the 1976 Act.
At some point in time, Published works were governed exclusively by federal law under the Copyright Act of 1909.
At some point in time, If no notice of copyright was affixed to a work, and the work was published in a legal sense, the 1909 Act provided no copyright protection.
At some point in time, If no notice of copyright was affixed to a work, that work became part of the public domain under the 1909 Act.
At some point in time, Under the 1976 Act, section 102 states that copyright protection extends to original works that are fixed in a tangible medium of expression.
At some point in time, The 1976 Act broadened the scope of federal statutory copyright protection from published works to works that are fixed.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) excludes several categories from copyright protection.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any idea.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any procedure.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any process.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any system.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any method of operation.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any concept.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any principle.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) requires that copyright protection for an original work of authorship does not extend to any discovery.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) applies regardless of the form in which an idea, procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept, principle, or discovery is described.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) applies regardless of the form in which an idea, procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept, principle, or discovery is explained.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) applies regardless of the form in which an idea, procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept, principle, or discovery is illustrated.
At some point in time, Section 102(b) applies regardless of the form in which an idea, procedure, process, system, method of operation, concept, principle, or discovery is embodied in such work.