At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers comes to New York in search of an heiress.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers no longer has enough money to keep up his estate.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers' estate is Stornham Court.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers marries Rosalie Vanderpoel.
At some point in time, Rosalie Vanderpoel is the daughter of an American millionaire.
At some point in time, Nigel Anstruthers and his mother control Rosalie Vanderpoel.
At some point in time, Nigel Anstruthers and his mother isolate Rosalie Vanderpoel from her family.
At some point in time, many years later, Rosalie Vanderpoel's sister Bettina arrives at Stornham Court.
At some point in time, Bettina has spent a decade wondering why Rosalie Vanderpoel has lost contact with the family.
At some point in time, Bettina arrives at Stornham Court to investigate.
At some point in time, Bettina discovers Rosalie Vanderpoel and her son Ughtred living in the ruined estate.
At some point in time, Rosalie Vanderpoel is physically fragile.
At some point in time, Rosalie Vanderpoel is emotionally fragile.
At some point in time, Bettina is beautiful.
At some point in time, Bettina is made of considerably stronger stuff than Rosalie Vanderpoel.
At some point in time, Bettina begins to restore Rosalie Vanderpoel's health.
At some point in time, Bettina begins to restore Rosalie Vanderpoel's spirits.
At some point in time, Bettina begins to restore the building and grounds of Stornham Court.
At some point in time, Bettina restores Stornham Court in Nigel Anstruthers' absence.
At some point in time, Bettina attracts the attention of the local gentry.
At some point in time, Bettina re-integrates Rosalie Vanderpoel into society.
At some point in time, Bettina gains the respect of the villagers.
At some point in time, Bettina insists that repairs be done by local workers.
At some point in time, Bettina makes the acquaintance of Lord Mount Dunstan.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan is an impoverished English nobleman.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan has considerably more pride than Sir Nigel Anstruthers.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan has considerably more spirit than Sir Nigel Anstruthers.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan has no intention of marrying an American heiress.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan has no intention of restoring his estate by marrying an American heiress.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan is not well-respected in the neighbourhood.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan is not well-respected due to his disreputable late father.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan is not well-respected due to his disreputable late brother.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan regains the respect of the neighbourhood.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan regains the respect of the neighbourhood due to a chance encounter with G. Seldon.
At some point in time, G. Seldon is an American typewriter salesman on holiday.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan opens his estate to workers afflicted by typhoid fever.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers returns home.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers discovers Rosalie Vanderpoel and Ughtred in improved health.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers discovers Rosalie Vanderpoel and Ughtred in improved spirits.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers discovers the estate nearly restored.
At some point in time, Bettina is responsible for the restoration of the estate.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers tries to conceal his ill-will.
Sir Nigel Anstruthers has never been particularly good at self-control.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers attempts to bully Bettina into leaving Rosalie Vanderpoel at Stornham Court.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers attempts to bully Bettina into leaving Rosalie Vanderpoel with more of her father's money.
At some point in time, Bettina hides from Sir Nigel Anstruthers.
At some point in time, Bettina eventually returns with Lord Mount Dunstan.
At some point in time, Bettina had believed Lord Mount Dunstan dead of typhus.
At some point in time, Lord Mount Dunstan whips Sir Nigel Anstruthers "like a dog."
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers eventually suffers a fit.
At some point in time, Sir Nigel Anstruthers eventually dies.
At some point in time, Bettina and Lord Mount Dunstan overcome their pride.
At some point in time, Bettina and Lord Mount Dunstan confess their love for each other.