At some point in time, the novel begins with an unnamed narrator's arrival in Medicine Bow, Wyoming.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator arrives in Medicine Bow, Wyoming, from back East.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator encounters an impressively tall and handsome stranger.
At some point in time, the stranger proves adept at roping horses.
At some point in time, the stranger proves adept at facing down a gambler named Trampas.
At some point in time, Trampas calls the stranger a sonofabitch.
At the time, the word sonofabitch was an unacceptable insult in any society, except between joking friends.
At some point in time, the stranger lays a pistol on the table.
At some point in time, the stranger gently threatens Trampas by saying, "When you call me that, smile!".
At some point in time, the stranger is known only as the Virginian.
At some point in time, the Virginian turns out to be the unnamed narrator's escort to Judge Henry's ranch in Sunk Creek, Wyoming.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator and the Virginian travel 263 miles to the ranch.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator is nicknamed the "tenderfoot".
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator and the Virginian begin to come to know one another.
At some point in time, the tenderfoot slowly begins to understand the nature of life in the West.
At some point in time, the nature of life in the West is very different from what the tenderfoot expected.
At some point in time, this meeting is the beginning of a lifelong friendship.
At some point in time, this meeting is the starting point of the unnamed narrator's recounting of key episodes in the life of the Virginian.
At some point in time, the novel revolves around the Virginian and the life he lives.
At some point in time, the novel describes the Virginian's conflict with his enemy, Trampas.
At some point in time, the novel describes the Virginian's romance with the pretty schoolteacher, Molly Stark Wood.
At some point in time, Owen Wister weaves a tale of action, violence, hate, revenge, love, and friendship.
At some point in time, in one scene, the Virginian is forced to participate in the hanging of an admitted cattle thief.
At some point in time, the admitted cattle thief had been the Virginian's close friend.
At some point in time, the hanging is represented as a necessary response to the government's corruption and lack of action.
At some point in time, the Virginian feels the hanging to be a horrible duty.
At some point in time, the Virginian is especially stricken by the bravery with which the thief faces his fate.
At some point in time, the heavy burden that the act of hanging places on the Virginian's heart forms the emotional core of the story.
At some point in time, a fatal shootout resolves the ongoing conflict with Trampas.
At some point in time, the ongoing conflict with Trampas lasts five years.
At some point in time, Trampas shoots first in a duel.
At some point in time, the Virginian shoots Trampas in self-defense.
At some point in time, the Virginian leaves to marry his young bride.
At some point in time, the Virginian and Molly ride off together to spend a month in the mountains.
At some point in time, the Virginian and Molly journey back East to Vermont to meet her family.
At some point in time, the immediate Wood family receives the Virginian and Molly a bit stiffly.
At some point in time, Molly's great-aunt warmly receives the Virginian and Molly.
At some point in time, the new couple return to Wyoming.
At some point in time, the Virginian is made a partner of Judge Henry's ranch.
At some point in time, the book ends noting that the Virginian became an important man in the territory.
At some point in time, the Virginian has a happy family.
At some point in time, in 1908, Owen Wister defends the actual Virginian named Charles D Skirden.
At some point in time, Charles D Skirden is a police officer in Philadelphia, PA.
At some point in time, Charles D Skirden is accused of the murder of John Bradley.
At some point in time, John Bradley is a member of the Shamokin Street Gang.
At some point in time, John Bradley is murdered in November 1908.
At some point in time, John Bradley is the son of James Bradley.
At some point in time, John Bradley is the son of Letitia Gallagher.
At some point in time, Letitia Gallagher is the daughter of Squire Patrick Gallagher.
At some point in time, Charles D Skirden is arrested at the family's behest.
At some point in time, Owen Wister and others come to Charles D Skirden's aid.
At some point in time, Charles D Skirden takes charge of a game preserve in Long Island in 1911.