At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin is a low-ranking civil servant.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin is a titular counsellor.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin is constantly belittled and criticized for underachieving.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin yearns to be noticed by a beautiful woman.
At some point in time, the beautiful woman is Sophie.
At some point in time, Sophie is the daughter of Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's boss.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin has fallen in love with Sophie.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin feels love for Sophie.
At some point in time, Sophie is effectively unaware of Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's diary records his gradual slide into insanity.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's madness deepens.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin begins to understand the conversations of two dogs.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin believes he has discovered letters sent between two dogs.
At some point in time, the style of the letters convinces Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin of the letters' authenticity.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin terms the style of the letters as "dogginess" and "canine nature."
At some point in time, the letters provide Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin with a much more in-depth view of Sophie’s life.
At some point in time, the letters include information about Sophie’s engagement to another man.
At some point in time, in “The Year 2000, 43rd of April”, it is made clear that Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin has gone mad.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin has lost the ability to distinguish a true sense of time.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin begins to believe himself to be the heir to the throne of Spain.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin decides to make a Spanish royal uniform.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin believes the common people will recognize him in a Spanish royal uniform.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin believes he is in Spain.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin is waiting for the Spanish deputies to arrive.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin decides that he is in fact in China.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's trip to China is an appearance of his imagination.
At some point in time, Arksenty Ivanovich Poprishchin's imagination has been translated from being maltreated in an insane asylum.