At some point in time, the complex structure of the books begins with a Preface signed by Lloyd.
At some point in time, the Preface presents the frame concept.
At some point in time, Lloyd has discovered a thirty-year-old manuscript by Llewellyn Drury in a library.
At some point in time, the book's Chapter I begins the story of how Llewellyn Drury met the mysterious "I-Am-The-Man".
At some point in time, "I-Am-The-Man" reads his own manuscript account of his adventures to Llewellyn Drury over many sessions.
At some point in time, the mysterious stranger is also known as The-Man-Who-Did-It.
At some point in time, The-Man-Who-Did-It relates events that supposedly occurred thirty years earlier.
At some point in time, the events supposedly occurred during the early part of the nineteenth century.
At some point in time, by his account, the speaker is kidnapped by fellow members of a secret society.
At some point in time, the speaker is suspected to be a threat to the secrecy of the secret society.
At some point in time, the kidnapping was likely based on the 1826 kidnapping of William Morgan.
At some point in time, the kidnapping contributed to the start of the Anti-Masonry movement.
At some point in time, "I-Am-The-Man" is taken to a cave in Kentucky.
At some point in time, "I-Am-The-Man" is led by a cavern dweller on a long subterranean journey.
At some point in time, the journey becomes an inner journey of the spirit.
At some point in time, the journey is as much a geographical trip through underground realms.
At some point in time, the book blends passages on the nature of physical phenomena with spiritualist speculation.
At some point in time, the book includes adventure-story elements like traversing a landscape of giant mushrooms.
At some point in time, the whole ends with a summary letter from "I-Am-The-Man".
At some point in time, the whole ends with a conclusion from Llewellyn Drury.
At some point in time, subsequent editions of the book added various prefatory materials.
At some point in time, subsequent editions of the book added various supplementary materials.
At some point in time, the secret society is not named.
At some point in time, the narrator is made to take an oath by raising his hand.
At some point in time, the narrator repeats after a man who acts as his guide.
At some point in time, the oath includes the phrase, "To all this I most solemnly and sincerely promise and swear, with a firm and steadfast resolution to keep and perform my oath, without the least equivocation, mental reservation, or self-evasion whatever."
At some point in time, the oath is reminiscent of initiatory oaths of multiple degrees in Masonry.
At some point in time, a man the narrator encounters around the end of the novel says, "The future is operative and speculative."
At some point in time, the statement "The future is operative and speculative" is reminiscent of "operative" and "speculative" Freemasonry.
At some point in time, the statement is reminiscent of "speculative science and the operative art" in Freemasonry.