At some point in time, The Mysteries of Udolpho is a Gothic romance.
At some point in time, The novel contains incidents of physical terror.
At some point in time, The novel contains incidents of psychological terror.
At some point in time, The novel features remote, crumbling castles.
At some point in time, The novel includes seemingly supernatural events.
At some point in time, The novel has a brooding villain.
At some point in time, The novel has a scheming villain.
At some point in time, The novel has a persecuted heroine.
At some point in time, Modern editors state that only about one-third of the novel is set in the Gothic castle.
At some point in time, The tone of the novel varies between sections.
At some point in time, The style of the novel varies between sections.
At some point in time, Ann Radcliffe added extensive descriptions of exotic landscapes in the Pyrenees.
At some point in time, Ann Radcliffe added extensive descriptions of exotic landscapes in the Apennines.
At some point in time, Ann Radcliffe added extensive descriptions of Venice.
Ann Radcliffe did not visit the Pyrenees.
Ann Radcliffe did not visit the Apennines.
Ann Radcliffe did not visit Venice.
At some point in time, Ann Radcliffe relied on contemporary travel books for details of the landscapes.
At some point in time, The reliance on contemporary travel books led to the introduction of several anachronisms.
At some point in time, The novel is set in 1584.
At some point in time, The novel is set in southern France.
At some point in time, The novel is set in northern Italy.
At some point in time, The novel focuses on the plight of Emily St. Aubert.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert is a young French woman.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert is orphaned after the death of her father.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert suffers imprisonment in the castle Udolpho.
At some point in time, Signor Montoni is an Italian brigand.
At some point in time, Signor Montoni has married Emily St. Aubert's aunt.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert's aunt is Madame Cheron.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert's romance with Valancourt is frustrated by Montoni.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert's romance with Valancourt is frustrated by others.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert investigates the mysterious relationship between her father and the Marchioness de Villeroi.
At some point in time, The mysterious relationship has a connection to the castle at Udolpho.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert is the only child of a landed rural family.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert's family's fortunes are in decline.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert and her father share a close bond.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert and her father share an appreciation for nature.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert's mother dies from a serious illness.
At some point in time, After her mother's death, Emily St. Aubert and her father grow closer.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert accompanies her father on a journey.
At some point in time, The journey is from Gascony to the Mediterranean coast of Roussillon.
At some point in time, The journey goes over many mountainous landscapes.
At some point in time, During the journey, Emily St. Aubert and her father encounter Valancourt.
At some point in time, Valancourt is a handsome man.
At some point in time, Valancourt feels a mystical kinship with the natural world.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert and Valancourt quickly fall in love.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert's father succumbs to a long illness.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert is forced to live with her aunt after her father's death.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert's aunt is Madame Cheron.
At some point in time, Madame Cheron shares none of Emily St. Aubert's interests.
At some point in time, Madame Cheron shows little affection to Emily St. Aubert.
At some point in time, Madame Cheron marries Montoni.
At some point in time, Montoni is a dubious nobleman from Italy.
At some point in time, Montoni wants Count Morano to become Emily St. Aubert's husband.
At some point in time, Montoni tries to force Emily St. Aubert to marry Count Morano.
At some point in time, Count Morano is nearly ruined.
At some point in time, Montoni brings Emily St. Aubert and Madame Cheron to his remote castle of Udolpho.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert fears she has lost Valancourt forever.
At some point in time, Count Morano searches for Emily St. Aubert.
At some point in time, Count Morano tries to carry Emily St. Aubert off secretly from Udolpho.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert refuses to join Count Morano.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert's heart still belongs to Valancourt.
At some point in time, Montoni discovers Count Morano's attempt to escape.
At some point in time, Montoni wounds Count Morano.
At some point in time, Montoni chases Count Morano away.
At some point in time, Montoni threatens Madame Cheron with violence.
At some point in time, Montoni threatens Madame Cheron to force her to sign over her properties in Toulouse.
At some point in time, Madame Cheron's properties would otherwise go to Emily St. Aubert upon her death.
At some point in time, Madame Cheron does not resign her estate.
At some point in time, Madame Cheron dies of a severe illness.
At some point in time, Madame Cheron's severe illness is caused by her husband's harshness.
At some point in time, Many frightening events happen within the castle.
At some point in time, The events within the castle are coincidental.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert is able to flee from the castle.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert receives help from Du Pont.
At some point in time, Du Pont was a prisoner at Udolpho.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert receives help from the servants Annette and Ludovico.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert returns to her aunt's estate.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert learns that Valancourt went to Paris.
At some point in time, Valancourt lost his wealth in Paris.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert takes control of the property.
At some point in time, Emily St. Aubert is reunited with Valancourt.