At some point in time, the novel is told from the perspective of an unnamed medical professor.
At some point in time, the unnamed medical professor tells the story of a student named Bernard Langdon.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon has to take some time away from his studies to earn money as a teacher.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon spends a short time teaching at a school in the village of Pigwacket Centre.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon earns respect after taking on the school bully, Abner Briggs.
At some point in time, after only a month, Bernard Langdon leaves to work at the Apollinean Female Institute in the town of Rockland.
At some point in time, the owner of the Apollinean Female Institute is Silas Peckham.
At some point in time, Silas Peckham is profit-focused.
At some point in time, the schoolmistress at the Apollinean Female Institute is Miss Helen Darley.
At some point in time, Miss Helen Darley is literally working herself to death.
At some point in time, one of Bernard Langdon's students is the 17-year-old Elsie Venner.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner purposely sits apart from the other students.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner is known for being strange and quick to anger.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner is only close to her father Dudley Venner.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner calls her father Dudley Venner by his first name.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner is close to her governess, Old Sophy.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner has a friendship with the town physician Dr. Kittredge.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner reveals to Dr. Kittredge that she ran away from home.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner ran away from home to hide on the other side of the mountain.
At some point in time, the other town residents are afraid to go to the other side of the mountain.
At some point in time, Elsie's half-Spanish cousin Richard "Dick" Venner pays a visit at the Venner estate.
At some point in time, Dick Venner's mother died when he was a child.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner and Dick Venner were playmates in their childhood.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner was rough on Dick Venner.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner once bit Dick Venner hard enough that he still has scars from it.
At some point in time, Dick Venner has become a skilled horse-rider.
At some point in time, Dick Venner is a bit of a trouble-maker.
At some point in time, stories of Dick Venner's escapades are unclear.
At some point in time, rumors abound that Dick Venner has come to town to ask his cousin Elsie Venner to marry him.
At some point in time, Dick Venner intends to marry Elsie Venner so that he can inherit his uncle's estate.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon is surprised to find a gift stuck in the pages of a book by Virgil on his desk at school.
At some point in time, the gift stuck in the pages of the book by Virgil is an exotic-looking flower.
At some point in time, the exotic-looking flower is known to be the type Elsie Venner collects.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon is frightened yet intrigued that Elsie Venner has taken an interest in him.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon resolves to climb the mountain and find Elsie Venner's secret hiding-place.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon climbs up several precipitous rock formations.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon finds the source of the exotic flower Elsie Venner presented him.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon investigates a cavern where he thinks Elsie Venner hides out.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon is overtaken by a rattlesnake poised to strike.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner appears and calms the rattlesnake merely by looking at it.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon is intrigued.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon researches snakes, poisons, and the "evil eye."
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon cages a couple of snakes.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon contacts his old professor for information.
At some point in time, Doctor Kittredge recognizes the mutual interest between Bernard Langdon and Elsie Venner.
At some point in time, Doctor Kittredge recommends Bernard Langdon begin practicing with a pistol.
At some point in time, Dick Venner subtly pursues a relationship with Elsie Venner.
At some point in time, Dick Venner pursues a relationship with Elsie Venner in order to become heir to the ample Venner estate.
At some point in time, Dick Venner is jealous of Bernard Langdon.
At some point in time, Dick Venner worries Elsie's father might marry Miss Darley.
At some point in time, one night, Dick Venner attacks Bernard Langdon with his lasso.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon shoots his pistol and kills Dick Venner's horse.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon is injured.
At some point in time, Dr. Kittredge's assistant appears.
At some point in time, Dr. Kittredge's assistant has been ordered to follow Dick Venner.
At some point in time, Dr. Kittredge's assistant exposes the incident.
At some point in time, Dick Venner is run out of town.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner admits her interest in Bernard Langdon.
At some point in time, Bernard Langdon admits he is concerned about Elsie Venner as a friend.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner is devastated.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner becomes sick.
At some point in time, during her illness, Elsie Venner calls for Miss Darley to attend to her.
At some point in time, Miss Darley finally asks Old Sophy how Elsie Venner's mother died.
At some point in time, it is implied that Elsie Venner's mother was poisoned by a snake bite shortly before Elsie Venner was born.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner slowly loses her mysterious nature.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner softens enough to tell her father she loves him.
At some point in time, Elsie Venner dies shortly after.