At some point in time, Emmeline is set in Pembroke, Wales.
At some point in time, Emmeline is the eponymous heroine of the novel.
Emmeline's parents are both dead.
At some point in time, Emmeline has been supported by her father's brother, Lord Montreville.
At some point in time, Lord Montreville resides at Mowbray Castle.
At some point in time, it is suggested that Emmeline's parents were not married when Emmeline was born.
At some point in time, Emmeline is considered illegitimate because her parents were not married.
At some point in time, Lord Montreville has claimed Mowbray Castle for himself and his family.
At some point in time, Emmeline has been raised by servants.
At some point in time, Emmeline has become educated and accomplished through reading.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere catches the eye of Emmeline.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere falls in love with Emmeline.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere proposes to Emmeline.
At some point in time, Emmeline refuses Lord Delamere's proposal.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere's father does not approve of Emmeline.
At some point in time, Emmeline feels only sisterly affection for Lord Delamere.
At some point in time, Emmeline leaves Mowbray Castle to escape Lord Delamere's protestations of love.
At some point in time, Emmeline first lives with Mrs. Stafford.
At some point in time, Emmeline then lives with Mrs. Ashwood.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere continues to pursue Emmeline while she lives with Mrs. Stafford and Mrs. Ashwood.
At some point in time, Emmeline rejects the suits of other rich men.
At some point in time, Emmeline confounds the people around her.
At some point in time, the Croft family are lawyers trying to rise in society.
At some point in time, the Croft family has influence over Lord Montreville.
At some point in time, the younger Croft son secretly marries the eldest Montreville daughter.
At some point in time, the marriage between the younger Croft son and the eldest Montreville daughter secures a fortune.
At some point in time, the marriage is considered unfortunate from Lord Montreville's perspective.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere abducts Emmeline.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere attempts to take Emmeline to Scotland.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere attempts to force Emmeline to marry him.
At some point in time, Emmeline falls ill with a fever.
At some point in time, Emmeline convinces Lord Delamere to abandon his plans.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere's mother, Lady Montreville, becomes ill.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere is compelled to visit his family.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere promises not to see Emmeline for a year to help Lady Montreville recover.
At some point in time, if Lord Delamere still loves Emmeline after a year, his parents promise to allow him to marry her.
At some point in time, Emmeline reluctantly agrees to Lord Delamere's promise.
At some point in time, Emmeline becomes friends with Augusta.
At some point in time, Augusta is Lord Delamere’s sister.
At some point in time, Augusta marries Lord Westhaven.
At some point in time, Lord Westhaven is the brother of Emmeline’s new acquaintance in the country, Adelina.
At some point in time, Adelina left her dissipated husband for a lover.
At some point in time, Adelina's lover abandoned her with a child.
At some point in time, Adelina is distraught.
At some point in time, Adelina fears chastisement from her brother, Lord Westhaven.
At some point in time, Adelina briefly goes insane.
At some point in time, Emmeline nurses Adelina and her baby.
At some point in time, while nursing Adelina and her baby, Emmeline meets Adelina's other brother, Godolphin.
At some point in time, the Crofts circulate rumors of Emmeline’s infidelity to Lord Delamere.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere visits Emmeline.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere sees Emmeline with Adelina’s child.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere assumes the child is Emmeline's.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere abandons Emmeline.
At some point in time, Emmeline travels to France with Mrs. Stafford and Augusta.
At some point in time, Emmeline discovers her parents were actually married in France.
At some point in time, Emmeline discovers she deserves to inherit Mowbray Castle.
At some point in time, Lord Montreville hands Mowbray Castle over to Emmeline.
At some point in time, Lord Montreville discovers he was duped by the Crofts.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere becomes ill upon discovering that Emmeline was never unfaithful to him.
At some point in time, Emmeline nurses Lord Delamere.
At some point in time, Emmeline refuses to marry Lord Delamere.
At some point in time, Lady Montreville dies in her anxiety over Lord Delamere's condition.
At some point in time, Lord Delamere dies fighting a duel over his sister’s lover.
At some point in time, Emmeline marries Godolphin in the end.