At some point in time, much of the action of this short novel takes place in the rickety old stage-coach of Pierrotin.
At some point in time, the stage-coach regularly carries passengers and goods between Paris and Val-d'Oise.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy is travelling incognito on one trip from Paris.
Comte Hugret de Sérizy is a senator and wealthy aristocrat.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy is investigating reports about Monsieur Moreau.
At some point in time, Monsieur Moreau is the steward of Comte Hugret de Sérizy's country estate at Presles.
At some point in time, Monsieur Moreau is being less than honest in his dealings on behalf of Comte Hugret de Sérizy.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy wishes to buy a piece of land from Margueron.
At some point in time, Margueron is a neighbouring landowner.
At some point in time, among the count's fellow passengers is Oscar Husson.
Oscar Husson is a young good-for-nothing mummy's boy.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson is being sent to Monsieur Moreau.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson's mother hopes that a position can be found for him.
At some point in time, Georges Marest is travelling to L'Isle-Adam.
At some point in time, Georges Marest is the second clerk of Comte Hugret de Sérizy's Parisian notary Crottat.
Joseph Bridau is a young artist.
At some point in time, Joseph Bridau is accompanied by his young colleague Léon Didas y Lora.
At some point in time, Léon Didas y Lora is nicknamed Mistigris.
At some point in time, Père Léger is a rich farmer from Val-d'Oise.
At some point in time, Père Léger is leasing the land which Comte Hugret de Sérizy wishes to buy from Margueron.
At some point in time, Père Léger is hoping to buy the land himself.
At some point in time, Père Léger intends to sell the land piecemeal at a significant profit to Comte Hugret de Sérizy.
At some point in time, Georges Marest amuses himself by pretending to be Colonel Czerni-Georges.
Colonel Czerni-Georges is a young nobleman with a distinguished military career.
At some point in time, the fellow travellers are impressed by Georges Marest's pretense.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy sees through Georges Marest's pretense.
At some point in time, Georges Marest passes himself off as the celebrated artist Heinrich Schinner.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson pretends to be a close acquaintance of Comte Hugret de Sérizy and his son.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson divulges several private and embarrassing details about Comte Hugret de Sérizy.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson could only have learned the details from his godparents the Moreaus.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy overhears a conversation in which Père Léger describes how he and Monsieur Moreau are conspiring to buy the land.
At some point in time, Père Léger and Monsieur Moreau intend to sell the land to Comte Hugret de Sérizy at an inflated price.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy arrives at Presles.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy dismisses Monsieur Moreau.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy dismisses Monsieur Moreau for revealing personal details about himself and his wife.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson is forced to return to Paris.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson seeks a living by some other means.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson obtains a license.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson becomes a clerk in the law office of Desroches in Paris.
At some point in time, Godeschal trains Oscar Husson.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson renews his acquaintance with Georges Marest.
At some point in time, Georges Marest is actually related to Oscar Husson.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson applies himself diligently to both his studies and his clerkly duties for some time.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson spoils everything by another indiscretion.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson's second indiscretion is much more serious than the first.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson gambles away five hundred francs.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson was given the five hundred francs to transact an important legal matter.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson's hopes are ruined for a second time.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson is forced to abandon law.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson enters military service.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson surprises everybody and becomes a successful soldier.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson joins the cavalry regiment of the Duc de Maufrigneuse.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson joins the cavalry regiment of the Vicomte de Sérizy.
The Vicomte de Sérizy is the son of Comte Hugret de Sérizy.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson claimed to be acquainted with the Vicomte de Sérizy in the coach on the road to L'Isle-Adam.
At some point in time, the dauphiness and Abbé Gaudron obtain promotion and a decoration for Oscar Husson.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson becomes aide-de-camp to La Fayette.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson becomes a captain.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson becomes an officer of the Legion of Honor.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson becomes a lieutenant-colonel.
At some point in time, a noteworthy deed makes Oscar Husson famous on Algerian territory during the affair of La Macta.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson loses his left arm rescuing the mortally wounded Vicomte de Sérizy from the battlefield.
At some point in time, the Vicomte de Sérizy dies shortly afterwards.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy is grateful to Oscar Husson.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy forgives Oscar Husson for his earlier indiscretion.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson is put on half-pay.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson obtains the post of collector for Beaumont-sur-Oise.
At some point in time, at the end of the novel, Oscar Husson and his mother are taking the Pierrotin coach to L'Isle-Adam.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson and his mother are en route to Beaumont-sur-Oise.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson and his mother find themselves in the company of several witnesses or accomplices of Oscar Husson's earlier indiscretions.
At some point in time, Georges Marest has lost a fortune worth thirty thousand francs a year by debauchery.
At some point in time, Georges Marest is now a poor insurance-broker.
At some point in time, Père Léger is now married to the daughter of the new steward of Presles.
At some point in time, the new steward of Presles is Reybert.
At some point in time, Joseph Bridau is now a celebrated artist.
At some point in time, Joseph Bridau is married to Père Léger's daughter.
At some point in time, Monsieur Moreau has risen to high political office.
At some point in time, Georges Marest begins to blab about the Moreaus.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson is now travelling incognito.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson rebukes Georges Marest.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson reminds Georges Marest of the dangers of not holding one's tongue in a public conveyance.
At some point in time, Georges Marest recognizes Oscar Husson.
At some point in time, Georges Marest renews his acquaintance with Oscar Husson.
At some point in time, in 1838, Oscar Husson becomes engaged to Georgette Pierrotin.
At some point in time, Georgette Pierrotin is the daughter of Pierrotin.
At some point in time, Pierrotin now owns the business that runs the stage-coaches between Paris and Val-d'Oise.
At some point in time, Balzac draws a moral at the close of the novel.
At some point in time, the adventure of the journey to Presles was a lesson to Oscar Husson in discretion.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson's disaster at Florentine's card-party strengthened him in honesty and uprightness.
At some point in time, the hardships of Oscar Husson's military career taught him to understand the social hierarchy.
At some point in time, the hardships of Oscar Husson's military career taught him to yield obedience to his lot.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson becomes wise and capable.
At some point in time, Oscar Husson was happy.
At some point in time, Comte Hugret de Sérizy obtained for Oscar Husson the collectorship at Pontoise before his death.
At some point in time, the influence of Monsieur Moreau de l'Oise secured a receiver-generalship for Oscar Husson.
At some point in time, the influence of the Comtesse de Sérizy secured a receiver-generalship for Oscar Husson.
At some point in time, the influence of the Baron de Canalis secured a receiver-generalship for Oscar Husson.
At some point in time, the Camusot family now recognizes Oscar Husson as a relation.
Oscar Husson is a commonplace man.
Oscar Husson is gentle.
Oscar Husson is without assumption.
Oscar Husson is modest.
Oscar Husson always keeps to a middle course.
Oscar Husson excites neither envy nor contempt.
Oscar Husson is the modern bourgeois.