At some point in time, the film opens with a scene of newspapers and news broadcasts describing an orphanage that was burned down.
At some point in time, the burning of the orphanage resulted in several deaths.
At some point in time, the film then turns to seven friends starting out on a road trip to Las Vegas.
At some point in time, Phil (JoJo Wright) records the trip for his girlfriend Julia.
At some point in time, the group hits a road block en route to their destination.
At some point in time, the road block prompts the group to take a detour.
At some point in time, the detour results in several flat tires.
At some point in time, the group decides that the women will remain behind to watch the truck.
At some point in time, the men go to look for help.
At some point in time, the men eventually come across a rest-stop motel that sells tires.
At some point in time, the men introduce themselves to the gas attendant Brad.
At some point in time, the men introduce themselves to the shop owner Steve (Braxton Davis).
At some point in time, the men introduce themselves to Norah (Dallas Lovato).
At some point in time, Steve offers to fix the truck.
At some point in time, Steve offers to pick up the girls.
At some point in time, Steve offers free alcoholic drinks.
At some point in time, Steve offers to let the group stay at the neighboring motel for the night.
At some point in time, one of the group members, Todd (Dustin Harnish), is originally hesitant about the proposition.
At some point in time, Todd eventually agrees to the proposition.
At some point in time, the group has a wild night of drinking and partying.
At some point in time, the group falls asleep in the motel.
At some point in time, the group eventually wakes up the next morning/afternoon.
At some point in time, at first, everything appears normal.
At some point in time, it soon becomes clear that Steve and his cohorts are nowhere to be found on the premises.
At some point in time, none of the friends remembers much about what happened the previous night.
At some point in time, four of the friends (Jordan, Brandy, Ryan, Andy) wake up realizing they are tied up or otherwise physically incapacitated.
At some point in time, Jordan is tied up to a chair in the bathroom next to the bathtub.
At some point in time, a bucket is on Jordan's arm.
At some point in time, an electric wire is tied to Jordan's hand.
At some point in time, Brandy is tied up in the bathtub.
At some point in time, Ryan is tied to a chair in his room.
At some point in time, Anna is tied up on the bed, at her hands and her feet.
At some point in time, at first, the friends believe this to be some sort of bad joke.
At some point in time, Todd and Claire witness Phil being intentionally decapitated by Brad.
At some point in time, it becomes clear that Steve, Brad, Norah, and Chloe are cruel, sadistic sociopaths.
At some point in time, Steve, Brad, Norah, and Chloe call themselves "the helpers."
At some point in time, the helpers are intent on torturing and murdering the group.
At some point in time, Claire (Kristen Quintrall) and Todd are locked in their motel room.
At some point in time, Claire and Todd are forced to watch while their friends get murdered one by one.
At some point in time, the helpers go into Anna and Ryan's room.
At some point in time, the helpers reveal that each end of Anna's body is chained to a car.
At some point in time, the helpers will drive the cars and rip Anna's body in half.
At some point in time, the helpers do so while Ryan is tied up and unable to stop them.
At some point in time, the helpers then go into Jordan and Brandy's room.
At some point in time, the helpers explain that the wire attached to Jordan's arm will be lowered into the water in the bathtub.
At some point in time, the helpers will lower the wire by placing rocks in the bucket hanging from Jordan's arm.
At some point in time, the lowering of the wire will electrocute Brandy.
At some point in time, Brandy is presumed to be killed from being electrocuted four times.
At some point in time, Brandy is actually just knocked out from being electrocuted four times.
At some point in time, Jordan's arm with the wire was forcibly placed in the water.
At some point in time, the men remove Brandy from the tub.
At some point in time, the men leave Jordan with Norah.
At some point in time, Norah taunts Jordan.
At some point in time, Jordan pushes Norah into the tub.
At some point in time, Jordan electrocutes Norah with the wire.
At some point in time, Jordan kills Norah.
At some point in time, Jordan checks to see if Brandy is still alive.
At some point in time, Jordan revives Brandy.
At some point in time, Jordan and Brandy both escape.
At some point in time, Todd and Claire also manage to successfully escape from their room.
At some point in time, Todd and Claire are caught while attempting to flee.
At some point in time, Todd and Claire are brought back to the complex.
At some point in time, the helpers bring out Ryan.
At some point in time, Ryan is still tied to the chair.
At some point in time, the helpers shoot Ryan dead in front of the others.
At some point in time, the helpers chain Claire to the cars as they did to Anna.
At some point in time, the helpers threaten to rip Claire's body in half unless she admits that her father was the abusive owner of an orphanage.
At some point in time, Claire admits that her father was indeed the owner of an orphanage.
At some point in time, it is eventually revealed that the three murderers used to live in an orphanage run by Claire's father.
At some point in time, the three murderers were terribly abused and beaten in the orphanage.
At some point in time, the murderers intentionally set the group up to come by the motel.
At some point in time, the murderers found the motel/gas station.
At some point in time, the murderers killed the employees of the motel/gas station.
At some point in time, the murderers took over the motel/gas station.
At some point in time, the murderers placed road detour signs on the road.
At some point in time, the murderers placed sharp objects to puncture the cars' tires.
At some point in time, it is also revealed that the murderers burned down the orphanage before they left.
At some point in time, the news described the burning of the orphanage in the opening scene of the movie.
At some point in time, the murderers' main motive for their barbarism is revenge against Claire's father.
At some point in time, the murderers knew that the group was going on a road trip.
At some point in time, Phil's girlfriend, Julia, was one of the group members.
At some point in time, Jordan, Brandy, Todd, and Claire manage to escape.
At some point in time, the film ends with a scene "six months later."
At some point in time, in the scene "six months later," "the helpers" are working at another gas station.
At some point in time, "the helpers" ask their customers if they need any help.