At some point in time, Ursula Brangwen is a sister.
At some point in time, Gudrun Brangwen is a sister.
At some point in time, Ursula Brangwen and Gudrun Brangwen live in The Midlands in England in the 1910s.
At some point in time, Ursula Brangwen is a teacher.
At some point in time, Gudrun Brangwen is an artist.
At some point in time, Ursula Brangwen and Gudrun Brangwen meet two men.
At some point in time, Rupert Birkin is a school inspector.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich is a coal-mine heir.
At some point in time, Rupert Birkin and Gerald Crich live nearby.
At some point in time, Ursula Brangwen, Gudrun Brangwen, Rupert Birkin, and Gerald Crich become friends.
At some point in time, Ursula Brangwen and Rupert Birkin become involved.
At some point in time, Gudrun Brangwen and Gerald Crich eventually begin a love affair.
At some point in time, all four individuals are deeply concerned with questions of society.
At some point in time, all four individuals are deeply concerned with questions of politics.
At some point in time, all four individuals are deeply concerned with the relationship between men and women.
At some point in time, Diana is Gerald's sister.
At some point in time, Diana drowns at a party at Gerald's estate.
At some point in time, Gudrun Brangwen becomes the teacher and mentor of Gerald's youngest sister.
At some point in time, Gerald's coal-mine-owning father dies after a long illness.
At some point in time, Gerald goes to Gudrun Brangwen's house after the funeral.
At some point in time, Gerald spends the night with Gudrun Brangwen while Gudrun Brangwen's parents sleep in another room.
At some point in time, Birkin asks Ursula Brangwen to marry him.
At some point in time, Ursula Brangwen agrees to marry Birkin.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich and Gudrun Brangwen's relationship becomes stormy.
At some point in time, the two couples holiday in the Alps.
At some point in time, Gudrun Brangwen begins an intense friendship with Loerke.
At some point in time, Loerke is a physically puny but emotionally commanding artist from Dresden.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich becomes enraged by Loerke.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich becomes enraged by Gudrun Brangwen's verbal abuse.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich becomes enraged by Gudrun Brangwen's rejection of his manhood.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich is driven by his own internal violence.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich tries to strangle Gudrun Brangwen.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich realizes that killing Gudrun Brangwen is not what he wants.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich leaves Gudrun Brangwen and Loerke.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich climbs the mountain.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich eventually slips into a snowy valley.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich falls asleep in the snowy valley.
At some point in time, Gerald Crich freezes to death.
At some point in time, the impact of Gerald Crich's death upon Birkin is profound.
At some point in time, the novel ends a few weeks after Gerald Crich's death.
At some point in time, Birkin tries to explain to Ursula Brangwen that he needs Gerald Crich.
At some point in time, Birkin tries to explain to Ursula Brangwen that he needs her.
At some point in time, Birkin needs Ursula Brangwen for the perfect relationship with a woman.
At some point in time, Birkin needs Gerald Crich for the perfect relationship with a man.