At some point in time, Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram are making their way across the virgin prairies of the Midwest.
At some point in time, Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram are looking for a homestead.
At some point in time, the events occur just two years after the Louisiana Purchase.
At some point in time, the events occur during the time of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
At some point in time, Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram meet the trapper Natty Bumppo.
At some point in time, Natty Bumppo has left his home in New York state.
At some point in time, Natty Bumppo is looking for a place where he cannot hear the sound of people cutting down the forests.
At some point in time, Natty Bumppo has walked all the way to the Pacific Ocean.
At some point in time, Natty Bumppo has seen all the land between the coasts.
At some point in time, Lewis and Clark had not yet completed the same trek as Natty Bumppo.
At some point in time, a band of Teton warriors steals all of Ishmael’s animals.
At some point in time, the Teton warriors strand Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram.
At some point in time, the doctor returns the next morning.
At some point in time, the doctor returns with his donkey.
At some point in time, the trapper helps Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram relocate their wagons.
At some point in time, one of the wagons has mysterious contents.
At some point in time, Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram relocate their wagons to a nearby butte.
At some point in time, the nearby butte is safer when the Tetons return.
At some point in time, Middleton joins Ishmael, his family, Ellen, and Abiram's group.
At some point in time, Middleton stumbles upon the trapper and Paul.
At some point in time, Ishmael and his family go looking for Ishmael's eldest son Asa.
At some point in time, Ishmael and his family find Asa murdered.
At some point in time, the trapper, Paul, and Middleton return to camp.
At some point in time, the trapper, Paul, and Middleton find Inez.
At some point in time, Abiram and Ishmael had been keeping Inez captive.
At some point in time, the trapper, Paul, and Middleton flee with Inez and Ellen.
At some point in time, Ishmael chases the trapper, Paul, Middleton, Inez, and Ellen.
At some point in time, the Tetons capture the trapper and his crew.
At some point in time, the trapper and his crew escape the Tetons.
At some point in time, Ishmael forms an alliance with the Indians.
At some point in time, the Indians attempt to recapture the trapper.
At some point in time, the Indians surround the trapper and his crew with a prairie fire.
At some point in time, the trapper lights a backfire.
At some point in time, the trapper saves everyone.
At some point in time, Ishmael, the trapper, and the others meet up with Hard-heart.
At some point in time, Hard-heart is a Pawnee Indian.
At some point in time, Hard-heart survived the fire wrapped in a buffalo skin.
At some point in time, Ishmael, the trapper, and the others attempt to escape to Hard-heart's village.
At some point in time, the Tetons capture Ishmael, the trapper, and the others.
At some point in time, Ishmael demands the trapper, Inez, and Ellen for helping the Tetons.
At some point in time, Ishmael is denied and turned away.
At some point in time, Mahtoree intends to take Inez and Ellen for his new wives.
At some point in time, Le Balafre attempts to spare Hard-heart’s life.
At some point in time, Le Balafre makes Hard-heart his son.
At some point in time, Hard-heart refuses to become Le Balafre's son.
At some point in time, Hard-heart kills Weucha.
At some point in time, Hard-heart flees the village.
At some point in time, Hard-heart’s Pawnee warriors attack the Teton village.
At some point in time, the trapper and his friends escape the Teton village.
At some point in time, the trapper and his friends are captured by Ishmael.
At some point in time, the trapper is accused of Asa’s death.
At some point in time, Abiram’s guilt is discovered.
At some point in time, Abiram is executed.
At some point in time, Ishmael’s family returns east without Inez, Ellen, or the doctor.
At some point in time, Middleton, Inez, Paul, and Ellen travel back to Louisiana and Kentucky.
At some point in time, the trapper joins a Pawnee village.
At some point in time, the Pawnee village is located on a tributary of the Missouri River.
At some point in time, Middleton and Paul return just in time to witness the trapper's noble death.
At some point in time, Middleton and Paul bury the trapper.