At some point in time, Serapion describes foreboding omens of storms, whirlwinds, and the flooding of the Nile.
At some point in time, Serapion describes foreboding omens of Egypt's impending doom.
At some point in time, Alexas dismisses Serapion's claims.
At some point in time, Alexas is more concerned with Cleopatra's relationship with Antony.
At some point in time, Alexas sees that Cleopatra dotes on Antony.
At some point in time, Alexas worries that Antony will not continue seeing Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Serapion hosts a festival to celebrate Antony's honour.
At some point in time, Ventidius comes to aid Antony in Alexandria.
At some point in time, Ventidius disagrees with Antony's relationship with Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Ventidius offers to give Antony troops if Antony leaves Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Antony is insulted by Ventidius's opinions regarding Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Antony refuses to hear anything negative about Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Antony agrees to Ventidius's offer.
At some point in time, Cleopatra mourns about her situation without Antony.
At some point in time, Charmion attempts to set up a meeting between Cleopatra and Antony.
At some point in time, Charmion is unsuccessful in setting up a meeting between Cleopatra and Antony.
At some point in time, Cleopatra sends Alexas to try to win back Antony using gifts.
At some point in time, the gifts include jewels, including a bracelet.
At some point in time, Alexas suggests that Cleopatra should tie the bracelet onto Antony's wrist.
At some point in time, Ventidius appears in the subsequent meeting between Cleopatra and Antony.
At some point in time, Ventidius tries to proclaim that Cleopatra is not Antony's rightful partner.
At some point in time, Ventidius claims that Cleopatra would betray Antony for her own safety.
At some point in time, Cleopatra wins the argument against Ventidius.
At some point in time, Cleopatra demonstrates a letter showing that she refused Egypt and Syria from Octavius.
At some point in time, Antony is overjoyed by Cleopatra's decision.
At some point in time, Antony proclaims his love for Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Antony is returning from battle.
At some point in time, Antony is overwhelmed with love for Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Ventidius comes to speak with Antony.
At some point in time, Antony attempts to flee unsuccessfully.
At some point in time, Antony does not want to go back to war.
At some point in time, Antony does not know how to stop the war.
At some point in time, Antony believes Dolabella can help him.
At some point in time, Ventidius brings Dolabella out.
At some point in time, Dolabella appears after Antony's success in battle.
At some point in time, Dolabella was banished for his love for Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Dolabella returns to a warm welcome from Antony.
At some point in time, Dolabella offers a gift that will bring peace between Antony and Caesar.
At some point in time, the gift is Octavia, Antony's true wife and Caesar's sister.
At some point in time, the gift includes Antony's two daughters.
At some point in time, Octavia tells Antony the war will stop when he returns to his rightful place, by her side.
At some point in time, Antony and Octavia reunite.
At some point in time, Alexas's attempts to meddle for the sake of Cleopatra are dismissed.
At some point in time, Cleopatra appears informed of her defeat.
At some point in time, Alexas tells Cleopatra to avoid Octavia.
At some point in time, Cleopatra chooses to face Octavia as a rival.
At some point in time, Cleopatra and Octavia have an argument.
At some point in time, it seems clear that Octavia is whom Antony rightfully belongs to.
At some point in time, it is not Octavia whom Antony loves most.
At some point in time, Antony has been convinced by Octavia that his rightful place is by her side.
At some point in time, Antony's rightful place is in Rome, with his children.
At some point in time, Antony plans to leave.
At some point in time, Antony does not have the strength to tell Cleopatra himself.
At some point in time, Antony asks Dolabella to tell Cleopatra he is leaving.
At some point in time, Dolabella will go to Cleopatra to bid her farewell.
At some point in time, Ventidius overhears that Dolabella will be going to Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Ventidius sees Cleopatra devising a plan with Alexas.
At some point in time, Cleopatra's plan is to inspire jealousy in Antony by way of Dolabella.
At some point in time, Ventidius and Octavia see Dolabella taking Cleopatra's hand.
At some point in time, when the time comes to make a move romantically, both Ventidius and Octavia fall apart from the guilt of their betrayal.
At some point in time, Ventidius tells Antony that Cleopatra and Dolabella have become lovers.
At some point in time, Octavia bears witness to Ventidius's claim.
At some point in time, Ventidius asks Alexas to testify to the same story.
At some point in time, Alexas believes Ventidius's claim.
At some point in time, Antony is infuriated by the information that Cleopatra and Dolabella have become lovers.
At some point in time, Antony is still looking for some loophole that would confirm Cleopatra's innocence.
At some point in time, Antony's belief in Cleopatra's innocence hurts Octavia.
At some point in time, Octavia leaves permanently.
At some point in time, Dolabella and Cleopatra try to explain themselves to Antony.
At some point in time, Antony refuses to believe Dolabella and Cleopatra.
At some point in time, Antony takes Cleopatra's naval fleet.
At some point in time, Antony sails to Caesar.
At some point in time, Antony is greeted like an old friend by Caesar.
At some point in time, Antony and Caesar sail back to Alexandria.
At some point in time, when Cleopatra hears of Antony's actions, Alexas tells her to flee.
At some point in time, Alexas will attempt to make amends with Caesar.
At some point in time, Cleopatra tells Alexas that going to Caesar would make him a traitor.
At some point in time, Cleopatra tells Alexas that he cannot go to Caesar.
At some point in time, Cleopatra flees.
At some point in time, Alexas is left behind.
At some point in time, Antony and Ventidius meet up.
At some point in time, Antony and Ventidius prepare to fight.
At some point in time, Alexas informs Antony that Cleopatra is dead.
At some point in time, Antony tells Ventidius to end his life.
At some point in time, Ventidius refuses to end his life.
At some point in time, Ventidius kills himself.
At some point in time, with Ventidius dead, Antony tries to commit suicide.
At some point in time, Antony fails to commit suicide.
At some point in time, Cleopatra comes in and sees Antony.
At some point in time, Antony is still living but on the verge of death.
At some point in time, Antony dies.
At some point in time, Cleopatra kills herself.
At some point in time, Serapion delivers the eulogy for Antony and Cleopatra.