At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins are lost in a great forest.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins encounter a tuxix.
At some point in time, the tuxix looks like a spiny turtle.
At some point in time, the tuxix is a magician.
At some point in time, the tuxix is a sorcerer.
At some point in time, the tuxix is a wizard.
At some point in time, the tuxix is a witch.
At some point in time, the tuxix casts a spell on Twinkle and Chubbins.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins are transformed into little bird-like beings.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins have their own heads.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins have the bodies of skylarks.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins resemble the human-headed, bird-bodied sirins of Russian folklore.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins resemble the human-headed, bird-bodied alkonosts of Russian folklore.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins resemble the human-headed, bird-bodied gamayuns of Russian folklore.
At some point in time, Policeman Bluejay leads Twinkle and Chubbins on a flight through the sky.
At some point in time, Policeman Bluejay is the force of order in the avian world of the forest.
At some point in time, Policeman Bluejay esconces Twinkle and Chubbins in an abandoned thrush's nest.
At some point in time, Policeman Bluejay uses the help of a friendly eagle.
At some point in time, the friendly eagle retrieves Twinkle and Chubbins' picnic basket.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins do not have to eat bugs, worms, and grubs.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins learn of their new maple-tree neighbors.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins' new maple-tree neighbors include a squirrel.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins' new maple-tree neighbors include an owl.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins' new maple-tree neighbors include an o'possum.
At some point in time, Policeman Bluejay introduces Twinkle and Chubbins to the community of birds.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins see that the world of living beings in the forest has structure.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins see that the world of living beings in the forest has relationships.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins see that the world of living beings in the forest has conflict.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins hear stories of human cruelty to animals.
At some point in time, hunters enter the forest.
At some point in time, the hunters kill Mrs. 'Possum.
At some point in time, the hunters kill Mrs. Hootaway.
At some point in time, the hunters kill Wisk the squirrel.
At some point in time, Twinkle tries to protest.
At some point in time, Twinkle can only make a skylark's chirp.
At some point in time, the hunters' dog almost catches Twinkle.
At some point in time, the eagle swoops down.
At some point in time, the eagle kills the hunters' dog.
At some point in time, the eagle leads Twinkle and Chubbins to safety.
At some point in time, the eagle takes Twinkle and Chubbins up to his eyrie.
At some point in time, the eagle's hungry hatchlings want to eat Twinkle and Chubbins for breakfast.
At some point in time, Baum acknowledges that animals have to prey upon each other to survive.
At some point in time, Baum maintains that love is the Grand Law of the forest.
At some point in time, Policeman Bluejay escorts Twinkle and Chubbins to a safer location.
At some point in time, Policeman Bluejay takes Twinkle and Chubbins to the Paradise of Birds.
The contentions and violence of the forest never penetrate the Paradise of Birds.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins are given a tour of the splendors of the Paradise of Birds.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins meet the King Bird of Paradise.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins are introduced to the community of bees.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins meet the Queen Bee.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins witness a spectacular flight of butterflies.
At some point in time, there is trouble in birdland beyond Paradise.
At some point in time, Policeman Bluejay must cope with a rebellion among the rooks.
At some point in time, the rooks would make the other birds their slaves.
At some point in time, the smaller birds beat the rooks in a battle by uniting.
At some point in time, the King Bird of Paradise has told Twinkle and Chubbins that they can restore themselves to human form.
At some point in time, the King Bird of Paradise has told Twinkle and Chubbins that they can restore themselves to human form by eating a fruit called tingle-berries.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins eat tingle-berries.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins return to their normal bodies.
At some point in time, Chubbins almost gets stuck halfway.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins make their way home.
At some point in time, Twinkle and Chubbins make their way home in the waning light of evening.