At some point in time, Pascal is a physician in Plassans for 30 years.
At some point in time, Pascal has spent his life cataloging and chronicling the lives of his family.
At some point in time, Pascal's cataloging is based on his theories of heredity.
At some point in time, Pascal believes that everyone's physical health can be classified based on the interplay between innateness and heredity.
At some point in time, Pascal believes that everyone's mental health can be classified based on the interplay between innateness and heredity.
At some point in time, Pascal believes that everyone's development can be classified based on the interplay between innateness and heredity.
At some point in time, innateness is defined as the reproduction of characteristics based in difference.
At some point in time, heredity is defined as the reproduction based in similarity.
At some point in time, Pascal classifies the 30 descendants of his grandmother Adelaïde Fouque (Tante Dide) based on his model.
At some point in time, Pascal has developed a serum.
At some point in time, Pascal hopes that his serum will cure hereditary diseases.
At some point in time, Pascal hopes that his serum will cure nervous diseases.
At some point in time, Pascal hopes that his serum will improve life.
At some point in time, Pascal hopes that his serum will prolong life.
At some point in time, Clotilde sees Pascal's work as denying the omnipotence of God.
At some point in time, Clotilde sees Pascal's work as a prideful attempt to comprehend the unknowable.
At some point in time, Clotilde encourages Pascal to destroy his work.
At some point in time, Pascal refuses to destroy his work.
At some point in time, Pascal is somewhat obsessive in the pursuit of his passion.
At some point in time, Pascal explains his goal as a scientist as laying the groundwork for happiness and peace.
At some point in time, Pascal's goal involves seeking and uncovering the truth.
At some point in time, Pascal believes that the truth lies in the science of heredity.
At some point in time, Clotilde begins to agree with Pascal after he shows her the Rougon-Macquart family tree.
At some point in time, Clotilde begins to agree with Pascal after he demonstrates his refusal to sugarcoat the family's acts.
At some point in time, Clotilde's love for Pascal solidifies her faith in his theories.
At some point in time, Clotilde's love for Pascal solidifies her faith in his lifelong work.
At some point in time, Clotilde and Pascal eventually begin a romance.
At some point in time, Félicité is chagrined by Clotilde and Pascal's romance.
At some point in time, Félicité is less concerned about the incestuous nature of Clotilde and Pascal's relationship.
At some point in time, Félicité is more concerned about Clotilde and Pascal living together out of wedlock.
At some point in time, Félicité wants to keep the family secrets buried at any cost.
At some point in time, Félicité wants to keep several family skeletons buried at any cost.
At some point in time, Antoine Macquart is Félicité's alcoholic brother-in-law.
At some point in time, Tante Dide is Félicité's centenarian mother-in-law.
At some point in time, Félicité sees Clotilde's brother Maxime asking Clotilde to come to Paris as an opportunity to control Pascal.
At some point in time, Félicité sees Clotilde's brother Maxime asking Clotilde to come to Paris as an opportunity to access Pascal's papers.
At some point in time, Félicité sees Clotilde's brother Maxime asking Clotilde to come to Paris as an opportunity to destroy Pascal's papers.
At some point in time, Pascal suffers a series of heart attacks.
At some point in time, Clotilde is not able to return from Paris before Pascal dies.
At some point in time, Félicité immediately burns all of Pascal's scholarly work.
At some point in time, Félicité immediately burns the documents she considers incriminating.
At some point in time, the novel concludes with the birth of Pascal and Clotilde's son.
At some point in time, the novel concludes with hope placed on Pascal and Clotilde's son for the future of the family.
At some point in time, the entire 20-novel series concludes with the birth of Pascal and Clotilde's son.
At some point in time, the entire 20-novel series concludes with hope placed on Pascal and Clotilde's son for the future of the family.