At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger inherits his uncle's estate worth more than one million pounds.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger must live for a year in his uncle's castle in the Land of the Blue Mountains on the Dalmatian coast to inherit the estate.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger tries to win the trust of the conservative mountaineer population.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger uses his fortune to buy modern arms for the conservative mountaineer population.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger buys modern arms from a South American country that has unexpectedly found itself at peace.
At some point in time, the conservative mountaineer population is fighting against Turkish invasion.
At some point in time, the story was written shortly before the Balkan Wars.
At some point in time, a pale woman wearing a wet shroud visits Rupert Saint Leger in his room in the castle on a wet night.
At some point in time, the pale woman seeks warmth from Rupert Saint Leger.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger lets the pale woman dry herself before his fire.
At some point in time, the pale woman flees before morning.
At some point in time, the pale woman visits Rupert Saint Leger several more times.
At some point in time, the pale woman visits Rupert Saint Leger only at night.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger and the pale woman hardly speak.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger falls in love with the pale woman.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger thinks the pale woman is a vampire.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger visits the local church.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger finds the pale woman in a glass-topped stone coffin in the crypt of the local church.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger declares his love for the pale woman, be she living or undead.
At some point in time, the pale woman arranges the marriage in an Orthodox ceremony conducted by candlelight in the local church one night.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger does not know the pale woman's name.
At some point in time, the pale woman says she must still live alone in the crypt for the present.
At some point in time, the pale woman is kidnapped by a forward party of Turkish troops.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger learns that the pale woman is named Teuta.
At some point in time, Teuta is the living daughter of the local Voivode.
At some point in time, the local Voivode is currently returning from a visit to America.
At some point in time, Teuta had fallen into a trance.
At some point in time, Teuta was declared dead.
At some point in time, Teuta was revived after being declared dead.
At some point in time, the local leaders and clergy spread a story of vampirism about Teuta.
At some point in time, the story of vampirism was more acceptable to the uneducated locals than the truth.
At some point in time, Teuta spent her days in the coffin in the crypt.
At some point in time, Teuta came out seeking warmth in the castle during heavy rain when the crypt flooded.
At some point in time, Teuta grew up in the castle.
At some point in time, Teuta knew all the secret entrances of the castle.
At some point in time, Teuta had meetings with Rupert Saint Leger behind locked gates.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger leads a relief force.
At some point in time, the relief force kills Teuta's kidnappers.
At some point in time, the relief force rescues Teuta.
At some point in time, news arrives that the Voivode has just returned to the country.
At some point in time, the Voivode is kidnapped by Turks himself.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger and the relief force race back to the coast.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger unloads an aeroplane with a near-silent engine from the munitions ship.
At some point in time, the munitions ship has just arrived.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger unloads sets of bullet-proof clothes from the munitions ship.
At some point in time, the kidnapped Voivode is tracked to a nearby castle ruin.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger pilots the plane onto the castle wall as if it were a balloon or dirigible.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger lowers Teuta by rope to her father.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger dons a set of bullet-proof clothes.
At some point in time, Teuta and Rupert Saint Leger are also wearing bullet-proof clothes.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger hauls both Teuta and himself up to the aircraft.
At some point in time, Rupert Saint Leger silently flies off in the aircraft.
At some point in time, the castle is then attacked by local troops.
At some point in time, the Turks are defeated.
At some point in time, Teuta subsequently reveals her marriage to Rupert Saint Leger to her father.
At some point in time, Teuta's father welcomes Rupert Saint Leger into the family.
At some point in time, Teuta's father welcomes Rupert Saint Leger into the country.