At some point in time, Christine triumphs at the gala on the night of the old managers' retirement.
At some point in time, Raoul hears Christine sing at the gala.
At some point in time, Raoul recalls his love for Christine.
At some point in time, there are rumors of a phantom living at the Opera.
At some point in time, the phantom makes himself known to the managers through letters and malevolent acts.
At some point in time, the Paris Opera performs Faust some time after the gala.
At some point in time, Carlotta plays the lead in Faust against the Phantom's wishes.
At some point in time, Carlotta loses her voice during the performance of Faust.
At some point in time, the grand chandelier plummets into the audience during the performance of Faust.
At some point in time, the phantom kidnaps Christine.
At some point in time, the phantom takes Christine to his home in the cellars of the Opera.
At some point in time, the phantom identifies himself as Erik.
At some point in time, Erik plans to keep Christine in his home for a few days.
At some point in time, Erik hopes that Christine will come to love him.
At some point in time, Christine unmasks Erik.
At some point in time, Christine beholds Erik's noseless, lipless, sunken-eyed face.
At some point in time, Erik's face resembles a skull dried up by the centuries.
At some point in time, Erik's face is covered in yellowed dead flesh.
At some point in time, Erik fears that Christine will leave him.
At some point in time, Erik decides to keep Christine with him forever.
At some point in time, Christine requests release from Erik after two weeks.
At some point in time, Erik agrees to release Christine on the condition that she wear his ring.
At some point in time, Erik requires Christine to be faithful to him.
At some point in time, Christine tells Raoul that Erik abducted her.
At some point in time, Raoul promises to take Christine away to a place where Erik can never find her.
At some point in time, Raoul tells Christine he shall act on his promise the next day.
At some point in time, Christine agrees to Raoul's promise.
At some point in time, Christine has pity for Erik.
At some point in time, Christine will not go until she has sung a song for Erik one last time.
At some point in time, Erik has been listening to Christine and Raoul's conversation.
At some point in time, Erik has become extremely jealous.
At some point in time, Erik kidnaps Christine during a production of Faust.
At some point in time, Erik tries to force Christine to marry him.
At some point in time, Erik states that if Christine refuses, he will use explosives to destroy the entire opera house.
At some point in time, Christine refuses Erik's marriage proposal.
At some point in time, Christine realizes that Erik has trapped Raoul in a hot torture chamber.
At some point in time, Raoul is trapped in a hot torture chamber.
At some point in time, the Persian is trapped in a hot torture chamber.
At some point in time, Christine agrees to marry Erik to save Raoul and the Persian.
At some point in time, Erik initially tries to drown Raoul and the Persian.
At some point in time, Erik uses water which would have been used to douse the explosives to try to drown Raoul and the Persian.
At some point in time, Christine begs Erik not to drown Raoul and the Persian.
At some point in time, Christine offers to be Erik's "living bride".
At some point in time, Christine promises Erik not to kill herself after becoming his bride.
At some point in time, Christine has contemplated killing herself earlier in the novel.
At some point in time, Christine has attempted to kill herself earlier in the novel.
At some point in time, Erik eventually rescues Raoul and the Persian from the torture chamber.
At some point in time, Erik lifts his mask to kiss Christine on her forehead.
At some point in time, Christine kisses Erik back on his forehead.
At some point in time, Erik reveals that he has never received a kiss.
At some point in time, Erik has never been allowed to give a kiss.
At some point in time, Erik is overcome with emotion.
At some point in time, Erik and Christine cry together.
At some point in time, Erik and Christine's tears mingle.
At some point in time, Erik expresses that he has never felt so close to another human being.
At some point in time, Erik allows the Persian and Raoul to escape.
At some point in time, Erik makes Christine promise that she will visit him on his death day.
At some point in time, Erik makes Christine promise to return the gold ring he gave her.
At some point in time, Erik makes the Persian promise to report his death to the newspaper.
At some point in time, Erik states that he will die soon.
At some point in time, Erik states that he will die "of love".
At some point in time, Christine returns to Erik's lair some time later.
At some point in time, Christine buries Erik somewhere he will never be found.
At some point in time, Christine buries Erik by Erik's request.
At some point in time, Christine returns the gold ring to Erik.
At some point in time, a local newspaper runs the simple note: "Erik is dead".