At some point in time, many of the events of the novel are narrated twice.
At some point in time, the 'editor' gives his account of the facts as he understands them to be.
At some point in time, the 'sinner' narrates in his own words.
At some point in time, the 'Editor's Narrative' starts in 1687.
At some point in time, Rabina Orde marries George Colwan, Laird of Dalcastle.
At some point in time, Rabina Orde despises George Colwan.
At some point in time, Rabina Orde despises George Colwan because he falls short of her extreme religious beliefs.
At some point in time, George Colwan loves dancing.
At some point in time, George Colwan has a penchant for drinking alcohol.
At some point in time, Rabina Orde initially flees George Colwan.
At some point in time, Rabina Orde's father forces her back to George Colwan.
At some point in time, Rabina Orde and George Colwan live separately in one house.
At some point in time, Rabina Orde gives birth to two sons.
At some point in time, the first son is named George.
At some point in time, George is indisputably the son of George Colwan.
At some point in time, it is strongly implied that Robert is fathered by Reverend Wringhim.
At some point in time, Reverend Wringhim is Rabina Orde’s spiritual adviser.
At some point in time, Reverend Wringhim is Rabina Orde’s close confidante.
At some point in time, Robert is the second son of Rabina Orde.
At some point in time, George Colwan is raised by George Colwan.
At some point in time, George Colwan becomes a popular young man.
At some point in time, George Colwan enjoys sport.
At some point in time, George Colwan enjoys the company of his friends.
At some point in time, Robert is educated by Rabina Orde.
At some point in time, Robert is educated by Reverend Wringhim.
At some point in time, Robert is brought up to follow Wringhim’s radical antinomian sect of Calvinism.
At some point in time, Wringhim’s radical antinomian sect of Calvinism holds that only certain elect people are predestined to be saved by God.
At some point in time, the chosen few will have a heavenly reward regardless of how their lives are lived.
At some point in time, George Colwan and Robert meet in Edinburgh.
At some point in time, Robert starts following George Colwan through the town.
At some point in time, Robert mocks George Colwan.
At some point in time, Robert provokes George Colwan.
At some point in time, Robert disrupts George Colwan's life.
At some point in time, Robert appears to have the ability to appear wherever George Colwan is.
At some point in time, George Colwan sees a vision of Robert in the sky.
At some point in time, George Colwan turns to find Robert behind him.
At some point in time, Robert is preparing to throw George Colwan off a cliff.
At some point in time, Robert rejects any friendly advances from George Colwan.
At some point in time, George Colwan is murdered by being stabbed in the back.
At some point in time, George Colwan is murdered during a duel with one of his drinking acquaintances.
At some point in time, the only witnesses to George Colwan's murder are a prostitute and her despicable client.
At some point in time, the prostitute and her despicable client claim that the culprit was Robert.
At some point in time, the prostitute and her despicable client claim that Robert was aided by what appears to be the double of George Colwan’s friend.
At some point in time, Robert disappears before he can be arrested.
At some point in time, the second part of the novel consists of Robert's account of his life.
At some point in time, Robert's account of his life purports to be a document.
At some point in time, the document is part-handwritten and part-printed.
At some point in time, the document was found after Robert's death.
At some point in time, the document recounts Robert's childhood under the influence of Reverend Wringhim.
At some point in time, the document explains how Robert becomes in thrall to an enigmatic companion.
At some point in time, the enigmatic companion says his name is Gil-Martin.
At some point in time, Gil-Martin could be seen to be the Devil.
At some point in time, Gil-Martin appears after Reverend Wringhim declares Robert to be a member of 'the elect'.
At some point in time, Gil-Martin declares Robert is predestined to eternal salvation.
At some point in time, Gil-Martin is able to transform his appearance at will.
At some point in time, Gil-Martin directs all of Robert’s pre-existing tendencies and beliefs to evil purposes.
At some point in time, Gil-Martin convinces Robert that it is his mission to “cut sinners off with the sword.”
At some point in time, Gil-Martin convinces Robert that murder can be the correct course of action.
At some point in time, Robert falls into the delusion that he is Peter the Great of Russia.
At some point in time, Peter the Great of Russia visited England about that time.
At some point in time, the confession traces Robert's gradual decline into despair and madness.
At some point in time, Robert's doubts about the righteousness of his cause are counteracted by Gil-Martin’s increasing domination over his life.
At some point in time, Robert loses control over his own identity.
At some point in time, Robert loses track of time.
At some point in time, during lost weeks and months, it is suggested that Gil-Martin assumes Robert’s appearance.
At some point in time, Gil-Martin is suggested to commit further crimes.
At some point in time, there are suggestions that 'Gil-Martin' is a figment of Robert's imagination.
At some point in time, 'Gil-Martin' is simply an aspect of Robert's own personality.
At some point in time, the sinner writes, 'I feel as if I were the same person' as Gil-Martin.
At some point in time, Robert flees.
At some point in time, Robert is pursued and tormented by devils.
At some point in time, Robert can find refuge only as a shepherd.
At some point in time, Robert hangs himself with a grass rope.
At some point in time, it is suggested that Robert is aided by devils.
At some point in time, the novel concludes with a return to the 'Editor's Narrative'.
At some point in time, the 'Editor's Narrative' explains how the sinner's memoir was discovered in his grave.
At some point in time, Hogg appears as himself in the final section.
At some point in time, Hogg expresses scorn of the project to open the grave.