At some point in time, an unnamed narrator befriends an old "Hispano-American" gentleman.
The old "Hispano-American" gentleman never speaks of his past.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator's interest is piqued.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator elicits the story from the old "Hispano-American" gentleman.
At some point in time, Abel is a young man of wealth.
At some point in time, Abel fails at a revolution.
At some point in time, Abel flees Caracas into the uncharted forests of Guayana.
At some point in time, Abel survives fever.
At some point in time, Abel fails at journal-keeping.
At some point in time, Abel fails at gold hunting.
At some point in time, Abel settles in an Indian village.
At some point in time, Abel wastes away his life.
At some point in time, Abel plays guitar for old Cla-Cla.
At some point in time, Abel hunts badly with Kua-kó.
At some point in time, Abel tells stories to the children.
At some point in time, Abel discovers an enchanting forest.
At some point in time, Abel hears a strange bird-like singing in the forest.
At some point in time, Abel's Indian friends avoid the forest.
At some point in time, the forest has an evil spirit-protector called "the Daughter of the Didi."
At some point in time, Abel persists in the search for the forest.
At some point in time, Abel finds Rima the Bird Girl.
At some point in time, Rima has dark hair.
At some point in time, Rima wears a smock of spider webs.
At some point in time, Rima can communicate with birds in an unknown tongue.
At some point in time, Rima shields a coral snake.
At some point in time, Abel is bitten by a coral snake.
At some point in time, Abel falls unconscious.
At some point in time, Abel awakens in the hut of Nuflo.
At some point in time, Nuflo is an old man.
At some point in time, Nuflo protects his "granddaughter" Rima.
At some point in time, Nuflo won't reveal Rima's origin.
At some point in time, Rima leads Abel through the forest.
At some point in time, Abel wonders about Rima's identity.
At some point in time, Abel wonders about Rima's place of origin.
At some point in time, Abel returns to the Indians.
At some point in time, relations between Abel and the Indians become icy.
At some point in time, the Indians would kill Rima if they could.
At some point in time, Rima often speaks of her dead mother.
At some point in time, Rima's dead mother was always depressed.
At some point in time, Abel falls in love with Rima.
At some point in time, Rima is 17 years old.
At some point in time, Rima is a stranger to white men.
At some point in time, Rima is confused by "odd feelings."
At some point in time, Abel cannot speak Rima's unknown language.
At some point in time, Rima questions Abel about "the world" known and unknown.
At some point in time, Rima asks Abel if she is unique and alone.
At some point in time, Abel reveals to Rima that it is true she is unique and alone.
At some point in time, Abel mentions the storied mountains of Riolama.
At some point in time, Rima perks up when Abel mentions Riolama.
At some point in time, "Riolama" is Rima's real name.
At some point in time, Nuflo must know where Riolama is.
At some point in time, Rima demands Nuflo to guide her to Riolama.
At some point in time, Rima threatens Nuflo with eternal damnation from her sainted mother.
At some point in time, Nuflo is old, guilty, and religious.
At some point in time, Nuflo caves in to Rima's pressure.
At some point in time, Abel pays a last visit to the Indians.
At some point in time, the Indians capture Abel as a prisoner.
At some point in time, the Indians suspect Abel is a spy for an enemy tribe.
At some point in time, the Indians suspect Abel consorts with demons.
At some point in time, Abel manages to escape.
At some point in time, Abel returns to Rima and Nuflo.
At some point in time, Abel, Rima, and Nuflo trek to distant Riolama.
At some point in time, Nuflo reveals his past along the way.
At some point in time, Nuflo reveals Rima's origin.
At some point in time, seventeen years ago, Nuflo led bandits.
At some point in time, the bandits preyed on Christians and Indians.
At some point in time, the bandits were eventually forced to flee to the mountains.
At some point in time, the bandits found a cave to live in.
At some point in time, a strange woman speaking a bird-like language hid in the cave.
At some point in time, the strange woman was to be Rima's mother.
At some point in time, Rima's mother is never named.
At some point in time, Nuflo assumed the strange woman was a saint.
At some point in time, Nuflo left the bandits.
At some point in time, Nuflo carried Rima's mother to Voa.
At some point in time, Voa is a Christian community.
At some point in time, Nuflo delivered Rima to Voa.
At some point in time, Rima and her mother talked in their magical language for seven years.
At some point in time, Rima's mother wasted away in the dampness.
At some point in time, Rima's mother died.
At some point in time, Nuflo brought Rima to the drier mountains as contrition.
At some point in time, the local Indians found Rima queer.
At some point in time, the local Indians resented how Rima chased off game animals.
At some point in time, the local Indians tried to kill Rima.
At some point in time, a mis-shot dart killed an Indian.
At some point in time, the local Indians fled Rima's "magic."
At some point in time, Rima is eager to enter Riolama valley.
At some point in time, Abel reveals sad news to Rima.
At some point in time, Rima's mother left because nothing remained.
At some point in time, Rima's mother belonged to a gentle, vegetarian people.
At some point in time, the gentle, vegetarian people had no weapons.
At some point in time, the gentle, vegetarian people were wiped out by Indians, plague, and other causes.
At some point in time, Rima is indeed unique and alone.
At some point in time, Rima is saddened by the news.
At some point in time, Rima suspected her mother was always depressed.
At some point in time, Rima decides to return to the forest.
At some point in time, Rima decides to prepare a life for herself and Abel.
At some point in time, Rima flits away.
At some point in time, Abel frets as he and Nuflo walk home.
At some point in time, Abel and Nuflo are delayed by rain and hunger.
At some point in time, Abel and Nuflo return to find the forest silent.
At some point in time, Nuflo's hut is burned down.
At some point in time, Indians are hunting game.
At some point in time, Abel is exhausted.
At some point in time, Abel is taken prisoner again.
At some point in time, Abel isn't killed.
At some point in time, Abel quickly makes a vow to go to war against the enemy tribe.
At some point in time, Abel drops hints about Rima and her whereabouts on the war trail.
At some point in time, Kua-Ko explains how the Indians dared enter the forbidden forest.
At some point in time, the Indians caught Rima in the open.
At some point in time, the Indians chased Rima up the giant tree.
At some point in time, the Indians heaped brush underneath the giant tree.
At some point in time, the Indians burned Rima.
At some point in time, Abel kills Kua-kó.
At some point in time, Abel runs to the enemy tribe.
At some point in time, Abel sounds the alarm.
At some point in time, days later, Abel returns.
At some point in time, all of Abel's Indian friends are dead.
At some point in time, Abel finds the giant tree burned.
At some point in time, Abel collects Rima's ashes in a pot.
At some point in time, Abel treks homeward.
At some point in time, Abel is despondent.
At some point in time, Abel hallucinates.
At some point in time, Abel is helped by Indians and Christians.
At some point in time, Abel reaches the sea.
At some point in time, Abel is sane and healthy again.
At some point in time, Abel is now an old man.
At some point in time, Abel's only ambition is to be buried with Rima's ashes.
At some point in time, Abel believes neither God nor man can forgive his sins.
At some point in time, Abel believes gentle Rima would forgive him.
At some point in time, Abel believes he must forgive himself.