At some point in time, Bartley Alexander is a construction engineer.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander is a world-renowned builder of bridges.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander is undergoing a mid-life crisis.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander is married to Winifred Alexander.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander resumes his acquaintance with Hilda Burgoyne.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne is a former lover of Bartley Alexander.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne is located in London.
At some point in time, the affair with Hilda Burgoyne gnaws at Bartley Alexander's sense of propriety.
At some point in time, the affair with Hilda Burgoyne gnaws at Bartley Alexander's sense of honor.
At some point in time, Professor Wilson arrives at the Alexanders' house in Boston.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander persuaded Professor Wilson to attend a Congress of Psychologists.
At some point in time, Winifred Alexander greets Professor Wilson.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander comes home after Professor Wilson arrives.
At some point in time, Winifred Alexander plays the piano for Bartley Alexander and Professor Wilson.
At some point in time, Winifred Alexander tells Professor Wilson how she met Bartley Alexander.
At some point in time, Winifred Alexander met Bartley Alexander through her aunt.
At some point in time, the Alexanders prepare for Christmas dinner on Christmas Eve.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander tells Professor Wilson he is having trouble with a bridge in Canada.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander gives Winifred Alexander pearl earrings.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander makes ready to leave for London on New Year's Day.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander endures sharp gales on the ship.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander goes into a bar on the ship.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander gambles at bridge in the bar.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander visits Hilda Burgoyne in London.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander tells Hilda Burgoyne he cannot go on having two relationships.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander tells Hilda Burgoyne she must forget about him.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne is distressed.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander takes Hilda Burgoyne out to dinner the day before he is due to return to America.
At some point in time, Hugh MacConnell walks Hilda Burgoyne back to her house on a foggy day.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne says she isn't attracted to Hugh MacConnell.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne and Hugh MacConnell are just close friends.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne receives a letter from Bartley Alexander in her house.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander's letter says he is going mad away from Hilda Burgoyne.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne visits Bartley Alexander in America.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne tells Bartley Alexander she will marry another man.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander doesn't like the idea of Hilda Burgoyne marrying another man.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne and Bartley Alexander spend one last evening together.
At some point in time, Philip Horton calls Bartley Alexander to Canada to inspect the bridge.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander discovers that one of the lower chords of the bridge is failing.
At some point in time, the failing lower chord compromises the structural integrity of the entire bridge.
At some point in time, Philip Horton attempted to contact Bartley Alexander earlier.
At some point in time, Philip Horton attempted to contact Bartley Alexander on the very day Bartley Alexander was with Hilda Burgoyne.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander is on the bridge stopping the work crews.
At some point in time, the bridge collapses while Bartley Alexander is on it.
At some point in time, the bridge collapse kills many of the workers.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander's body is recovered the next day.
At some point in time, Bartley Alexander's body is taken to Philip Horton's house.
At some point in time, Winifred Alexander comes back to make arrangements for Bartley Alexander's corpse.
At some point in time, Wilson visits Hilda Burgoyne.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne expresses her envy of Winifred Alexander.
At some point in time, Wilson reminds Hilda Burgoyne that Winifred Alexander is now bereft.
At some point in time, Wilson reminds Hilda Burgoyne that Winifred Alexander will be haunted by Bartley Alexander's death.
At some point in time, Hilda Burgoyne concludes that she will be haunted by Bartley Alexander's death too.