At some point in time, Dr. Samuel Ferguson is a scholar and explorer.
At some point in time, Joe is Dr. Samuel Ferguson's manservant.
At some point in time, Richard "Dick" Kennedy is Dr. Samuel Ferguson's friend and a professional hunter.
At some point in time, Dr. Samuel Ferguson sets out to travel across the African continent.
The African continent is still not fully explored.
At some point in time, Dr. Samuel Ferguson uses a balloon filled with hydrogen for the travel.
At some point in time, Dr. Samuel Ferguson has invented a mechanism that eliminates the need to release gas or throw ballast overboard to control altitude.
At some point in time, the mechanism allows very long trips to be taken.
At some point in time, the voyage is meant to link together the voyages of Sir Richard Burton and John Hanning Speke in East Africa.
At some point in time, the voyage is meant to link together the voyages of Heinrich Barth in the regions of the Sahara and Chad.
At some point in time, the trip begins in Zanzibar on the east coast of Africa.
At some point in time, the trip passes across Lake Victoria.
At some point in time, the trip passes across Lake Chad.
At some point in time, the trip passes through Agadez.
At some point in time, the trip passes through Timbuktu.
At some point in time, the trip passes through Djenné.
At some point in time, the trip passes through Ségou.
At some point in time, the trip ends in St Louis in modern-day Senegal on the west coast of Africa.
At some point in time, the book describes the unknown interior of Africa near modern-day Central African Republic as a desert.
The unknown interior of Africa near modern-day Central African Republic is actually savanna.
At some point in time, a good deal of the initial exploration focuses on finding the source of the Nile.
At some point in time, the event of finding the source of the Nile occurs in chapter 18 out of 43.
At some point in time, the second leg of the trip is to link up with other explorers.
At some point in time, there are numerous scenes of adventure in the story.
At some point in time, some scenes of adventure involve a conflict with a native.
At some point in time, some scenes of adventure involve a conflict with the environment.
At some point in time, one scene involves rescuing a missionary from a tribe that was preparing to sacrifice him.
At some point in time, one scene involves running out of water while stranded, windless, over the Sahara.
At some point in time, one scene involves an attack on the balloon by condors.
At some point in time, Joe leaps out of the balloon during the attack by condors.
At some point in time, actions are taken to rescue Joe later.
At some point in time, the protagonists narrowly escape the remnants of a militant army.
At some point in time, the balloon dwindles to nothingness with the loss of hydrogen.
At some point in time, an anachronistic killing of a Bluebuck antelope occurs in the story.
The Bluebuck antelope species was already extinct at the time of the story.
At some point in time, the protagonists overcome challenges by continued perseverance.
At some point in time, the novel is filled with coincidental moments.
At some point in time, trouble is avoided because wind catches up at just the right time.
At some point in time, trouble is avoided because the characters look in just the right direction.
At some point in time, there are frequent references to a higher power watching out for the protagonists.
At some point in time, the balloon ultimately fails before the end of the story.
At some point in time, the balloon makes it far enough across to get the protagonists to friendly lands.
At some point in time, the balloon eventually gets the protagonists back to England.
At some point in time, the expedition succeeds.
At some point in time, the story abruptly ends after the African trip.
At some point in time, the story includes only a brief synopsis of what follows after the African trip.