At some point in time, this work describes the author's views on the afterlife against the prevailing view of the Greco-Romans of his day.
At some point in time, the author asserts that Hades is a place in the world not regularly finished.
At some point in time, Hades is a subterraneous region.
At some point in time, the light of this world does not shine in Hades.
At some point in time, there must be perpetual darkness in Hades.
At some point in time, Hades is allotted as a place of custody for souls.
At some point in time, angels are appointed as guardians to souls in Hades.
At some point in time, angels distribute temporary punishments to souls in Hades.
At some point in time, the temporary punishments are agreeable to every soul's behavior and manners.
At some point in time, the author describes Hades as having a lake of unquenchable fire.
At some point in time, God prepared the lake of unquenchable fire for a future date of judgment.
At some point in time, both the just and unjust dead are confined in separate portions of Hades.
At some point in time, all dead go through a gate guarded by an archangel with a host.
At some point in time, the just are guided to the right hand toward a region of light called the Bosom of Abraham.
At some point in time, the unjust are violently forced toward the left hand by angels.
At some point in time, the place for the unjust is characterized by fire.
At some point in time, the place for the unjust emits hot vapor.
At some point in time, the unjust can see the just but cannot pass over to them.
At some point in time, a chaos deep and large serves as a barrier between the just and unjust.
At some point in time, the author assures the Greeks he is addressing that God will resurrect the dead.
At some point in time, God will raise again the bodies of the dead.
God will not transmigrate the souls of the dead to different bodies.
At some point in time, the author likens the dead body to sown seed.
At some point in time, the author likens the dead body to material cast into a potter's furnace.
At some point in time, the dead body will be formed again.
At some point in time, when clothed with their pure resurrected bodies, the just will no longer be subject to disease or misery.
At some point in time, the unjust will receive their bodies unchanged.
At some point in time, the unjust will retain their original diseases.
At some point in time, all just and unjust will be brought before Jesus Christ.
At some point in time, Jesus Christ will come as Judge.
At some point in time, the author dismisses Minos and Rhadamanthus as arbiters of mankind's fate.
At some point in time, Christ will exercise the righteous judgment of the Father towards all men.
At some point in time, the wicked will receive everlasting punishment.
At some point in time, the righteous will receive eternal bliss.
At some point in time, the author exhorts his audience to believe in God.
At some point in time, believing in God allows participation in the reward of the just.
At some point in time, the final paragraph quotes an alleged saying of Christ.
At some point in time, the alleged saying of Christ is "In whatsoever ways I shall find you, in them shall I judge you entirely."
At some point in time, if a person living a virtuous life falls into sin, his virtue will not help him escape punishment.
At some point in time, a wicked person who repents in time may still recover as from a distemper.