At some point in time, the novel is intensely autobiographical.
At some point in time, Rihani immigrated as a child.
At some point in time, the novel tells the story of two boys.
At some point in time, the boys are named Khalid and Shakib.
At some point in time, Khalid and Shakib are from Baalbek in Lebanon.
At some point in time, Baalbek was part of the Syrian province of the Ottoman Empire at the time.
At some point in time, Khalid and Shakib migrate together to the United States.
At some point in time, Khalid and Shakib come by ship through Ellis Island.
At some point in time, Khalid and Shakib endure the classic "Via Dolorosa" of an immigrant.
At some point in time, Khalid and Shakib move into a wet cellar.
At some point in time, the wet cellar is in the Little Syria community of Lower Manhattan.
At some point in time, the wet cellar is near Battery Park.
At some point in time, Khalid and Shakib begin to peddle counterfeit Holy Land trinkets.
At some point in time, Khalid and Shakib peddle religious items throughout the city.
At some point in time, peddling counterfeit Holy Land trinkets and religious items is a typical Arab endeavor in America.
At some point in time, Shakib is focused on accumulating savings through peddling.
At some point in time, Shakib is a poet.
At some point in time, Khalid becomes distracted.
At some point in time, Khalid turns away from commercial activity.
At some point in time, Khalid frantically consumes Western literature.
At some point in time, Khalid participates in the New York City intellectual and bohemian scene.
At some point in time, Khalid burns his peddling box.
At some point in time, Khalid decries the dishonesty of their sales.
At some point in time, Khalid shifts towards party politics after exhaustion from reckless "bohemian" pursuits.
At some point in time, Khalid is offered the position of a functionary and ward for the Arab community.
At some point in time, the position is in the machine politics of the city.
At some point in time, Khalid insists on moral purity in his political work.
At some point in time, Khalid's insistence on moral purity causes conflict with his "Boss."
At some point in time, Khalid is jailed for a brief time of ten days.
At some point in time, Shakib helps secure Khalid's release.
At some point in time, Khalid is jailed under the charge of misapplying public funds.
At some point in time, Khalid and Shakib decide to return to Lebanon before long.
At some point in time, Khalid shifts back to intense peddling for a time.
At some point in time, Khalid pays off his accumulated debts.
At some point in time, Khalid earns funds for return passage.
At some point in time, Christoph Schumann has stated that the subsequent course of events mirrors the progress of Khalid's American experience.
At some point in time, the progress of Khalid's American experience includes spiritual retreat, political activism, and persecution.
At some point in time, Khalid engages in a series of actions that anger Maronite clerics in his home city.
At some point in time, Khalid refuses to attend church services.
At some point in time, Khalid spreads pamphlets and ideas seen as heretical.
At some point in time, Khalid presses his wish to marry Najma.
At some point in time, Najma is a young cousin of Khalid.
At some point in time, church leaders refuse to grant consent for Khalid to marry Najma.
At some point in time, Khalid is excommunicated as a result of the growing conflict.
At some point in time, Najma is forced to marry another man.
At some point in time, Khalid moves to the mountain forests.
At some point in time, Khalid starts to live as a hermit.
At some point in time, during the period of exile, Khalid contemplates nature.
At some point in time, Khalid integrates lessons learned in America with his views on the cultural and political dilemmas of the Arab world.
At some point in time, Khalid evolves into a self-identified "voice" for the Arabs.
At some point in time, Khalid chooses to return to spread his views on liberation from the Ottoman Empire.
At some point in time, Khalid emphasizes the importance of religious unity and scientific progress.
At some point in time, Khalid travels to different cities.
At some point in time, Khalid engages in political and spiritual speech during his travels.
At some point in time, Khalid periodically writes letters to Shakib.
At some point in time, Khalid meets an American Baha'i woman named Mrs. Gotfry.
At some point in time, Khalid discursively engages with Mrs. Gotfry on questions of love and religion.
At some point in time, Khalid travels to Damascus.
At some point in time, Khalid speaks in the Great Mosque about his views of the West.
At some point in time, Khalid speaks about his views of religious tradition.
At some point in time, Khalid's speech produces a riot.
At some point in time, the Ottoman authorities pursue Khalid's arrest.
At some point in time, Khalid flees with Mrs. Gotfry to Baalbek.
At some point in time, Khalid meets Shakib in Baalbek.
At some point in time, Khalid learns that Najma is abandoned.
At some point in time, Najma has a young son.
At some point in time, Najma's young son is ill.
At some point in time, Khalid, Mrs. Gotfry, Najma, her son, and Shakib flee to the Egyptian desert.
At some point in time, Khalid and the others flee to escape the Ottoman authorities.
At some point in time, Khalid and the others spend several months in the desert.
At some point in time, Mrs. Gotfry and Shakib leave after an idyllic period in the desert.
At some point in time, Najma's son, Najid, dies suddenly of an unexpected illness.
At some point in time, Najma relapses and follows Najid in death in her grief.
At some point in time, Khalid disappears.
At some point in time, Khalid does not contact Shakib.
At some point in time, Khalid's whereabouts are unknown.