At some point in time, Martin Eden lives in Oakland at the beginning of the 20th century.
At some point in time, Martin Eden struggles to rise above his destitute circumstances.
At some point in time, Martin Eden has a proletarian background.
At some point in time, Martin Eden pursues self-education intensely and passionately.
At some point in time, Martin Eden hopes to achieve a place among the literary elite.
At some point in time, Martin Eden's principal motivation is his love for Ruth Morse.
At some point in time, Martin Eden is a rough, uneducated sailor.
At some point in time, the Morses are a bourgeois family.
At some point in time, a union between Martin Eden and Ruth Morse would be impossible unless Martin Eden reaches their level of wealth and refinement.
At some point in time, Martin Eden promises Ruth Morse that success will come over a period of two years.
At some point in time, Ruth Morse loses her patience and rejects Martin Eden in a letter.
At some point in time, Ruth Morse's letter states, "if only you had settled down... and attempted to make something of yourself."
At some point in time, Martin Eden attains the favor of publishers and the bourgeoisie who had shunned him.
At some point in time, by the time Martin Eden attains favor, he has developed a grudge against the publishers and the bourgeoisie.
At some point in time, Martin Eden becomes jaded by toil and unrequited love.
At some point in time, Martin Eden retreats into a quiet indifference instead of enjoying his success.
At some point in time, Martin Eden's quiet indifference is interrupted only to mentally rail against the genteelness of bourgeois society.
At some point in time, Martin Eden donates his new wealth to working-class friends and family.
At some point in time, Martin Eden feels that people do not value him for himself or for his work.
At some point in time, people value Martin Eden only for his fame.
At some point in time, the novel ends with Martin Eden committing suicide by drowning.
At some point in time, Martin Eden's suicide contributes to what researcher Clarice Stasz calls the "biographical myth."
At some point in time, the "biographical myth" states that Jack London's own death was a suicide.
At some point in time, Jack London's oldest daughter Joan commented on the book's tragic ending.
At some point in time, Joan commented that the book is often regarded as "a 'success' story."
At some point in time, the book inspired a whole generation of young writers.
At some point in time, the book inspired other fields.
At some point in time, individuals in other fields attained their objectives without aid or encouragement.
At some point in time, individuals in other fields attained their objectives through great struggle.