At some point in time, Allan Quatermain is an adventurer and white hunter based in Durban, in what is now South Africa.
At some point in time, Sir Henry Curtis is an aristocrat.
At some point in time, Captain Good is a friend of Sir Henry Curtis.
At some point in time, Sir Henry Curtis seeks Allan Quatermain's help to find Sir Henry's brother.
At some point in time, Sir Henry's brother was last seen travelling north into the unexplored interior.
At some point in time, Sir Henry's brother was on a quest for the fabled King Solomon's Mines.
At some point in time, Allan Quatermain has a mysterious map that purports to lead to King Solomon's Mines.
At some point in time, Allan Quatermain has never taken the map seriously.
At some point in time, Allan Quatermain agrees to lead an expedition in return for a share of the treasure.
At some point in time, Allan Quatermain agrees to lead an expedition for a stipend for his son if Allan Quatermain is killed along the way.
At some point in time, Allan Quatermain has little hope that the expedition will return alive.
At some point in time, Allan Quatermain reasons that he has already outlived most people in his profession.
At some point in time, dying in this manner ensures that Allan Quatermain's son will be provided for.
At some point in time, Umbopa is a mysterious native who joins the expedition.
At some point in time, Umbopa seems more regal, handsome, and well-spoken than most porters of his class.
At some point in time, Umbopa is very anxious to join the party.
At some point in time, the expedition travels by oxcart.
At some point in time, the expedition reaches the edge of a desert.
At some point in time, a wounded elephant claims the life of a servant during a hunt.
At some point in time, the expedition continues on foot across the desert.
At some point in time, the expedition almost dies of thirst before finding an oasis shown halfway across on the map.
At some point in time, the expedition reaches a mountain range called Suliman Berg.
At some point in time, the expedition climbs a peak known as one of "Sheba's Breasts."
At some point in time, the expedition enters a cave.
At some point in time, the expedition finds the frozen corpse of José Silvestre.
At some point in time, José Silvestre is a 16th-century Portuguese explorer.
At some point in time, José Silvestre drew the map in his own blood.
At some point in time, a second servant dies from the cold that night.
At some point in time, the expedition leaves the second servant's body next to José Silvestre's body.
At some point in time, the expedition crosses the mountains into a raised valley known as Kukuanaland.
At some point in time, Kukuanaland is lush and green.
At some point in time, the inhabitants of Kukuanaland have a well-organised army and society.
At some point in time, the inhabitants of Kukuanaland speak an ancient dialect of IsiZulu.
At some point in time, Kukuanaland's capital is Loo.
At some point in time, Loo is the destination of a magnificent road from ancient times.
At some point in time, the city of Loo is dominated by a central royal kraal.
At some point in time, the expedition soon meets a party of Kukuana warriors.
At some point in time, the Kukuana warriors are about to kill the expedition.
At some point in time, Captain Good nervously fidgets with his false teeth.
At some point in time, the Kukuana warriors recoil in fear when Captain Good fidgets with his false teeth.
At some point in time, the expedition styles themselves "white men from the stars."
At some point in time, the expedition claims to be sorcerer-gods.
At some point in time, the expedition is required to give regular proof of their divinity.
At some point in time, giving proof of their divinity strains both the nerves and ingenuity of the expedition.
At some point in time, the expedition is brought before King Twala.
At some point in time, King Twala rules over his people with ruthless violence.
At some point in time, King Twala came to power years before by murdering his brother.
At some point in time, King Twala drove his brother's wife and infant son, Ignosi, out into the desert to die.
At some point in time, King Twala's rule is unchallenged.
At some point in time, Gagool is an evil, impossibly ancient hag.
At some point in time, Gagool is King Twala's chief advisor.
At some point in time, Gagool roots out potential opposition by ordering regular witch hunts.
At some point in time, Gagool murders without trial all those identified as traitors.
At some point in time, Gagool singles out Umbopa for murder.
At some point in time, Quatermain uses all his skill to save Umbopa's life.
At some point in time, Gagool has already sensed that Umbopa is Ignosi.
At some point in time, Umbopa reveals that he is Ignosi, the rightful king of the Kukuanas.
At some point in time, a rebellion breaks out.
At some point in time, the Englishmen gain support for Ignosi by taking advantage of their foreknowledge of a lunar eclipse.
At some point in time, the Englishmen claim that they will black out the moon as proof of Ignosi's claim.
At some point in time, the Englishmen join Ignosi's army in a furious battle.
At some point in time, the rebels overthrow King Twala.
At some point in time, Sir Henry Curtis lops off King Twala's head in a duel.
At some point in time, the Englishmen capture Gagool.
At some point in time, Gagool reluctantly leads the Englishmen to King Solomon's Mines.
At some point in time, Gagool shows the Englishmen a treasure room inside a mountain.
At some point in time, the treasure room is carved deep within the living rock.
At some point in time, the treasure room is full of gold, diamonds, and ivory.
At some point in time, Gagool treacherously sneaks out while the Englishmen admire the hoard.
At some point in time, Gagool triggers a secret mechanism that closes the mine's vast stone door.
At some point in time, Gagool has a brief scuffle with a beautiful native named Foulata.
At some point in time, Foulata had become attached to Captain Good after nursing him through his injuries.
At some point in time, Gagool crushes herself under the stone door.
At some point in time, Gagool fatally stabs Foulata before dying.
At some point in time, the trapped men prepare to die.
At some point in time, the trapped men find an escape route after a few despairing days sealed in the dark chamber.
At some point in time, the trapped men bring with them a few pocketfuls of diamonds from the immense trove.
At some point in time, the diamonds are enough to make the trapped men rich.
At some point in time, the Englishmen bid farewell to a sorrowful Ignosi.
At some point in time, the Englishmen assure Ignosi that they value his friendship.
At some point in time, the Englishmen must return to be with their own people.
At some point in time, Ignosi promises the Englishmen that they will be venerated and honoured among his people forever.
At some point in time, the Englishmen find Sir Henry's brother stranded in an oasis.
At some point in time, Sir Henry's brother has a broken leg.
At some point in time, Sir Henry's brother is unable to go forward or back.
At some point in time, the Englishmen return to Durban.
At some point in time, the Englishmen eventually return to England.
At some point in time, the Englishmen are wealthy enough to live comfortable lives.