At some point in time, Barney Custer is a young American from Beatrice, Nebraska.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is the son of an American farmer.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is the son of a runaway Luthan princess named Victoria Rubinroth.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is unaware of his royal blood.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is unaware that he is a dead ringer for his relative Leopold.
At some point in time, Leopold is the current king of Lutha.
At some point in time, Barney Custer visits Lutha on the eve of the First World War.
At some point in time, Barney Custer visits Lutha to see his mother's native land.
At some point in time, King Leopold has just escaped from ten years of imprisonment.
At some point in time, King Leopold was imprisoned by his uncle, Prince Peter of Blentz.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is mistaken for King Leopold.
At some point in time, Barney Custer's mistaken identity leads to numerous complications.
At some point in time, Barney Custer meets Princess Emma Von Der Tann.
At some point in time, Princess Emma Von Der Tann is Leopold's promised bride.
At some point in time, Barney Custer falls in love with Princess Emma Von Der Tann.
At some point in time, Barney Custer becomes intimately involved in Luthan affairs.
At some point in time, Barney Custer works to help King Leopold.
At some point in time, Barney Custer allows himself to be proclaimed as king.
At some point in time, Barney Custer impersonates King Leopold to prevent Prince Peter from seizing the throne.
At some point in time, Barney Custer succeeds in foiling Prince Peter's plans to become king.
At some point in time, Barney Custer rescues the real King Leopold.
At some point in time, Barney Custer fights for the real King Leopold.
At some point in time, King Leopold discovers the shared love between Barney Custer and Princess Emma Von Der Tann.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is forced to leave Lutha.
At some point in time, Barney Custer mimics the flight of his father.
At some point in time, Barney Custer's father left with a princess.
At some point in time, Barney Custer leaves Lutha with only a soldier.
At some point in time, the first part of the novel ends with Barney Custer leaving Lutha.
At some point in time, World War I has begun.
At some point in time, King Leopold has proven himself to be a bad ruler.
At some point in time, King Leopold has not yet persuaded Princess Emma Von Der Tann to marry him.
At some point in time, Barney Custer's soldier friend leaves the farm.
At some point in time, Barney Custer's soldier friend returns to Lutha.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is attacked by one of Prince Peter's henchmen.
At some point in time, Barney Custer decides to return to Lutha.
At some point in time, Barney Custer has an adventurous trip across war-torn Europe.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is mistaken for a spy by the Austrians.
At some point in time, Barney Custer barely escapes a firing squad.
At some point in time, Barney Custer finally reaches Lutha.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is forced to impersonate the king again.
At some point in time, Barney Custer impersonates the king to save Lutha from the Austrians.
At some point in time, Barney Custer makes a diplomatic alliance with Serbia.
At some point in time, Barney Custer defeats the Austrians in person.
At some point in time, Barney Custer saves Lutha.
At some point in time, the real King Leopold is mistaken for Barney Custer.
At some point in time, the real King Leopold is killed by one of Prince Peter's henchmen.
At some point in time, Barney Custer consents to remain as king of Lutha.
At some point in time, Barney Custer is married to Princess Emma Von Der Tann.