At some point in time, Queen Mary was imprisoned at Loch Leven Castle in 1567.
At some point in time, Queen Mary escaped from Loch Leven Castle.
At some point in time, Queen Mary was defeated.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme is a dim-witted but spirited youth.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was brought up at the castle of Avenel by Mary Avenel.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was brought up at the castle of Avenel by Halbert Glendinning.
At some point in time, Regent Murray sent Roland Graeme to be page to Mary Stuart.
At some point in time, Regent Murray directed Roland Graeme to guard Queen Mary.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme fell in love with Catherine Seyton.
At some point in time, Catherine Seyton is one of the ladies-in-waiting to Queen Mary.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was found to be the heir to Avenel.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning is the brother of Halbert Glendinning.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning is the abbot of the title.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning is the last abbot of the monastery described in the preceding novel.
At some point in time, ten years passed since the final events of The Monastery.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning had been knighted for his services to the regent.
At some point in time, Lady Avenel adopted Roland Graeme.
At some point in time, Lady Avenel's dog saved Roland Graeme from drowning.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme grew up petted by Lady Avenel.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was disliked by Lady Avenel's chaplain.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was disliked by Lady Avenel's servants.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme threatened to dirk the falconer.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was dismissed to seek his fortune.
At some point in time, Father Ambrose secretly taught Roland Graeme the Romish faith.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme's grandmother led him to believe that he was of gentle birth.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme's grandmother introduced him to Catherine Seyton.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme's grandmother accompanied him to the abbey.
At some point in time, revels of some masqueraders were interrupted by the arrival of Sir Halbert.
At some point in time, Sir Halbert was on his way to Edinburgh.
At some point in time, Sir Halbert attached Roland Graeme to his train.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme aided Lord Seyton in a street fray.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was introduced to the Earl of Murray.
At some point in time, the Earl of Murray desired Roland Graeme to be ready to travel at short notice.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme adjourned to an inn with Adam Woodcock.
At some point in time, Henry Seyton entrusted Roland Graeme with a sword.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme believed Henry Seyton to be Catherine Seyton in male attire.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was not to unsheath the sword until commanded by his rightful sovereign.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme learned that he was to be attached to the household of Queen Mary.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme accompanied Lord Lindesay to the castle of Lochleven.
At some point in time, Lochleven Castle is situated on an island.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme found Catherine Seyton in attendance on Queen Mary.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was present when Catherine Seyton signed her abdication.
At some point in time, Catherine Seyton signed her abdication at the behest of the Secret Council.
At some point in time, several months passed during which Henderson attempted to convert Roland Graeme.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme learned from Catherine Seyton that Father Ambrose had been evicted from his monastery.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme pledged himself to assist Queen Mary in recovering her freedom for Catherine Seyton's sake.
At some point in time, a plan of escape arranged by George Douglas failed through the vigilance of the Lady of Lochleven.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme undertook to forge a false set of keys.
At some point in time, the abbot arrived disguised as a man-at-arms sent by Sir William.
At some point in time, the abbot was sent by Sir William to take part in guarding the castle.
At some point in time, a preconcerted signal was made from the shore as soon as the curfew had tolled.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme contrived to substitute his forged keys for the real ones.
At some point in time, the garden gate was unlocked at midnight.
At some point in time, a boat was in waiting at midnight.
At some point in time, Henry Seyton came forward at midnight.
At some point in time, Queen Mary and all her adherents were safely afloat when the alarm was given.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme ran back before they started to turn the locks on their jailers.
At some point in time, George Douglas protected Queen Mary by placing himself before her.
At some point in time, George Douglas protected Queen Mary until they were out of reach of musketry.
At some point in time, horses were in readiness on landing.
At some point in time, Queen Mary and her party reached Lord Seyton's castle in West Lothian before daybreak.
At some point in time, Lord Seyton's castle in West Lothian was strongly garrisoned.
At some point in time, the next morning, Queen Mary was endeavouring to make peace between Roland Graeme and Henry Seyton.
At some point in time, Henry Seyton treated Roland Graeme as a churl.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme's grandmother emerged from a recess.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme's grandmother declared him to be the son of Julian Avenel.
At some point in time, Julian Avenel was killed in the battle with Sir John Foster.
At some point in time, Lord Seyton recognized Roland Graeme.
At some point in time, Lord Seyton insisted that his son should shake hands with him.
At some point in time, the royal party moved onwards for Dumbarton.
At some point in time, the royal party was supported by a considerable number of adherents in battle array.
At some point in time, the royal party was accompanied by the abbot.
At some point in time, help from France was expected at Dumbarton.
At some point in time, the royal party was intercepted by the regent's forces.
At some point in time, a desperate battle ensued.
At some point in time, Queen Mary stood near a yew tree.
At some point in time, George Douglas guarded Queen Mary in close armour.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme pushed forward to watch the conflict.
At some point in time, the battle lasted nearly an hour.
At some point in time, Sir Halbert attacked the flank of Queen Mary's supporters.
At some point in time, Queen Mary's supporters were completely routed.
At some point in time, Henry Seyton was killed in the battle.
At some point in time, George Douglas was mortally wounded in the battle.
At some point in time, George Douglas expired without withdrawing his eyes from Queen Mary's face.
At some point in time, Queen Mary adopted the fatal resolution of trusting to Elizabeth's mercy.
At some point in time, Queen Mary bid adieu to her followers.
At some point in time, Queen Mary took ship for England.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme succeeded in obtaining proofs of his claim as the heir of Avenel.
At some point in time, Roland Graeme was married to Catherine Seyton.
At some point in time, Catherine Seyton returned from two years residence with her unhappy mistress.