At some point in time, the unnamed narrator arrives at the house of Roderick Usher.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator receives a letter from Roderick Usher.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher complains of an illness in the letter.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher asks for help in the letter.
At some point in time, a thin crack extends from the roof of the building.
At some point in time, the thin crack extends down the front of the building.
At some point in time, the thin crack extends into the adjacent lake.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher's condition can be described according to modern psychological science terminology.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher experiences sensory overload known as hyperesthesia.
At some point in time, hyperesthesia is hypersensitivity to textures, light, sounds, smells, and tastes.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher experiences hypochondria.
At some point in time, hypochondria is an excessive preoccupation or worry about having a serious illness.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher experiences acute anxiety.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher has a twin sister named Madeline.
At some point in time, Madeline is also ill.
At some point in time, Madeline falls into cataleptic, deathlike trances.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator is impressed with Roderick Usher's paintings.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator attempts to cheer Roderick Usher by reading with him.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator listens to Roderick Usher's improvised musical compositions on the guitar.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher sings "The Haunted Palace."
At some point in time, Roderick Usher believes the house he lives in is alive.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher believes the sentience of the house arises from the arrangement of the masonry.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher believes the sentience of the house arises from the vegetation surrounding it.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher informs the unnamed narrator that Madeline has died.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher insists that Madeline be entombed for two weeks.
At some point in time, the family tomb is located in the house.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator helps Roderick Usher put Madeline's body in the tomb.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator notes that Madeline has rosy cheeks.
At some point in time, rosy cheeks can be seen on some individuals after death.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher and the unnamed narrator inter Madeline.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher and the unnamed narrator become increasingly agitated for no apparent reason.
At some point in time, a storm begins.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher comes to the unnamed narrator's bedroom.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator's bedroom is situated directly above the vault.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher throws open the window to the storm.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher notices that the tarn surrounding the house seems to glow in the dark.
At some point in time, the tarn glows in the dark as it glowed in Roderick Usher's paintings.
There is no lightning during the storm.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator attempts to calm Roderick Usher by reading aloud The Mad Tryst.
At some point in time, The Mad Tryst is a novel involving a knight named Ethelred.
At some point in time, Ethelred breaks into a hermit's dwelling to escape an approaching storm.
At some point in time, Ethelred finds a palace of gold guarded by a dragon.
At some point in time, Ethelred finds a shield of shining brass hanging on the wall.
At some point in time, a legend is written on the shield of shining brass.
At some point in time, the legend states that a conqueror hath bin who entereth herein.
At some point in time, the legend states that who slayeth the dragon shall win the shield.
At some point in time, Ethelred kills the dragon with a stroke of his mace.
At some point in time, the dragon dies with a piercing shriek.
At some point in time, Ethelred proceeds to take the shield.
At some point in time, the shield falls to the floor with an unnerving clatter.
At some point in time, as the unnamed narrator reads of Ethelred's forcible entry, cracking and ripping sounds are heard somewhere in the house.
At some point in time, a shriek is heard within the house when the dragon is described as shrieking as it dies.
At some point in time, a reverberation, metallic and hollow, can be heard when the shield falls from the wall.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher becomes increasingly hysterical.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher exclaims that the sounds are being made by Madeline.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher claims that Madeline was alive when she was entombed.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher somehow knew that Madeline was alive.
At some point in time, the bedroom door is blown open to reveal Madeline standing there.
At some point in time, Madeline falls on Roderick Usher.
At some point in time, Roderick Usher and Madeline land on the floor as corpses.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator flees the house.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator notices a flash of moonlight behind him.
At some point in time, the flash of moonlight causes the unnamed narrator to turn back.
At some point in time, the unnamed narrator sees the moon shining through the suddenly widened crack.
At some point in time, the House of Usher splits in two.
At some point in time, the fragments of the House of Usher sink into the tarn.