At some point in time, the action is centred on the Monastery of Kennaquhair.
At some point in time, the Monastery of Kennaquhair is probably based on Melrose Abbey in south east Scotland.
At some point in time, the Monastery of Kennaquhair is located on the River Tweed.
At some point in time, the Scottish Reformation is just beginning circa 1550.
At some point in time, the monastery is in peril.
At some point in time, the Glendinning boys fall in love with Mary Avenel.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning ends up becoming a monk.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning finally marries Mary Avenel after service with the Earl of Murray.
The property of the Church had hitherto always been respected in the many conflicts between England and Scotland.
At some point in time, the temporal possessions of the Church are in serious danger from the spread of the doctrines of the Reformation.
At some point in time, the spiritual influence of the Church is in serious danger from the spread of the doctrines of the Reformation.
At some point in time, the occupants of the monasteries are dependent on the military services of their tenants and vassals for protection.
At some point in time, the tenants and vassals provide protection against the forays of Protestant barons and other heretical marauders.
At some point in time, Dame Elspeth's husband Simon had fallen in the battle of Pinkie in 1547.
At some point in time, the hospitality of Dame Elspeth's lonely tower had been sought by the widow of the Baron of Avenel.
At some point in time, the widow of the Baron of Avenel has a daughter named Mary.
At some point in time, the mansion of the widow of the Baron of Avenel had been seized and plundered by invaders.
At some point in time, the mansion of the widow of the Baron of Avenel was subsequently taken possession of by her brother-in-law Julian Avenel.
At some point in time, Father Philip discovered that the baroness possessed a Bible while confessing her on her death-bed.
At some point in time, Father Philip was carrying the Bible to the Lord Abbot.
At some point in time, the Bible was taken from Father Philip by a spectral White Lady.
At some point in time, the spectral White Lady resembles the Undine.
At some point in time, Scott borrowed the character of the Undine from Friedrich de la Motte Fouqué's Undine.
At some point in time, the sub-prior disbelieved the sacristan's tale.
At some point in time, the sub-prior visited the tower.
At some point in time, the sub-prior met Christie of the Clinthill.
At some point in time, Christie of the Clinthill is a freebooter.
At some point in time, Christie of the Clinthill was charged with an insolent message from Julian Avenel.
At some point in time, the sub-prior learned that the Bible had been mysteriously returned to its owner.
At some point in time, the sub-prior exchanged the Bible for a missal.
At some point in time, the sub-prior was unhorsed on his return by the apparition.
At some point in time, the book had disappeared from the sub-prior's bosom upon reaching the monastery.
At some point in time, the freebooter was detained in custody on suspicion of having killed the sub-prior.
At some point in time, the White Lady was next seen by Halbert Glendinning.
At some point in time, the White Lady conducted Halbert Glendinning to a fairy grotto.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning was allowed to snatch the Bible from a flaming altar.
At some point in time, Happer the miller and his daughter Mysie arrived on a visit during Halbert Glendinning's absence from the tower.
At some point in time, Sir Piercie Shafton came as a refugee from the English Court.
At some point in time, the abbot came to dine with Happer the miller, Mysie, and Halbert Glendinning.
At some point in time, the abbot offered Halbert Glendinning the office of ranger of the Church forests.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning refused the office of ranger of the Church forests.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning startled Sir Piercie Shafton with a token he had obtained from the mysterious spectre.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning and Sir Piercie Shafton fought in a glen the following morning.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning fled to the Baron of Avenel.
At some point in time, Sir Piercie Shafton appeared to be mortally wounded.
At some point in time, Henry Warden accompanied Halbert Glendinning to the Baron of Avenel.
At some point in time, Henry Warden offended the laird.
At some point in time, Henry Warden assisted Halbert Glendinning in his determination to escape from the castle.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning preferred to escape from the castle rather than serve under his host's standard.
At some point in time, Sir Piercie Shafton miraculously recovered.
At some point in time, Sir Piercie Shafton was accused by Edward Glendinning of having murdered his missing brother.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning assured Sir Piercie Shafton that the youth was alive and uninjured.
At some point in time, with the sub-prior's approval, Sir Piercie Shafton was treated as a prisoner.
At some point in time, Mysie assisted Sir Piercie Shafton to escape during the night.
At some point in time, Mysie accompanied Sir Piercie Shafton northwards, dressed as his page.
At some point in time, Mary Avenel was visited by the White Lady.
At some point in time, the White Lady comforted Mary Avenel by disclosing the place where Halbert Glendinning had hidden the Bible.
At some point in time, Mary Avenel had secretly read the Bible with her mother.
At some point in time, the rest of the family were astounded by the arrival of Christie.
At some point in time, Christie confirmed Sir Piercie's assertion.
At some point in time, Christie announced that he had brought Henry Warden to be dealt with as a heretic by the lord abbot.
At some point in time, Father Eustace and the preacher had been intimate friends at college.
At some point in time, the sub-prior was urging Father Eustace to save his life by returning to the bosom of the Church.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning interrupted Father Eustace and the preacher to confess his jealousy of his brother.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning expressed his resolution to become a monk.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning's resolution to become a monk was in obedience to the White Lady who had appeared to him.
At some point in time, Father Eustace decided to leave his prisoner at the tower.
At some point in time, Father Eustace left his prisoner at the tower under promise to surrender when summoned to the monastery.
At some point in time, Father Eustace learned from the freebooter that Julian Avenel would fight for the Church.
At some point in time, Father Eustace despatched the freebooter in search of Sir Piercie and the miller's daughter.
At some point in time, the lord abbot was alarmed by intelligence that English and Scottish soldiers were advancing with hostile intentions against the monastery.
At some point in time, the lord abbot resigned his office to the sub-prior.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning had taken the road to Edinburgh.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning joined a squadron commanded by the Earl of Murray.
At some point in time, the Earl of Murray sent Halbert Glendinning forward to prevent an engagement between the English and the supporters of the Church.
At some point in time, Halbert Glendinning arrived too late to prevent the engagement.
At some point in time, the Earl of Murray induced Sir John Forster to withdraw after winning the battle.
At some point in time, the Earl of Murray marched his troops to St Mary's.
At some point in time, the new abbot assembled his brotherhood in the village in anticipation of the destruction of their home.
At some point in time, the regent and his followers formed up facing the new abbot and his brotherhood.
At some point in time, the first matter settled was the marriage of Halbert Glendinning with the heiress of Avenel.
At some point in time, Father Eustace was summoned to produce Sir Piercie Shafton.
At some point in time, Sir Piercie Shafton surrendered voluntarily.
At some point in time, a flaw in Sir Piercie Shafton's pedigree was proved.
At some point in time, Mysie was declared a fitting wife for Sir Piercie Shafton.
At some point in time, Mysie and Sir Piercie Shafton were shipped off to Flanders.
At some point in time, the monks were allowed to retain their monastery and lands on condition of being laid under contribution.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning sought another interview with the White Spirit.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning was told that the knot of fate was tied.
At some point in time, Edward Glendinning was impressed with the belief that the marriage of his brother with Mary Avenel might prove fatal to both of them.