At some point in time, the novel provides a detailed, episodic record of life in the two branches of the wealthy, aristocratic Jia (賈) clan.
At some point in time, the two branches of the Jia clan are the Rongguo House (榮國府) and the Ningguo House (寧國府).
At some point in time, the Rongguo House and the Ningguo House reside in two large, adjacent family compounds in the capital.
At some point in time, the ancestors of the Jia clan were made Dukes and given imperial titles.
At some point in time, as the novel begins, the Rongguo House and the Ningguo House are among the most illustrious families in the city.
At some point in time, one of the clan’s offspring is made a Royal Consort.
At some point in time, a lush landscaped garden is built to receive the Royal Consort's visit.
At some point in time, the novel describes the Jia clan’s wealth and influence in great naturalistic detail.
At some point in time, the novel charts the Jia clan’s fall from the height of their prestige.
At some point in time, the novel follows some thirty main characters.
At some point in time, the novel includes over four hundred minor characters.
At some point in time, eventually, the Jia clan falls into disfavor with the Emperor.
At some point in time, the mansions of the Jia clan are raided and confiscated.
At some point in time, in the novel's frame story, a sentient Stone is abandoned by the goddess Nüwa.
At some point in time, the goddess Nüwa abandoned the Stone when she mended the heavens aeons ago.
At some point in time, the sentient Stone begs a Taoist priest to bring it with him to see the world.
At some point in time, the sentient Stone begs a Buddhist monk to bring it with him to see the world.
At some point in time, the Stone is given a chance to learn from human existence.
At some point in time, the Stone enters the mortal realm.
At some point in time, the main character of the novel is Jia Baoyu.
At some point in time, Jia Baoyu is a carefree adolescent male heir of the Jia clan.
At some point in time, Jia Baoyu was born with a magical piece of "jade" in his mouth.
At some point in time, Jia Baoyu has a special bond with his sickly cousin Lin Daiyu.
At some point in time, Lin Daiyu shares Jia Baoyu's love of music and poetry.
At some point in time, Jia Baoyu is predestined to marry his cousin Xue Baochai.
At some point in time, Xue Baochai exemplifies an ideal woman with her grace and intelligence.
At some point in time, Jia Baoyu lacks an emotional connection with Xue Baochai.
At some point in time, the romantic rivalry among Jia Baoyu, Lin Daiyu, and Xue Baochai forms the main story in the novel.
At some point in time, the friendship among Jia Baoyu, Lin Daiyu, and Xue Baochai forms the main story in the novel.
At some point in time, the backdrop of the family's declining fortunes forms the main story in the novel.