At some point in time, Lady Anna is set during the 1830s.
At some point in time, Lady Anna is set at about the time of the First Reform Act of 1832.
At some point in time, Lady Anna is the daughter of the late Earl Lovel.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel married Earl Lovel out of ambition rather than love.
At some point in time, Earl Lovel had an evil reputation.
At some point in time, Earl Lovel told Lady Lovel that he had a living wife.
At some point in time, Earl Lovel's claim of a living wife made his union with Lady Lovel invalid.
At some point in time, Earl Lovel's claim of a living wife made their unborn daughter illegitimate.
At some point in time, Earl Lovel sailed to Italy without Lady Lovel.
At some point in time, Earl Lovel did not return to England for twenty years.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel struggled to prove the validity of her marriage during those two decades.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel struggled to prove her right to her title during those two decades.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel struggled to prove her daughter's legitimacy during those two decades.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel enjoyed neither the sympathy of the public nor the support of her family during those two decades.
At some point in time, Thomas Thwaite was Lady Lovel's only friend and supporter during those two decades.
At some point in time, Thomas Thwaite was a Radical tailor of Keswick.
At some point in time, Thomas Thwaite gave shelter to Lady Lovel and her daughter.
At some point in time, Thomas Thwaite financed Lady Lovel's legal battles.
At some point in time, Lord Lovel returned to England early in the novel.
At some point in time, Lord Lovel died intestate.
At some point in time, Lord Lovel's earldom passed to a distant cousin, young Frederick Lovel.
At some point in time, Lord Lovel's small estate in Cumberland passed to young Frederick Lovel.
At some point in time, the bulk of Lord Lovel's large fortune is personal property.
At some point in time, Lord Lovel's personal property is not attached to the title.
At some point in time, if Lord Lovel's marriage to Lady Lovel was valid, his personal property will go to Lady Lovel and their daughter.
At some point in time, if Lord Lovel's marriage to Lady Lovel was not valid, his personal property will go to young Frederick Lovel.
At some point in time, the new earl's lawyers believe that their case against Lady Lovel is weak.
At some point in time, the new earl's lawyers believe that their claim against Lady Lovel is probably false.
At some point in time, the new earl's lawyers propose a compromise.
At some point in time, the compromise is that young Frederick Lovel marry Lady Anna.
At some point in time, the compromise aims to reunite the title and the assets held by Earl Lovel.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel enthusiastically supports the plan.
At some point in time, the plan fulfills all of Lady Lovel's ambitions for herself and her daughter.
At some point in time, the young earl is favorably impressed by Lady Anna's appearance.
At some point in time, the young earl is favorably impressed by Lady Anna's character.
At some point in time, Lady Anna has come to love Thomas Thwaite's son Daniel.
At some point in time, Lady Anna and Daniel Thwaite have become secretly engaged.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel and others strive to break Lady Anna's engagement to Daniel Thwaite.
At some point in time, Lady Anna will not yield to persuasion.
At some point in time, Lady Anna will not yield to mistreatment.
At some point in time, Daniel Thwaite rejects arguments to end the relationship.
At some point in time, Daniel Thwaite rejects bribes to end the relationship.
At some point in time, Lady Anna is approaching her twenty-first birthday.
At some point in time, after Lady Anna's twenty-first birthday, she will be free to marry without her mother's consent.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel secures a pistol in desperation.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel attempts to murder Thomas Thwaite.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel wounds Thomas Thwaite.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel does not kill Thomas Thwaite.
At some point in time, Thomas Thwaite refuses to name Lady Lovel to the police.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel's attempt to murder Thomas Thwaite puts an effective end to her attempts to keep Lady Anna and Daniel Thwaite apart.
At some point in time, with Thomas Thwaite's consent, Lady Anna makes half of her fortune over to young Frederick Lovel.
At some point in time, Lady Anna marries Thomas Thwaite.
At some point in time, Lady Anna marries Thomas Thwaite with the public approval of the Lovel family.
At some point in time, Lady Lovel refuses to attend Lady Anna's wedding ceremony.
At some point in time, Lady Anna and Thomas Thwaite emigrate to Australia.
At some point in time, Lady Anna and Thomas Thwaite expect that his low birth will no longer be a burden to them in Australia.
At some point in time, Lady Anna and Thomas Thwaite expect that her title will no longer be a burden to them in Australia.