At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux falls in love with Augustine Guillaume.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume is the daughter of a conservative cloth merchant.
At some point in time, The house of business of Augustine Guillaume's father is located on the Rue Saint-Denis in Paris.
At some point in time, The house of business of Augustine Guillaume's father is known by the sign of the Cat and Racket.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux is a winner of the Prix de Rome.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux is a knight of the Legion of Honor.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux is famous for his interiors and chiaroscuro effects in imitation of the Dutch School.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux makes an excellent reproduction of the interior of the Cat and Racket.
At some point in time, The excellent reproduction of the interior of the Cat and Racket is exhibited at the Salon.
At some point in time, A strikingly modern portrait of Augustine is exhibited at the Salon alongside the reproduction of the interior of the Cat and Racket.
At some point in time, Madame Guillaume's younger cousin is named Madame Roguin.
At some point in time, Madame Roguin is already acquainted with Théodore de Sommervieux.
At some point in time, The lovers become engaged.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume's parents have best wishes that oppose the engagement.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume's parents originally intended her to marry Monsieur Guillaume's clerk Joseph Lebas.
In 1808, Augustine marries Théodore de Sommervieux at the local church of Saint-Leu.
On the same day that Augustine marries Théodore de Sommervieux, her elder sister Virginie marries Joseph Lebas.
At some point in time, The marriage of Augustine Guillaume and Théodore de Sommervieux is not a happy one.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume adores Théodore de Sommervieux.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume is incapable of understanding Théodore de Sommervieux as an artist.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume is more refined than her parents.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume's education and social standing leave her too far below the level of Théodore de Sommervieux.
At some point in time, A meeting of minds does not take place between Augustine Guillaume and Théodore de Sommervieux.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux's passion for Augustine Guillaume cools.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume is treated with disdain by Théodore de Sommervieux's fellow artists.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux finds a kindred soul in the Duchesse de Carigliano.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux gives the famous portrait of Augustine to the Duchesse de Carigliano.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux becomes hopelessly attached to the Duchesse de Carigliano.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux neglects his rooms on the Rue des Trois-Frères.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume realizes after three years of unhappiness that her marriage is falling apart.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume is informed by a malicious gossip of Théodore de Sommervieux's attachment to the Duchesse de Carigliano.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume visits Madame de Carigliano.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume does not visit Madame de Carigliano to ask her to give back her husband's heart.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume visits Madame de Carigliano to learn the arts by which Théodore de Sommervieux's heart has been captured.
At some point in time, The Duchesse de Carigliano warns Augustine Guillaume against trying to conquer a man's heart through love.
At some point in time, The Duchesse de Carigliano believes that love will only allow the husband to tyrannize over the wife.
At some point in time, The Duchesse de Carigliano believes that a woman must use all the arts of coquetry that nature puts at her disposal.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume is shocked to learn that Madame de Carigliano sees marriage as a form of warfare.
At some point in time, The Duchesse de Carigliano returns Augustine Guillaume's own portrait.
At some point in time, The Duchesse de Carigliano tells Augustine Guillaume that if she cannot conquer her husband with the portrait, she is not a woman.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume does not understand how to turn the portrait against her husband.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume hangs the portrait in her bedroom.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume dresses herself exactly as she appears in the portrait.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume believes that Théodore de Sommervieux will see her once again as the young woman he fell in love with at the sign of the Cat and Racket.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux sees the portrait hanging in Augustine Guillaume's bedroom.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux asks Augustine Guillaume how the portrait came to be in her bedroom.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume reveals to Théodore de Sommervieux that the portrait was returned to her by the Duchesse de Carigliano.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux realizes that Augustine Guillaume is incapable of seeing the painting as he sees it.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux regards the return of the portrait as a slap in the face from his mistress.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux's vanity is wounded.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux throws a fit.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux destroys the portrait.
At some point in time, Théodore de Sommervieux vows vengeance upon the Duchesse de Carigliano.
At some point in time, By morning, Augustine Guillaume has become resigned to her fate.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume's loveless marriage comes to an end shortly thereafter.
At some point in time, Augustine Guillaume dies of a broken heart at the age of twenty-seven.