At some point in time, The Man of Feeling details the fragmentary episodes of the life of Harley.
At some point in time, Harley's life exists within the remains of a manuscript.
At some point in time, The manuscript was traded to the initial narrator of the novel by a priest.
At some point in time, The novel begins with the initial narrator and the priest hunting.
At some point in time, The manuscript is missing the first ten chapters.
At some point in time, The manuscript is missing approximately thirty other chapters.
At some point in time, The missing chapters are located at various locations throughout the manuscript's entirety.
At some point in time, As a young boy, Harley loses his parents.
At some point in time, Harley is assigned several guardians.
At some point in time, The guardians constantly disagree with each other.
At some point in time, The guardians agree that Harley should make an effort to acquire more wealth.
At some point in time, The guardians urge Harley to make an old distant relative amiable towards him.
At some point in time, Harley is urged to claim some inheritance from the old distant relative.
At some point in time, Harley fails in this endeavour.
At some point in time, Harley does not cooperate with the relative's attempts to warm to him.
At some point in time, Harley is advised to acquire a patron.
At some point in time, Harley is advised to sell his vote at an election for a lease of land.
At some point in time, Mr. Walton gives Harley a letter of introduction.
At some point in time, Harley leaves home for London.
At some point in time, Harley leaves Miss Walton for London.
At some point in time, Harley meets a beggar on the way to London.
At some point in time, Harley meets the beggar's dog on the way to London.
At some point in time, Harley donates to the beggar and his dog.
At some point in time, Harley hears the fortune-telling beggar's story.
At some point in time, Harley formally visits the baronet recommended by Mr. Walton.
At some point in time, Harley is calling on the baronet for the second time.
At some point in time, The baronet is away from London.
At some point in time, Harley meets another gentleman named Tom.
At some point in time, Harley and Tom go for a stroll.
At some point in time, Harley and Tom dine together.
At some point in time, Harley and Tom discuss pensions and resources with two older men.
At some point in time, Harley visits Bedlam.
At some point in time, Harley weeps for an inmate at Bedlam.
At some point in time, Harley dines with a scorned, cynical man.
At some point in time, Harley and the scorned, cynical man discuss honour and vanity.
At some point in time, Harley demonstrates his skill in physiognomy.
At some point in time, Many argue that Harley lacks skill in physiognomy.
At some point in time, Harley is charitable on behalf of an old gentleman.
At some point in time, Harley later plays cards with the old gentleman.
At some point in time, Harley loses money to the old gentleman and his acquaintance.
At some point in time, Harley is informed that the old gentleman and his acquaintance are con men.
At some point in time, Harley is approached by a prostitute.
At some point in time, Harley takes the prostitute to a tavern.
At some point in time, Harley feeds the prostitute.
At some point in time, Harley hands the waiter his pocket watch as collateral for paying the bill.
At some point in time, Harley meets the prostitute again the next morning.
At some point in time, Harley hears the prostitute's story.
At some point in time, The prostitute's father arrives at the conclusion of her story.
At some point in time, The prostitute's father reconciles with his daughter after a misunderstanding.
At some point in time, Jamie is deemed the 'man of feeling' as a result of his loss of control over his emotions.
At some point in time, Harley discovers that his claim for the land lease has failed.
At some point in time, Harley takes a stage-coach back home.
At some point in time, Harley discusses poetry and vice with a fellow passenger.
At some point in time, Harley and the fellow passenger part ways.
At some point in time, The stage-coach reaches the end of its route.
At some point in time, Harley continues on foot after leaving the stage-coach.
At some point in time, Harley meets Edwards, an old farmer from his village.
At some point in time, Edwards has fallen on hard times.
At some point in time, Edwards is returning from his conscription in the army.
At some point in time, Harley and Edwards approach the village together.
At some point in time, Harley and Edwards find the school house destroyed.
At some point in time, Harley and Edwards find two orphans.
At some point in time, The two orphans are actually the grandchildren of Harley's companion.
At some point in time, Harley takes the three orphans home.
At some point in time, Harley provides some land for the three orphans.
At some point in time, Harley discusses corrupt military commanders with Edwards.
At some point in time, Harley is informed that Miss Walton is going to be married to Sir Harry Benson.
At some point in time, The Man of Feeling jumps to an unconnected tale of a man named Mountford.
At some point in time, Mountford journeys to Milan as tutor to the young Sedley.
At some point in time, Mountford and Sedley meet with a count in Milan.
At some point in time, Mountford and Sedley visit a debtors' prison.
At some point in time, Mountford and Sedley find a man and his family living in the debtors' prison.
At some point in time, The man and his family are living in the debtors' prison at the behest of the count's son.
At some point in time, The count's son had been charming to Mountford and Sedley.
At some point in time, Sedley pays the family's debt.
At some point in time, Mountford and Sedley leave Milan in disgust.
At some point in time, The narrative returns to the story of Harley.
At some point in time, Miss Walton has not married Sir Harry Benson.
At some point in time, Miss Walton visits an unwell Harley.
At some point in time, Harley has contracted a fever while nursing Edwards and his grandchildren.
At some point in time, Harley confesses his love to Miss Walton.
At some point in time, Harley and Miss Walton hold hands.
At some point in time, Harley dies.