At some point in time, Jerry was born in Santa Isabel Island.
At some point in time, Santa Isabel Island is a part of the Solomon Islands archipelago.
At some point in time, Jerry's owner was Mr. Haggin.
At some point in time, Mr. Haggin worked as a plantation guard.
At some point in time, Mr. Haggin used Jerry to chase black slaves.
At some point in time, Mr. Haggin gave Jerry to Mr. Van Horn.
At some point in time, Mr. Van Horn was the Captain of the ship Arangi.
At some point in time, Mr. Van Horn gave a condition to return Jerry if something bad happens.
At some point in time, the ship Arangi was engaged in delivering so-called "reverse" slaves.
At some point in time, the so-called "reverse" slaves worked for three years on a plantation.
At some point in time, during a stop on Malaita island, Arangi was attacked by the natives.
At some point in time, the natives killed the captain of the ship Arangi.
At some point in time, the natives killed the skipper of the ship Arangi.
At some point in time, Jerry was kicked from the ship Arangi.
At some point in time, the ship Arangi was looted and burned.
At some point in time, a native boy found Jerry in the sea.
At some point in time, the native boy delivered Jerry on the shore.
At some point in time, later, Jerry was brought to a village.
At some point in time, the tribe chief Bashto decided to use Jerry for improving the breed of local dogs.
At some point in time, Jerry received a taboo status.
At some point in time, Jerry began to live among the tribemen.
At some point in time, Jerry led a fairly quiet life.
At some point in time, the local sorcerer Agno decided to use Jerry for a sacrifice.
At some point in time, Agno arranged for Jerry to attack a holy bird megapoda.
At some point in time, the holy bird megapoda had a taboo status.
At some point in time, Jerry stole the bird eggs.
At some point in time, the bird eggs were kept for chief Bashta.
At some point in time, Jerry was spotted while killing the fourth bird.
At some point in time, the bird's taboo status was higher than that of Jerry.
At some point in time, therefore, Jerry could be sacrificed.
At some point in time, old blindman Nalasu bought Jerry for a pig.
At some point in time, old blindman Nalasu bought Jerry to protect himself against an expected vendetta.
At some point in time, the village was destroyed by Brits.
At some point in time, the destruction of the village was a part of a punitive operation.
At some point in time, the punitive operation was to retaliate for the loss of Arangi.
At some point in time, Jerry escaped and hid in the jungle.
At some point in time, Jerry stayed in the jungle for a long time.
At some point in time, Jerry began to look for people.
At some point in time, out on the beach, Jerry saw a distant ship.
At some point in time, Jerry plunged into the sea.
At some point in time, Jerry thought the distant ship was Arangi.
At some point in time, Jerry hoped to see his beloved Captain Van Horn.
At some point in time, the ship was the yacht Ariel.
At some point in time, the yacht Ariel was traveling around the world.
At some point in time, people on board the yacht Ariel noticed Jerry.
At some point in time, people on board the yacht Ariel saved Jerry.
At some point in time, one of the crewmen recognized Jerry.
At some point in time, one of the crewmen announced that Jerry is a dog of Mr. Haggin.
At some point in time, Mr. Haggin is from Santa Isabel Island.
At some point in time, later, the yacht Ariel arrived at Tulagi harbor.
At some point in time, a commissioner who knew Mr. Haggin sent him a message.
At some point in time, Mr. Haggin sailed to the island with dog Michael.
At some point in time, dog Michael was the brother of Jerry.
At some point in time, the brothers Jerry and Michael met each other.
At some point in time, the brothers Jerry and Michael were separated ten days later.
At some point in time, Jerry stayed on the yacht Ariel with its owner Villa.
At some point in time, Michael stayed on the island.
At some point in time, Jerry and Michael met each other again several years later in California.