At some point in time, Hans Brinker is a 15-year-old boy.
At some point in time, Gretel is Hans Brinker’s younger sister.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker and Gretel yearn to participate in December's great ice skating race on the canal.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker and Gretel have little chance of doing well on their handmade wooden skates.
At some point in time, the prospect of the race excites Hans Brinker and Gretel.
At some point in time, the prize of the silver skates fires the dreams of Hans Brinker and Gretel.
At some point in time, Raff Brinker is Hans Brinker and Gretel's father.
At some point in time, Raff Brinker is sick and amnesiac.
At some point in time, Raff Brinker has violent episodes.
At some point in time, Raff Brinker’s violent episodes are caused by a head injury.
At some point in time, Raff Brinker’s head injury was caused by a fall from a dike.
Raff Brinker cannot work.
At some point in time, Mrs. Brinker must work to support the family.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker must work to support the family.
At some point in time, Gretel must work to support the family.
At some point in time, the Brinker family is looked down upon in the community.
At some point in time, the Brinker family is looked down upon because of their low income.
At some point in time, the Brinker family is looked down upon because of their poor status.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker has a chance meeting with Dr. Boekman.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman is a famous surgeon.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker begs Dr. Boekman to treat Raff Brinker.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman is expensive.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman is gruff in nature.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman is gruff in nature following the loss of his wife.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman is gruff in nature following the disappearance of his son.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman is persuaded to examine Raff Brinker.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman diagnoses Raff Brinker with pressure on the brain.
At some point in time, pressure on the brain can be cured by a risky operation.
At some point in time, the risky operation involves trephining.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker offers his own money to Dr. Boekman.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker saved his own money in the hope of buying steel skates.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman provides Raff Brinker’s surgery for free.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker is able to buy good skates for himself.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker is able to buy good skates for Gretel.
At some point in time, Gretel wins the girls' race.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker lets a friend win the Silver Skates in the boys' race.
At some point in time, the friend needs the Silver Skates more than Hans Brinker.
At some point in time, Mr. Brinker's operation is successful.
At some point in time, Mr. Brinker is restored to health.
At some point in time, Mr. Brinker is restored to memory.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman is changed after the operation.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman loses his gruff ways.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman is able to be reunited with his lost son.
At some point in time, Mr. Brinker aids Dr. Boekman in reuniting with his lost son.
At some point in time, Mr. Brinker's savings were thought lost or stolen ten years ago.
At some point in time, Mr. Brinker’s savings are recovered.
At some point in time, the Brinker parents live a long life.
At some point in time, the Brinker parents live a happy life.
At some point in time, Dr. Boekman helps Hans Brinker go to medical school.
At some point in time, Hans Brinker becomes a successful doctor.
At some point in time, Gretel grows up to enjoy a happy adult life.