At some point in time, Olivia is a female lovely.
At some point in time, Olivia has fled captivity from the city of Akif.
At some point in time, Shah Amurath is a sadistic rogue.
At some point in time, Shah Amurath is Olivia's pursuer and former master.
At some point in time, a figure rises from the reeds before Shah Amurath can lay hands on Olivia.
At some point in time, the newcomer has seen all his friends betrayed and cut down to a man.
At some point in time, the newcomer has escaped into the marshes.
At some point in time, the newcomer has hidden out for so long that he is nearly mad.
At some point in time, the newcomer quickly dispatches Shah Amurath.
At some point in time, the newcomer and Olivia hop in a boat.
At some point in time, the newcomer and Olivia decide to lie low for a little while.
At some point in time, the newcomer identifies himself as Conan the Cimmerian.
At some point in time, Conan and Olivia find their way to a dark and apparently deserted island.
At some point in time, Conan and Olivia spend the night sleeping in ancient ruins.
At some point in time, the ancient ruins are decorated with remarkably lifelike statues.
At some point in time, Olivia has a dream in which she sees a band of men turned into statues.
At some point in time, Olivia wakes convinced that the statues will come to life in the moonlight.
At some point in time, Conan is less than convinced of Olivia's fears.
At some point in time, Conan is more concerned by whatever is lurking in the jungle.
At some point in time, something in the jungle is lobbing giant boulders at Conan and Olivia.
At some point in time, a pirate ship makes port on the island.
At some point in time, Conan leaves Olivia hidden in the brush.
At some point in time, Conan challenges the pirate captain.
At some point in time, the pirate captain is an old rival of Conan.
At some point in time, Conan slays the pirate captain.
At some point in time, Conan is knocked unconscious by a stone from a sling.
At some point in time, the pirates bind Conan.
At some point in time, the pirates take Conan with them to the ruins.
At some point in time, the pirates discuss Conan's fate until they pass out drunk.
At some point in time, Olivia narrowly escapes from a massive and dark figure.
At some point in time, the massive and dark figure pursues Olivia up to the ruins.
At some point in time, Olivia sneaks past the drunken and sleeping pirates.
At some point in time, Olivia frees Conan.
At some point in time, Conan slays the dark figure that pursued Olivia.
At some point in time, the dark figure is a giant man-ape.
At some point in time, the giant man-ape had also been hurling boulders at Conan and Olivia.
At some point in time, Conan recovers from his battle with the man-ape.
At some point in time, Conan and Olivia hear the beginning of a horrific slaughter back at the ruins.
At some point in time, Conan and Olivia quickly head back to the deserted pirate ship.
At some point in time, Conan prepares the ship to sail.
At some point in time, a band of beaten and bedraggled pirates comes and asks to come aboard.
At some point in time, the pirates want to leave the "devil island."
At some point in time, Conan challenges the beaten and bedraggled pirates.
At some point in time, the pirates accept Conan as their captain.
At some point in time, Olivia begs Conan to allow her to stay with him.
At some point in time, Conan laughs and accepts Olivia's request.
At some point in time, Conan says he will make Olivia "Queen of the Blue Sea."