At some point in time, the novel begins in the 1790s.
At some point in time, the novel is set in the coastal town of Monkshaven.
At some point in time, Monkshaven is modeled on Whitby, England.
At some point in time, the practice of impressment occurs during the early phases of the Napoleonic Wars.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson lives happily with her parents on a farm.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson is passionately loved by her cousin Philip.
At some point in time, Philip is a rather dull Quaker.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson meets Charlie Kinraid.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson falls in love with Charlie Kinraid.
At some point in time, Charlie Kinraid is a dashing sailor on a whaling vessel.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson and Charlie Kinraid become secretly engaged.
At some point in time, Charlie Kinraid goes back to his ship.
At some point in time, Charlie Kinraid is forcibly enlisted in the Royal Navy by a press gang.
At some point in time, Philip witnesses the scene of Charlie Kinraid being forcibly enlisted.
At some point in time, Philip does not tell Sylvia Robson about the incident.
At some point in time, Philip does not relay Charlie Kinraid's parting message to Sylvia Robson.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson believes her lover Charlie Kinraid is dead.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson eventually marries her cousin Philip.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson's marriage to Philip is primarily prompted out of gratefulness.
At some point in time, Philip assists Sylvia Robson during a difficult time.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson's father is imprisoned.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson's father is executed for leading a revengeful raid on press-gang collaborators.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson and Philip have a daughter.
At some point in time, Charlie Kinraid inevitably returns to claim Sylvia Robson.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson discovers that Philip knew Charlie Kinraid was still alive.
At some point in time, Philip leaves Sylvia Robson in despair.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson experiences rage and rejection towards Philip.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson refuses to live with Charlie Kinraid because of her child.
At some point in time, Philip joins the army under a pseudonym.
At some point in time, Philip ends up fighting in the Napoleonic Wars.
At some point in time, Philip saves Charlie Kinraid's life.
At some point in time, Charlie Kinraid returns to Britain.
At some point in time, Charlie Kinraid marries.
At some point in time, Charlie Kinraid's wife knows nothing of his history with Sylvia Robson.
At some point in time, Charlie Kinraid's wife informs Sylvia Robson that Charlie Kinraid is a great military leader.
At some point in time, Charlie Kinraid's marriage suggests to Sylvia Robson that he was not as faithful to her.
At some point in time, Sylvia Robson realizes she is actually in love with Philip.
At some point in time, Philip is horribly disfigured by a shipboard explosion.
At some point in time, Philip returns to the small Northumbrian village.
At some point in time, Philip tries to secretly get a glimpse of his child.
At some point in time, Philip stays with the sister of a servant of Sylvia Robson's deceased parents.
At some point in time, Philip rescues his child when she nearly drowns.
At some point in time, Philip is fatally injured while saving his daughter.
At some point in time, Philip's identity becomes known after he is fatally injured.
At some point in time, Philip is reconciled with Sylvia Robson on his deathbed.