At some point in time, three beggars operate in the port of Papeete on Tahiti.
At some point in time, the three beggars are Herrick, a failed English businessman.
At some point in time, the three beggars are Davis, an American sea captain disgraced by the loss of his last ship.
At some point in time, the three beggars are Huish, a dishonest Cockney of various employments.
At some point in time, an off-course schooner carrying a cargo of champagne from San Francisco to Sydney arrives in port.
At some point in time, the officers of the schooner have been killed by smallpox.
At some point in time, the U.S. consul employs Davis to take over the schooner for the remainder of its voyage.
At some point in time, Davis brings Herrick and Huish along with a plan to steal the schooner.
At some point in time, Davis plans to navigate the schooner to Peru.
At some point in time, Davis plans to sell the cargo and vessel in Peru.
At some point in time, Davis plans to disappear with the money from the sale.
At some point in time, Davis and Huish start drinking the cargo of champagne.
At some point in time, Davis and Huish spend almost all of their time intoxicated.
At some point in time, Herrick feels his conscience is severely troubled by the plan.
At some point in time, Herrick feels he has no other way to escape poverty.
At some point in time, Herrick is left alone to manage the schooner.
At some point in time, Herrick is left alone to manage three native crew members.
At some point in time, Herrick has no seafaring experience.
At some point in time, several days later, the would-be thieves discover they have been victims of a fraud.
At some point in time, most of the cargo is not champagne but merely bottles of water.
At some point in time, the shipper and the previous captain had intended to sink the schooner deliberately.
At some point in time, the shipper and the previous captain intended to claim the full value of the "champagne" on insurance.
At some point in time, Davis discovers that his rushed preparations leave the schooner with insufficient food to reach Peru.
At some point in time, the only port they can reach without starving is Papeete.
At some point in time, they would surely be imprisoned for their actions in Papeete.
At some point in time, they sight an unknown island.
At some point in time, they discover an upper-class Englishman named Attwater on the island.
At some point in time, Attwater is a devout Christian.
At some point in time, Attwater has been harvesting pearls on the island for many years.
At some point in time, Attwater has been harvesting pearls with the help of several dozen native workers.
At some point in time, all except four of the native workers have recently died of smallpox.
At some point in time, the three men hatch a new plan to kill Attwater.
At some point in time, the three men plan to take Attwater's pearls.
At some point in time, Herrick's guilt-stricken demeanour betrays the three men.
At some point in time, Huish's drunken ramblings betray the three men.
At some point in time, Attwater and his servants force the three men back onto the schooner at gunpoint.
At some point in time, Herrick jumps overboard and tries to drown himself.
At some point in time, Herrick fails to drown himself.
At some point in time, Herrick swims to the shore.
At some point in time, Herrick throws himself on Attwater's mercy.
At some point in time, Huish proposes a final plan the next day.
At some point in time, Huish's final plan shocks Davis.
At some point in time, Huish plans to meet Attwater under a flag of truce.
At some point in time, Huish plans to disable Attwater by throwing acid in his face.
At some point in time, Attwater is suspicious of Huish's plan.
At some point in time, Attwater realizes what is going on.
At some point in time, Attwater forces Huish to fatally spread the vitriol on himself.
At some point in time, Attwater threatens to kill Davis.
At some point in time, Attwater forgives Davis.
At some point in time, Attwater tells Davis, "Go, and sin no more."
At some point in time, two weeks later, the surviving men prepare to leave the island.
At some point in time, Attwater's own ship approaches the island.
At some point in time, Davis is now repentant.
At some point in time, Davis is fervently religious to an almost crazed degree.
At some point in time, Davis urges Herrick to join him in his faith.
At some point in time, Herrick is an atheist.