At some point in time, Kant proposed a peace program to be implemented by governments.
At some point in time, the "Preliminary Articles" described steps that should be taken immediately.
At some point in time, the "Preliminary Articles" described steps that should be taken with all deliberate speed.
No secret treaty of peace shall be held valid if there is tacitly reserved matter for a future war.
No independent states, large or small, shall come under the dominion of another state by inheritance.
No independent states, large or small, shall come under the dominion of another state by exchange.
No independent states, large or small, shall come under the dominion of another state by purchase.
No independent states, large or small, shall come under the dominion of another state by donation.
At some point in time, standing armies shall in time be totally abolished.
At some point in time, national debts shall not be contracted with a view to the external friction of states.
No state shall by force interfere with the constitution of another state.
No state shall by force interfere with the government of another state.
No state shall, during war, permit acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible.
At some point in time, acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible include the employment of assassins.
At some point in time, acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible include the employment of poisoners.
At some point in time, acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible include breach of capitulation.
At some point in time, acts of hostility that would make mutual confidence in subsequent peace impossible include incitement to treason in the opposing state.
At some point in time, three Definitive Articles would provide a foundation on which to build peace.
At some point in time, the civil constitution of all states shall be republican.
At some point in time, the law of nations shall be founded on a federation of free states.
At some point in time, the law of world citizenship shall be limited to conditions of universal hospitality.
At some point in time, Kant's essay resembles modern democratic peace theory in some ways.
At some point in time, Kant speaks of republican states.
At some point in time, Kant defines republican states to have representative governments.
At some point in time, in republican states, the legislature is separated from the executive.
Kant does not discuss universal suffrage.
At some point in time, universal suffrage is vital to modern democracy.
At some point in time, universal suffrage is quite important to some modern theorists.
At some point in time, later commentators dispute whether universal suffrage is implied by Kant's language.
At some point in time, the essay does not treat republican governments as sufficient by themselves to produce peace.
At some point in time, freedom of emigration is necessary to consciously enact Kant's six-point program.
At some point in time, a league of nations is necessary to consciously enact Kant's six-point program.
At some point in time, Kant claims that republics will be at peace with each other.
At some point in time, Kant claims that republics are more pacific than other forms of government in general.