At some point in time, the four-man crew of the Ares has landed on Mars in the Mare Cimmerium.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis is the ship's American chemist.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis sets out south in an auxiliary rocket to photograph the landscape.
At some point in time, the engine on Dick Jarvis' rocket gives out.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis crash-lands into one of the Thyle regions.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis decides to walk back north to the Ares.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis crosses into the Mare Chronium.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis comes across a tentacled Martian creature attacking a large birdlike creature.
At some point in time, the birdlike Martian is carrying a bag around its neck.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis recognizes the birdlike Martian as an intelligent being.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis saves the birdlike Martian from the tentacled monstrosity.
At some point in time, the rescued creature refers to itself as Tweel.
At some point in time, Tweel accompanies Dick Jarvis on his trip back to the Ares.
At some point in time, Tweel manages to pick up some English.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis is unable to make any sense of Tweel's language.
At some point in time, Tweel travels in tremendous, city-block-long leaps at first.
At some point in time, Tweel's long beak is buried in the ground at the end of its leaps.
At some point in time, Tweel walks beside Dick Jarvis upon seeing him trudge along.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis and Tweel find a line of small pyramids made of silica bricks.
At some point in time, the small pyramids are tens of thousands of years old.
At some point in time, each small pyramid is open at the top.
At some point in time, the pyramids slowly become larger and newer as Dick Jarvis and Tweel follow the line.
At some point in time, the pyramids are ten feet high when Dick Jarvis and Tweel reach the end of the line.
At some point in time, at the end of the line, Dick Jarvis and Tweel find a pyramid that is not open at the top.
At some point in time, a creature with gray scales, one arm, a mouth, and a pointed tail pushes its way out of the top of the pyramid.
At some point in time, the creature pulls itself several yards along the ground.
At some point in time, the creature plants itself in the ground by the tail.
At some point in time, the creature starts exhaling bricks from its mouth at ten-minute intervals.
At some point in time, the creature uses the bricks to build another pyramid around itself.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis realizes that the creature is silicon-based rather than carbon-based.
At some point in time, the creature is neither animal, vegetable, nor mineral, but a little of each.
At some point in time, the strange combination of the creature produces the solid substance silica.
At some point in time, the creature builds itself in with the by-product.
At some point in time, the creature sleeps for an unknown length of time.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis is feeling homesick for New York City.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis thinks about Fancy Long, a woman he knows from the cast of the Yerba Mate Hour show.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis sees Fancy Long standing by the canal.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis begins to approach Fancy Long.
At some point in time, Tweel stops Dick Jarvis from approaching Fancy Long.
At some point in time, Tweel takes out a gun that fires poisoned glass needles.
At some point in time, Tweel shoots Fancy Long.
At some point in time, Fancy Long vanishes.
At some point in time, Fancy Long is replaced by one of the tentacled creatures that Dick Jarvis rescued Tweel from at their first meeting.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis realizes that the tentacled creature lures its prey by projecting illusions into their minds.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis and Tweel approach a city on the canal bank.
At some point in time, a barrel-like creature with four legs, four arms, and a circle of eyes around its waist passes by Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
At some point in time, the barrel creature is pushing an empty, coppery cart.
At some point in time, the barrel creature pays no attention to Dick Jarvis and Tweel as it goes by them.
At some point in time, another barrel-like creature goes by Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
At some point in time, a third barrel-like creature goes by Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis stands in front of the third barrel-like creature.
At some point in time, the third barrel-like creature stops.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis says, "We are friends."
At some point in time, the third barrel-like creature repeats the phrase from a diaphragm atop its body.
At some point in time, the third barrel-like creature says, "We are v-r-r-riends."
At some point in time, the third barrel-like creature pushes past Dick Jarvis.
At some point in time, the next barrel-like creature repeats the phrase as it goes by.
At some point in time, the next barrel-like creature also says, "We are v-r-r-riends! Ouch!"
At some point in time, the cart creatures start returning to the city with their carts full of stones, sand, and chunks of rubbery plants.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis stands in front of one cart creature and refuses to move.
At some point in time, the cart creature tweaks Dick Jarvis' nose hard enough to make him jump aside and yell "Ouch."
At some point in time, every cart creature that passes by after that says "We are v-r-r-riends! Ouch!"
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis and Tweel follow the cart creatures to their destination.
At some point in time, the destination is a mound with a tunnel leading down below it.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis soon becomes lost in the network of tunnels.
At some point in time, hours or days pass before Dick Jarvis and Tweel find themselves in a domed chamber near the surface.
At some point in time, in the domed chamber, Dick Jarvis and Tweel find the cart creatures depositing their loads beneath a wheel.
At some point in time, the wheel grinds the stones and plants into dust.
At some point in time, some of the cart creatures step under the wheel themselves and are pulverized.
At some point in time, beyond the wheel is a shining crystal on a pedestal.
At some point in time, when Dick Jarvis approaches the crystal, he feels a tingling in his hands and face.
At some point in time, a wart on Dick Jarvis' left thumb dries up and falls off when he approaches the crystal.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis speculates that the crystal emits some form of radiation.
At some point in time, the radiation destroys diseased tissue but leaves healthy tissue unharmed.
At some point in time, the cart creatures suddenly begin attacking Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis and Tweel retreat up a corridor.
At some point in time, the corridor fortunately leads outside.
At some point in time, the cart creatures corner Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
At some point in time, Tweel stays by Dick Jarvis' side facing certain death.
At some point in time, the cart creatures are about to finish off Dick Jarvis and Tweel.
At some point in time, an auxiliary rocket from the Ares lands, destroying the cart creatures.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis boards the rocket.
At some point in time, Tweel bounds away into the Martian horizon.
At some point in time, the rocket returns with Dick Jarvis to the Ares.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis tells his story to the other three crew members.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis is preoccupied with recalling the friendship and bond between Tweel and himself.
At some point in time, Captain Harrison expresses regret that they do not have the healing crystal.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis admits that the cart creatures were attacking him because he took the healing crystal.
At some point in time, Dick Jarvis takes out the healing crystal and shows it to the others.