At some point in time, The Confessions of a Young Man is presented as a novel.
At some point in time, The Confessions of a Young Man has a hero named Dayne.
At some point in time, the reader assumes The Confessions of a Young Man is an autobiography.
At some point in time, The Confessions of a Young Man is a true "confession".
At some point in time, Dayne went to Paris as a teenager.
At some point in time, Dayne almost becomes a full Parisian.
At some point in time, Dayne nearly forgets the English language after 15 years.
At some point in time, Dayne sketches with a frankness that is now jubilant.
At some point in time, Dayne sketches with a frankness that is now cynical.
At some point in time, Dayne sketches the luscious "vie de Boheme" that Paris alone could offer.
At some point in time, Dayne loves art.
At some point in time, students move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, cabotins move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, painters move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, poets move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, pale enthusiasts starving for the sake of an idea move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, actresses move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, women of fashion move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, courtesans move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, clubmen move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, spectators move amid scenes splendid, squalid, or bizarre.
At some point in time, artistic endeavour and perfumed vice mingle in fraternity.
At some point in time, everything in Paris is unusual.
At some point in time, everything in Paris is irregular.
At some point in time, everything in Paris is fantastic.
At some point in time, Dayne emerges from the ordeal of the Parisian environment but little changed.
At some point in time, for Dayne, the enticements of the flesh are not more powerful than those of art.
At some point in time, one week, Dayne is beguiling the hours in some salon or alcove.
At some point in time, the next week, Dayne is incandescent with aspiration.
At some point in time, the years pass for Dayne.
At some point in time, Dayne saturates himself with the French theories of literary and graphic art.
At some point in time, the French theories of literary and graphic art are bound up with the names of Flaubert, Goncourts, Zola, Degas, and Manet.
At some point in time, Dayne learns with tragic certainty that he is not destined to be a painter.
At some point in time, Dayne courageously admits that all his periodic, frenzied effort has been misdirected.
At some point in time, there are interludes of philosophy and literary criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man.
At some point in time, the philosophy in The Confessions of a Young Man is perhaps not of much account.
At some point in time, the criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man is often original.
At some point in time, the criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man is epigrammatic.
At some point in time, the criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man is sometimes of astounding penetration.
At some point in time, the criticism in The Confessions of a Young Man is always literary.
At some point in time, Dayne is driven by adverse circumstances to London.
At some point in time, Dayne is driven by adverse circumstances to a lodging in the Strand.
At some point in time, the book ends in a lodging in the Strand.
At some point in time, Dayne's ideas about art can be seen in characteristic passages.
At some point in time, Dayne's temperament can be seen in characteristic passages.
At some point in time, Dayne believed that art was not for him then as it is now.
At some point in time, Dayne believed that art was a mere emotion right or wrong only in proportion to its intensity.
At some point in time, Dayne believed in the grammar of art.
At some point in time, Dayne believed in perspective.
At some point in time, Dayne believed in anatomy.
At some point in time, Dayne believed in la jambe qui forte.