At some point in time, Apollo comes out from Admetus' palace in Pherae.
At some point in time, Apollo is dressed in white.
At some point in time, Apollo is carrying his golden bow.
At some point in time, Apollo intends to leave to avoid becoming stained by the imminent death of Alcestis.
At some point in time, Alcestis is being comforted within the palace.
At some point in time, Apollo offers an exposition of the events leading up to this moment.
At some point in time, Thanatos has come to the palace.
At some point in time, Thanatos is dressed in black.
At some point in time, Thanatos is carrying a sword.
At some point in time, Thanatos has come to lead Alcestis to the underworld.
At some point in time, Thanatos challenges Apollo's apparent defense of Alcestis.
At some point in time, Thanatos accuses Apollo of "twisting slippery tricks."
At some point in time, Apollo helped Admetus cheat death in the first place.
At some point in time, Apollo reassures Thanatos.
At some point in time, Apollo proposes a postponement of Alcestis' death.
At some point in time, Thanatos sarcastically rebuffs Apollo's proposal.
At some point in time, Thanatos concludes that Apollo may not have what is not his.
At some point in time, Apollo leaves angrily.
At some point in time, Apollo prophesies the arrival of a man named Heracles.
At some point in time, Heracles will wrestle Alcestis away from Death.
At some point in time, Thanatos warns that words are not enough.
At some point in time, Thanatos summons the doors open with the tip of his sword.
At some point in time, Thanatos slowly enters the palace.
At some point in time, a chorus of fifteen men of Pherae enters the orchestra of the theatre.
At some point in time, the chorus is led by a coryphaeus.
At some point in time, the chorus-leader complains that they are in a state of suspense.
At some point in time, the chorus is ignorant of whether they ought to be performing mourning rituals for their queen.
At some point in time, the chorus sings a lyrical ode.
At some point in time, the chorus' lyrical ode consists of two paired stanzas of strophe and antistrophe.
At some point in time, the chorus sings of the silence that greets their search for signs of mourning.
At some point in time, the chorus sings of the evidence of Alcestis' death.
At some point in time, the chorus laments that when goodness dies, all good men suffer, too.
At some point in time, the chorus-leader dismisses the chorus' search for hope in the situation.
At some point in time, the King has exhausted every ritual.
At some point in time, a maidservant enters from the palace in tears.
At some point in time, the maidservant gives a confusing response to the chorus-leader.
At some point in time, the maidservant states that Alcestis is alive and dead.
At some point in time, Alcestis stands on the brink of life and death.
At some point in time, the chorus-leader confirms that all of the customary preparations have been made for Alcestis' proper burial.
At some point in time, the maidservant praises Alcestis' virtue.
At some point in time, the maidservant narrates a long description of Alcestis' prayers and preparations to die.
At some point in time, Alcestis cried over the bridal bed that will destroy her.
At some point in time, Alcestis embraced her sobbing children.
At some point in time, Alcestis bade all farewell.
At some point in time, Admetus held Alcestis weeping in his arms.
At some point in time, Alcestis' eyes clung to the sight of the last rays of sun she would see.
At some point in time, the maidservant welcomes the chorus-leader to the palace.
At some point in time, the maidservant goes inside to inform Admetus of their arrival.
At some point in time, Alcestis requests that Admetus never again marry in return for her sacrifice.
At some point in time, Alcestis requests that Admetus never forget her.
At some point in time, Alcestis requests that Admetus never place a resentful stepmother in charge of their children.
At some point in time, Admetus agrees to Alcestis' requests.
At some point in time, Admetus promises to lead a life of solemnity in Alcestis' honour.
At some point in time, Admetus promises to abstain from the merrymaking that was an integral part of his household.
At some point in time, Alcestis then dies.
At some point in time, Heracles arrives at the palace.
At some point in time, Heracles has no idea of the sorrow that has befallen the place.
At some point in time, Admetus decides not to burden Heracles with the sad news.
At some point in time, Admetus instructs the servants to make Heracles welcome.
At some point in time, Admetus instructs the servants to keep their mouths shut.
At some point in time, Admetus breaks his promise to Alcestis to abstain from merrymaking.
At some point in time, Heracles gets drunk.
At some point in time, Heracles begins to irritate the servants.
At some point in time, the servants loved their queen.
At some point in time, the servants are bitter at not being allowed to mourn Alcestis properly.
At some point in time, one of the servants snaps at Heracles.
At some point in time, one of the servants tells Heracles what has happened.
At some point in time, Heracles is deeply embarrassed at his blunder.
At some point in time, Heracles is deeply embarrassed at his bad behaviour.
At some point in time, Heracles decides to ambush and confront Death when the funerary sacrifices are made at Alcestis' tomb.
At some point in time, Heracles returns with a veiled woman.
At some point in time, Heracles tells Admetus he has won the veiled woman in a competition.
At some point in time, Heracles asks Admetus to take care of the veiled woman while Heracles is away on his labours.
At some point in time, Heracles forces a reluctant Admetus to take the veiled woman by the hand.
At some point in time, when Admetus lifts the veil, he finds that it appears to be Alcestis.
At some point in time, Alcestis has returned from the dead.
At some point in time, Heracles has battled Death.
At some point in time, Heracles has forced Death to give Alcestis up.
At some point in time, Alcestis cannot speak for three days.
At some point in time, after three days, Alcestis will be purified.
At some point in time, after three days, Alcestis will be fully restored to life.