At some point in time, Maurice is a Consul at Genes.
At some point in time, Genes is a Mediterranean town.
At some point in time, Maurice is married to Onorina.
At some point in time, Onorina is the daughter of the only wealthy man in Genes.
At some point in time, Maurice was originally extremely reluctant to get married.
At some point in time, Maurice is having a dinner party with guests from Paris.
At some point in time, Maurice recounts some of his history during the dinner party.
At some point in time, Maurice became secretary to Count Octave when he was young.
At some point in time, Count Octave was very good to Maurice.
At some point in time, Count Octave seemed very sad and mysterious.
At some point in time, Count Octave appeared to be hiding some past misfortune.
At some point in time, Maurice discovers that Count Octave had been married.
At some point in time, Count Octave's wife left him.
At some point in time, Count Octave's wife is Honorine.
At some point in time, Honorine was brought up with Count Octave from a very early age.
At some point in time, Honorine had been adopted by Count Octave's parents.
At some point in time, Count Octave and Honorine were devoted to each other.
At some point in time, Count Octave and Honorine became married almost as a matter of course.
At some point in time, Honorine disappeared after a few months of marriage.
At some point in time, Count Octave discovered that Honorine had gone off with an adventurer.
At some point in time, the adventurer abandoned Honorine while she was pregnant.
At some point in time, Honorine had a child.
At some point in time, Honorine lived full of remorse.
At some point in time, Honorine resisted all attempts by Count Octave to get in touch with her.
At some point in time, Count Octave is still devoted to Honorine.
At some point in time, Count Octave secretly helps Honorine in her business of flower arranging.
At some point in time, Honorine refuses to have anything to do with Count Octave.
At some point in time, Count Octave gets Maurice to act as a go-between.
At some point in time, Maurice arranges for Count Octave to occupy the house next to Honorine.
At some point in time, Count Octave poses as a misogynistic flower breeder.
At some point in time, Maurice eventually makes contact with Honorine.
At some point in time, Maurice indirectly puts Count Octave's case to Honorine.
At some point in time, Honorine is still too overcome with remorse and shame.
At some point in time, Honorine eventually agrees to see Count Octave.
At some point in time, Honorine goes back to live with Count Octave.
At some point in time, Maurice has to leave Count Octave's company because of the part he played.
At some point in time, Maurice became consul as a result of leaving Count Octave's company.
At some point in time, two years after leaving Count Octave's company, Maurice hears of Honorine's death.
At some point in time, soon after Honorine's death, Count Octave visits Maurice.
At some point in time, Count Octave had grown old before his time.
At some point in time, Count Octave died shortly after departing from Maurice.
At some point in time, the story includes discussions about the meaning of relationships.
At some point in time, Maurice acts as an interpreter for Count Octave and Honorine.
At some point in time, there is an implication that Maurice had fallen in love with Honorine.
At some point in time, Maurice avoided marriage initially because of his feelings for Honorine.