At some point in time, Challenger sends telegrams asking Edward Malone to join him at his home outside London.
At some point in time, Challenger sends telegrams asking Lord John Roxton to join him at his home outside London.
At some point in time, Challenger sends telegrams asking Professor Summerlee to join him at his home outside London.
At some point in time, Challenger instructs Edward Malone to bring oxygen.
At some point in time, Challenger instructs Lord John Roxton to bring oxygen.
At some point in time, Challenger instructs Professor Summerlee to bring oxygen.
At some point in time, Edward Malone, Lord John Roxton, Professor Summerlee, Challenger, and Challenger's wife are ushered into a sealed room.
At some point in time, Challenger has predicted that the Earth is moving into a belt of poisonous ether.
At some point in time, Challenger expects the poisonous ether to stifle humanity.
At some point in time, Challenger believes that cylinders of oxygen will counter the effect of the ether.
At some point in time, Challenger seals Edward Malone, Lord John Roxton, Professor Summerlee, and Challenger's wife in the room with cylinders of oxygen.
At some point in time, the five individuals wait out the Earth's passage through the poison belt.
At some point in time, the five individuals watch the world outside die.
At some point in time, the five individuals watch machines run amok.
At some point in time, Challenger's servants are left outside the sealed room.
At some point in time, Challenger's servants continue to perform their duties until the ether overtakes them.
At some point in time, the last of the oxygen cylinders is emptied.
At some point in time, the five individuals open a window.
At some point in time, the five individuals are ready to face death.
At some point in time, the five individuals do not die.
At some point in time, the five individuals conclude that the Earth has now passed through the poison belt.
At some point in time, the five individuals journey through the dead countryside in Challenger's car.
At some point in time, the five individuals finally arrive in London.
At some point in time, the five individuals encounter only one survivor.
At some point in time, the one survivor is an elderly, bed-ridden woman.
At some point in time, the elderly, bed-ridden woman is prescribed oxygen for her health.
At some point in time, the five individuals discover that the effect of the ether is temporary.
At some point in time, the world reawakens with no knowledge that the five individuals have lost any time at all.
At some point in time, Challenger and his companions manage to convince the world what happened.
At some point in time, the task of convincing the world is made easier by the tremendous amount of death and destruction caused by runaway machines and fires.
At some point in time, the death and destruction took place while the world was asleep.
At some point in time, humanity is shocked into placing a higher value on life.