At some point in time, Ojo the very unlucky is a young Munchkin boy.
At some point in time, Ojo is devoted to life with his uncle Unc Nunkie in the wilderness.
At some point in time, Ojo is on the verge of starvation.
At some point in time, Ojo goes to see a neighboring magician.
At some point in time, the magician is an old friend of Unc Nunkie.
At some point in time, the magician's name is Dr. Pipt.
At some point in time, Ojo and Dr. Pipt see a demonstration of the Pipt-made Powder of Life.
At some point in time, the Powder of Life animates any object it touches after saying the magic words.
At some point in time, Unc Nunkie suffers the consequences of another of Dr. Pipt's inventions.
At some point in time, the invention is called the Liquid of Petrifaction.
At some point in time, the Liquid of Petrifaction turns Unc Nunkie into a solid marble statue.
At some point in time, Dr. Pipt's wife suffers the consequences of the Liquid of Petrifaction.
At some point in time, Dr. Pipt's wife is turned into a solid marble statue.
At some point in time, Ojo's quest is to collect the five components of an antidote to the Liquid of Petrifaction.
At some point in time, one component is a six-leaved clover.
At some point in time, the six-leaved clover is found only in the Emerald City.
At some point in time, another component is three hairs from the tip of a Woozy's tail.
At some point in time, another component is a gill of water from a dark well.
At some point in time, a dark well is one that remains untouched by natural light.
At some point in time, another component is a drop of oil from a live man's body.
At some point in time, the last component is the left wing of a yellow butterfly.
At some point in time, Ojo receives help from a life-size patchwork doll named Scraps.
At some point in time, Ojo receives help from Bungle the snobbish Glass Cat.
At some point in time, Bungle is another of Dr. Pipt's creations.
At some point in time, Ojo receives help from the Woozy.
At some point in time, Ojo receives help from Dorothy.
At some point in time, Ojo receives help from the Shaggy Man.
At some point in time, Ojo receives help from the Scarecrow.
At some point in time, Ojo gathers all of the supplies except the left wing.
At some point in time, the Tin Woodman rules the yellow Winkie Country.
At some point in time, the yellow Winkie Country is the only place where yellow butterflies grow.
The Tin Woodman will not allow any living thing to be killed.
The Tin Woodman will not allow any living thing to be killed even to save another's life.
At some point in time, the party returns to the Emerald City.
At some point in time, the Wizard of Oz is one of the few allowed to lawfully practice magic in Oz.
At some point in time, the Wizard of Oz uses his own magic to restore Unc Nunkie.
At some point in time, the Wizard of Oz uses his own magic to restore Dr. Pipt's wife.
At some point in time, Ojo's story is a growth process for Ojo.
At some point in time, Ojo learns that luck is not a matter of who you are or what you have.
At some point in time, Ojo learns that luck is a matter of what you do.
At some point in time, Ojo is renamed "Ojo the Lucky."
At some point in time, Ojo appears in the following Oz books.