At some point in time, the plot focuses on the adventures of five Americans on an uncharted island in the South Pacific.
At some point in time, during the American Civil War, five northern prisoners of war decide to escape.
At some point in time, the escape occurs during the siege of Richmond, Virginia.
At some point in time, the escapees hijack a balloon.
At some point in time, the escapees are Cyrus Smith, a railroad engineer in the Union army.
At some point in time, Cyrus Smith is named Cyrus Harding in Kingston's version.
At some point in time, the second escapee is Neb, who is Cyrus Smith's ex-slave and loyal follower.
At some point in time, Neb is short for Nebuchadnezzar.
At some point in time, the third escapee is Bonadventure Pencroff, a sailor.
At some point in time, Bonadventure Pencroff is addressed only by his surname.
At some point in time, Bonadventure Pencroff is named Pencroft in Kingston's translation.
At some point in time, the fourth escapee is Harbert Brown, who is Cyrus Smith's protégé and adopted son.
At some point in time, Harbert Brown is called Herbert in some translations.
At some point in time, the fifth escapee is Gedéon Spilett, a journalist.
At some point in time, Gedéon Spilett is called Gideon Spilett in English versions.
At some point in time, the company is completed by Cyrus Smith's dog "Top".
At some point in time, the group crash-lands on a cliff-bound, volcanic, unknown island.
At some point in time, the island is located at 34°57′S 150°30′W.
At some point in time, the island is about 2,500 kilometres (1,600 mi) east of New Zealand.
At some point in time, the group names the island "Lincoln Island" in honor of their president, Abraham Lincoln.
At some point in time, Cyrus Smith has the knowledge to help the group sustain themselves on the island.
At some point in time, the group produces fire on the island.
At some point in time, the group produces pottery on the island.
At some point in time, the group produces bricks on the island.
At some point in time, the group produces nitroglycerin on the island.
At some point in time, the group produces iron on the island.
At some point in time, the group produces a simple electric telegraph on the island.
At some point in time, the group builds a home on a stony cliffside called "Granite House".
At some point in time, the group builds a seaworthy ship, which they name the "Bonadventure".
At some point in time, the ship is named "Bonadventure" in honor of Pencroff.
At some point in time, the group manages to figure out their geographical location.
At some point in time, during their stay on the island, the group endures bad weather.
At some point in time, the group domesticates an orangutan named Jupiter.
At some point in time, Jupiter is abbreviated to Jup.
At some point in time, there is a mystery on the island involving an unseen deus ex machina.
At some point in time, the unseen deus ex machina is responsible for Cyrus Smith's survival after falling from the balloon.
At some point in time, the unseen deus ex machina is responsible for the mysterious rescue of Top from a dugong.
At some point in time, the unseen deus ex machina is responsible for the appearance of a box of equipment.
At some point in time, the box of equipment contains guns and ammunition, tools, etc.
At some point in time, the group finds a message in a bottle.
At some point in time, the message in the bottle directs the group to rescue a castaway on nearby Tabor Island.
At some point in time, the castaway on Tabor Island is Tom Ayrton.
At some point in time, Tom Ayrton is from "In Search of the Castaways".
At some point in time, on the return voyage to Lincoln Island, the group loses their way in a tempest.
At some point in time, a mysterious fire beacon guides the group back to their course.
At some point in time, Ayrton's former companions arrive by chance on Lincoln Island.
At some point in time, Ayrton's former companions try to make Lincoln Island into their lair.
At some point in time, Ayrton's former companions fight with the protagonists.
At some point in time, the pirate ship is mysteriously destroyed by an explosion.
At some point in time, six of the pirates survive the explosion.
At some point in time, the pirates kidnap Tom Ayrton.
At some point in time, when the colonists go to look for Tom Ayrton, the pirates shoot Harbert.
At some point in time, Harbert is seriously injured by the gunshot.
At some point in time, Harbert survives the gunshot injury.
At some point in time, Harbert suffers from his injury.
At some point in time, Harbert narrowly cheats death.
At some point in time, the colonists initially assume Tom Ayrton has been killed.
At some point in time, the colonists later find evidence that Tom Ayrton was not instantly killed.
At some point in time, it is possible for Tom Ayrton to be alive.
At some point in time, the colonists rashly attempt to return to Granite House before Harbert fully recovers.
At some point in time, Harbert contracts malaria.
At some point in time, Harbert is saved by a box of quinine sulphate.
At some point in time, the box of quinine sulphate mysteriously appears on the table in Granite House.
At some point in time, after Harbert recovers, the colonists attempt to rescue Tom Ayrton.
At some point in time, the colonists attempt to destroy the pirates.
At some point in time, the colonists discover Tom Ayrton at the sheepfold.
At some point in time, the pirates are found dead without any visible wounds.
At some point in time, the secret of the island is revealed to be Captain Nemo's hideout.
At some point in time, the island is the home port of the Nautilus.
At some point in time, Captain Nemo escaped the Maelstrom at the end of "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea".
At some point in time, the Nautilus sailed the oceans of the world until all its crew except Captain Nemo had died.
At some point in time, Captain Nemo is now an old man with a beard.
At some point in time, Captain Nemo returned the Nautilus to its secret port within Lincoln Island.
At some point in time, Captain Nemo had been the mysterious benefactor of the settlers.
At some point in time, Captain Nemo provided the settlers with the box of equipment.
At some point in time, Captain Nemo sent the message revealing Tom Ayrton's location.
At some point in time, Captain Nemo planted the mine that destroyed the pirate ship.
At some point in time, Captain Nemo killed the pirates with an "electric gun".
At some point in time, on his death bed, Captain Nemo reveals his true identity as the lost Indian Prince Dakkar.
At some point in time, Prince Dakkar is the son of a Raja of the then independent territory of Bundelkund.
At some point in time, Prince Dakkar is a nephew of the Indian hero Tippu-Sahib.
At some point in time, Prince Dakkar took part in the failed Indian Rebellion of 1857.
At some point in time, Prince Dakkar escaped to a deserted island with twenty of his compatriots.
At some point in time, Prince Dakkar commenced the building of the Nautilus.
At some point in time, Prince Dakkar adopted the new name of "Captain Nemo".
At some point in time, Captain Nemo tells his life story to Cyrus Smith and his friends.
At some point in time, before he dies, Captain Nemo gives the colonists a box of diamonds and pearls as a keepsake.
At some point in time, Captain Nemo dies crying "God and my country!"
At some point in time, Captain Nemo's phrase is "Independence!" in Verne's original manuscript.
At some point in time, the Nautilus is scuttled.
At some point in time, the Nautilus serves as Captain Nemo's tomb.
At some point in time, the island's central volcano erupts.
At some point in time, the eruption destroys the island.
At some point in time, Jup the orangutan falls into a crack in the ground.
At some point in time, Jup the orangutan dies.
At some point in time, the colonists are forewarned of the eruption by Captain Nemo.
At some point in time, the colonists find themselves safe but stranded on the last remaining piece of the island above sea level.
At some point in time, the colonists are rescued by the ship Duncan.
At some point in time, the ship Duncan had come to rescue Tom Ayrton.
At some point in time, the ship Duncan was redirected by a message Captain Nemo had previously left on Tabor Island.
At some point in time, after the colonists return to the United States, they form a new colony in Iowa.
At some point in time, the colonists use Captain Nemo's gift in their new colony.
At some point in time, the colonists live happily ever after.