At some point in time, this is a suspenseful novel.
At some point in time, the novel is set in Brooklyn.
At some point in time, the novel is set around the time of the end of World War I.
At some point in time, the novel continues the story of Roger Mifflin.
At some point in time, Roger Mifflin is the book seller in Parnassus on Wheels.
At some point in time, the novel details an adventure of Miss Titania Chapman.
At some point in time, the novel details an adventure of a young advertising man named Aubrey Gilbert.
At some point in time, the narrative begins with a young advertising man named Aubrey Gilbert.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert stops by a bookstore named "The Haunted Bookshop."
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert hopes to find a new client.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert meets the proprietor, Roger Mifflin.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert does not succeed in selling advertising copy.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert is intrigued by Roger Mifflin.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert is intrigued by Roger Mifflin's conviction concerning the value books have to the world.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert is intrigued by Roger Mifflin's conviction concerning the value booksellers have to the world.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert's firm's biggest client is Mr. Chapman.
At some point in time, Mr. Chapman is a friend of Roger Mifflin.
At some point in time, Mr. Chapman has asked Roger Mifflin to undertake the education of his daughter.
At some point in time, Mr. Chapman has asked Roger Mifflin to hire his daughter, Titania Chapman, as an assistant.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert returns to the bookstore.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert meets Titania Chapman.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert falls in love with Titania Chapman.
At some point in time, mysterious things start to happen.
At some point in time, a copy of Thomas Carlyle's Letters and Speeches of Oliver Cromwell disappears.
At some point in time, a copy of Thomas Carlyle's Letters and Speeches of Oliver Cromwell reappears.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert is attacked as he travels home.
At some point in time, a pharmacist neighbor of Roger Mifflin is observed skulking in the alley behind the bookstore at night.
At some point in time, the pharmacist neighbor of Roger Mifflin is speaking to someone in German.
At some point in time, an assistant chef at the Octagon Hotel has posted an ad in the New York Times.
At some point in time, the ad promises a reward for a lost copy of Letters and Speeches of Oliver Cromwell.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert starts to sense that something nefarious is afoot.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert suspects that Roger Mifflin is involved in a plot to kidnap Titania Chapman.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert assigns himself the job of protecting Titania Chapman.
At some point in time, Roger Mifflin begins to train Titania Chapman in the booksellers' trade.
At some point in time, Roger Mifflin's focus is centered on books and their content.
At some point in time, Roger Mifflin fails to note the unusual things that are occurring.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert takes a room across from the bookstore.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert takes a room across from the bookstore in order to keep an eye on things.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert believes his suspicions are confirmed when he sees the pharmacist let himself into the bookshop with his own key late at night.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert breaks into the bookshop in an effort to find evidence to prove his suspicions.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert only manages to frighten and anger Titania Chapman.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert learns that Roger Mifflin is to take a day trip to Philadelphia.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert follows Roger Mifflin in the belief that the trip is a part of the kidnapping plot.
At some point in time, in Philadelphia, Aubrey Gilbert confronts Roger Mifflin with his suspicions.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert tells Roger Mifflin of all the things that have occurred.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert and Roger Mifflin realize that a third party had lured Roger Mifflin away from the shop.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert and Roger Mifflin call the bookshop.
At some point in time, Aubrey Gilbert and Roger Mifflin learn that the pharmacist has left a suitcase of books at the bookshop.
At some point in time, the suitcase of books is there for someone else to pick up.
At some point in time, Roger Mifflin tells Titania Chapman to hold on to the suitcase until he returns.
At some point in time, Roger Mifflin and Aubrey Gilbert return to the bookshop.
At some point in time, Roger Mifflin and Aubrey Gilbert find the bookshop locked.
At some point in time, inside the bookshop, the pharmacist and an associate of his have tied up Mrs. Mifflin.
At some point in time, the pharmacist and his associate are menacing Titania Chapman with a gun.
At some point in time, a fight ensues.
At some point in time, part of the bookstore is destroyed by a bomb.
At some point in time, the pharmacist escapes.
At some point in time, the only casualties of the bomb are the pharmacist's partner and Mifflin's dog, Bock.
At some point in time, Roger Mifflin is pleased as the blast knocked down books he had forgotten he had.
At some point in time, in the final chapter of the book, Aubrey Gilbert and Roger Mifflin learn what the true plot was.
At some point in time, the pharmacist was a German spy.
At some point in time, the pharmacist had been using the bookshop as a drop-off point.
At some point in time, the pharmacist was a specialist in making bombs.
At some point in time, the pharmacist had hidden a bomb in one of President Woodrow Wilson's favorite books.
At some point in time, the pharmacist's co-conspirator was the assistant chef at the Octagon Hotel.
At some point in time, the assistant chef at the Octagon Hotel was to be part of the crew on the ship Wilson was to travel on to peace talks in Europe.
At some point in time, the assistant chef at the Octagon Hotel was to plant the bomb in Wilson's cabin in an assassination plot.
At some point in time, the pharmacist was captured by police.
At some point in time, the pharmacist killed himself.