At some point in time, Dr. Randall Forth is desperate to discover a cure for the cyclical 48-year-fever.
At some point in time, the cyclical 48-year-fever is known as Trailmen’s fever.
At some point in time, Dr. Randall Forth persuades Dr. Jay Allison to undergo hypnosis.
At some point in time, Dr. Randall Forth calls forth a secondary personality named Jason Allison.
At some point in time, Jason Allison is gregarious.
At some point in time, Jason Allison is an experienced mountain climber.
At some point in time, Dr. Jay Allison is a cold man.
At some point in time, Dr. Jay Allison is a clinical man.
At some point in time, Dr. Jay Allison has no outdoor skills.
At some point in time, Jason Allison is asked to lead an expedition into the Hellers.
At some point in time, the purpose of the expedition is to collect medical volunteers from among the Trailmen.
At some point in time, Rafe Scott accompanies Jason Allison on the expedition.
At some point in time, Regis Hastur accompanies Jason Allison on the expedition.
At some point in time, Kyla Raineach accompanies Jason Allison on the expedition.
At some point in time, Kyla Raineach is a Renunciate guide.
At some point in time, several others accompany Jason Allison on the expedition.
At some point in time, during the trip, Jay Allison yo-yos between his two personalities.
At some point in time, one personality of Jay Allison is warm and charming.
At some point in time, the other personality of Jay Allison is distant and clinical.
At some point in time, Jason Allison, the warm personality, falls in love with Kyla Raineach.
At some point in time, the party is attacked on the trail by a party of hostile Trailwomen.
At some point in time, as a result of the attack, the Jay personality reappears.
At some point in time, the Jay personality is considerably more formal than the Jason personality.
At some point in time, when the party reaches the Trailmen nest, Jay/Jason is recognized.
At some point in time, the party is invited into the Trailmen’s tree habitat.
At some point in time, the Old Ones of the Sky People inquire why Jay/Jason has brought an armed party of humans to their nest.
At some point in time, Jay/Jason explains his mission to find a remedy for 48-year-fever.
At some point in time, Jay/Jason introduces Regis Hastur to the Old Ones.
At some point in time, Regis Hastur pleads for the Sky People’s assistance.
At some point in time, one hundred Trailmen volunteer.
At some point in time, the party returns to the Terran Trade City with volunteers.
At some point in time, some months later, a serum is developed for the treatment of 48-year-fever.
At some point in time, Regis Hastur arrives to congratulate Jay/Jason Allison.
At some point in time, the exposure to Regis reminds Jay/Jason of the expedition.
At some point in time, the exposure to Regis causes Jay/Jason to merge into a third personality.
At some point in time, the third personality is more stable than the previous personalities.