At some point in time, Mr. Neal is asked to transcribe the deathbed confession of Allan Armadale.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale's story concerns his murder of the man he had disinherited.
At some point in time, the man Allan Armadale disinherited is also called Allan Armadale.
At some point in time, the man Allan Armadale disinherited subsequently married the woman Allan Armadale was betrothed to under false pretensions.
At some point in time, under Allan Armadale's instructions, the confession is left to be opened by Allan Armadale's son once Allan Armadale's son comes of age.
At some point in time, nineteen years later, the son of the murdered man is also named Allan Armadale.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale rescues a man of his own age named Ozias Midwinter.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter reveals himself to Reverend Decimus Brock.
At some point in time, Reverend Decimus Brock is a friend of Allan Armadale through Allan Armadale's late mother.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter is another Allan Armadale, the son of the man who committed the murder.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter tells Reverend Decimus Brock of his desperate upbringing.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter has run away from Ozias Midwinter's mother and stepfather, who is Mr. Neal.
At some point in time, Reverend Decimus Brock promises not to disclose the relation between Ozias Midwinter and Allan Armadale.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter and Allan Armadale become close companions.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter remains haunted by a fear that Ozias Midwinter will harm Allan Armadale.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter's fear is a result of their proximity.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter's fear is a fate warned of in Ozias Midwinter's father's letter.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter's feeling of fear intensifies when Ozias Midwinter and Allan Armadale spend a night on a shipwreck off the Isle of Man.
At some point in time, the shipwreck off the Isle of Man is the very ship on which the murder was committed.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale has a mysterious dream involving three characters while on the vessel.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter believes that the events in Allan Armadale's dream are a prophecy of the future.
At some point in time, three members of Allan Armadale's family die in mysterious circumstances.
At some point in time, one of the mysterious deaths was instigated in the rescue of a woman who attempted to commit suicide by drowning.
At some point in time, as a result of the mysterious deaths, Allan Armadale inherits the estate of Thorpe-Ambrose in Norfolk.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale relocates to Thorpe-Ambrose in Norfolk with Ozias Midwinter.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale intends to make Ozias Midwinter the steward of Thorpe-Ambrose.
At some point in time, once at Thorpe-Ambrose, Allan Armadale falls in love with Eleanor (Neelie) Milroy.
At some point in time, Eleanor (Neelie) Milroy is the sixteen-year-old daughter of Major Milroy.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale has rented a cottage from Major Milroy.
At some point in time, during this time, correspondence takes place between Maria Oldershaw and Lydia Gwilt.
At some point in time, Maria Oldershaw and Lydia Gwilt's correspondence concerns Lydia Gwilt's ambitions to marry Allan Armadale.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt's ambitions to marry Allan Armadale are a means of achieving retribution for Allan Armadale's family's apparent wrongdoings.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt was originally a maid in the service of Allan Armadale's mother.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt is thirty-five but looks twenty-something.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt is the villain of the novel.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt's colourful portrayal takes up much of the rest of the story.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt was originally Allan Armadale's mother's maid.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt is a contributor to the conflict between Allan Armadale's and Ozias Midwinter's fathers.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt is a fortune-hunter.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt is a murderess.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt is unable to alienate Allan Armadale's affections from Miss Milroy.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt settles for marrying Ozias Midwinter.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt discovers that Ozias Midwinter's name is the same as Allan Armadale's.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt plots to murder Allan Armadale.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt plots to have Allan Armadale killed by her ex-husband, who is a Cuban desperado.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt is now "Mrs. Armadale."
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt intends to impersonate Allan Armadale's widow.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale escapes the desperado's attempt on Allan Armadale's life.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale is supposed to have drowned in a shipwreck.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale returns to England.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt's plans are foiled.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt's last shot is to murder Allan Armadale herself.
At some point in time, the weapon Lydia Gwilt intends to use to murder Allan Armadale is poison gas.
At some point in time, the scene of Lydia Gwilt's intended murder of Allan Armadale is a sanatorium run by a quack called Doctor Downward.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt is thwarted by her own conscience.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter and Allan Armadale have switched rooms.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt cannot bring herself to murder her true husband.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt has genuine feelings of love for her true husband.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt rescues Ozias Midwinter.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt writes Ozias Midwinter a farewell note.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt goes into the air-poisoned room.
At some point in time, Lydia Gwilt kills herself.
At some point in time, Allan Armadale marries Miss Milroy.
At some point in time, Ozias Midwinter becomes a writer.
At some point in time, some linking passages consist of letters between the various characters.
At some point in time, some linking passages consist of extracts from Lydia Gwilt's journal.
At some point in time, the great majority of the text narrates the events as they occur.
At some point in time, the novel is enlivened by many minor characters.
At some point in time, Mr. Bashwood is an old failure of a clerk who is infatuated with the beautiful Lydia Gwilt.
At some point in time, James Bashwood is Mr. Bashwood's son.
At some point in time, James Bashwood is a private detective.
At some point in time, Mrs. Oldershaw is an unscrupulous associate of Lydia Gwilt's.
At some point in time, the Pedgifts are father and son.
At some point in time, the Pedgifts are Allan Armadale's sometime lawyers.
At some point in time, Reverend Decimus Brock is a shrewd clergyman.
At some point in time, Reverend Decimus Brock brings Allan Armadale up.
At some point in time, Reverend Decimus Brock is kept out of the way for much of the book.
At some point in time, the question of whether the dream is to be interpreted rationally or superstitiously is never resolved.
At some point in time, Catherine Peters writes that the distortions of the plot reflect and dramatize the ways in which readers’ perceptions were distorted by the assumptions and hypocrisies of society.
At some point in time, the novel is a story of redemption.
At some point in time, the novel teaches that the sins of the fathers are not necessarily visited on the children.
At some point in time, the son of a murderer can turn out good.
At some point in time, Collins was to take up the theme of redemption again later in The Legacy of Cain.