At some point in time, Wells distinguishes between two divergent types of mind.
At some point in time, one type of mind judges and attaches importance principally to what has happened in the past.
At some point in time, the other type of mind judges and attaches importance principally to what will happen in the future.
At some point in time, Wells attributes the adjectives "legal or submissive," "passive," and "oriental" to the past-oriented mind.
At some point in time, Wells attributes the adjectives "legislative, creative, organizing, or masterful," and "active" to the future-oriented mind.
At some point in time, Wells calls the future-oriented mind "a more modern and much less abundant type of mind."
At some point in time, the two types of mind reach divergent and incompatible consequences in the spheres of morality and public affairs.
At some point in time, Wells analyzes the reasons for which the past-oriented mind predominates.
At some point in time, the predominance of the past-oriented mind is principally due to the evidently greater knowability of the personal past compared to the future.
At some point in time, Wells argues that the inference from the past-oriented attitude that the future is essentially unknowable does not square with modern science.
At some point in time, modern science involves relentless systematic criticism of phenomena.
At some point in time, science has made humans knowledgeable about a distant, impersonal past.
At some point in time, science regards the ability to successfully predict as a criterion of validity.
At some point in time, the unpredictability of human behavior complicates the problem of predicting the future.
At some point in time, as individuals increase in number, they begin to average out.
At some point in time, an inductive knowledge of a great number of things in the future is becoming a human possibility.
At some point in time, Wells confesses to believe entirely in the forces behind the individual rather than in individuals themselves as determining causes.
At some point in time, Wells argues that there is no reason why humans should not aspire to discover and use safe and serviceable generalizations upon countless issues in human destiny.
Personal prophecy and fortune-telling will never be possible.
At some point in time, the knowledge of the future that humans may hope to gain will be general and not individual.
At some point in time, Wells speculates about the question of what is to come after man.
At some point in time, Wells considers the question of what is to come after man to be the most persistently fascinating and the most insoluble question in the whole world.
At some point in time, Wells concludes with a statement of personal faith in the coherency and purpose in the world.
At some point in time, Wells expresses faith in the greatness of human destiny.