At some point in time, the "Raffles" stories have two distinct phases.
At some point in time, in the first phase, Raffles and Bunny are men-about-town.
At some point in time, in the first phase, Raffles and Bunny commit burglaries.
Raffles is a famous gentleman cricketer.
Raffles is a marvellous spin bowler.
At some point in time, Raffles is often invited to social events that would be out of his reach otherwise.
At some point in time, Raffles comments that he was asked about for his cricket after the first phase is over.
At some point in time, the first phase ends when Raffles and Bunny are caught and exposed on an ocean voyage.
At some point in time, Raffles and Bunny are caught and exposed while attempting another theft.
At some point in time, Raffles dives overboard during the ocean voyage.
At some point in time, Raffles is presumed drowned after diving overboard.
At some point in time, the stories from the first phase were collected in The Amateur Cracksman.
At some point in time, other stories set in the first phase were written after Raffles had been "killed off".
At some point in time, the other stories set in the first phase were collected in A Thief in the Night.
At some point in time, the second phase begins some time later.
At some point in time, Bunny has served a prison sentence before the second phase begins.
At some point in time, Bunny is summoned to the house of a rich invalid in the second phase.
At some point in time, the rich invalid turns out to be Raffles himself.
At some point in time, Raffles is back in England in disguise during the second phase.
At some point in time, Raffles and Bunny enter their "professional" period in the second phase.
At some point in time, Raffles and Bunny are exiled from Society during their "professional" period.
At some point in time, Raffles and Bunny are straightforward thieves during their "professional" period.
At some point in time, Raffles and Bunny are trying to earn a living during their "professional" period.
At some point in time, Raffles's identity must be kept a secret during their "professional" period.
At some point in time, Raffles and Bunny volunteer for the Boer War.
At some point in time, Bunny is wounded during the Boer War.
At some point in time, Raffles dies in battle during the Boer War.
At some point in time, Raffles exposes an enemy spy before dying in battle.
At some point in time, the stories from the second phase were originally collected in The Black Mask.
At some point in time, the stories from the second phase were subsequently published in one volume with the phase one stories.
At some point in time, the last few stories in A Thief in the Night were set during the second phase.
Raffles was never quite the same after his reappearance.
At some point in time, the "classic" Raffles elements are all found in the first stories.
At some point in time, the "classic" Raffles elements include cricket.
At some point in time, the "classic" Raffles elements include high society.
At some point in time, the "classic" Raffles elements include West End clubs.
At some point in time, the "classic" Raffles elements include Bond Street jewellers.
At some point in time, the "classic" Raffles elements include two men in immaculate evening dress.
At some point in time, the "classic" Raffles elements include pulling off impossible robberies.