Gabriel Crasweller is Britannula's oldest citizen.
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller was born in 1913.
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller emigrated from New Zealand when Gabriel Crasweller was a young man.
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller was instrumental in building the new republic.
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller was part of a group of similar-minded men.
At some point in time, John Neverbend is ten years younger than Gabriel Crasweller.
At some point in time, John Neverbend is serving his term as President of Britannula.
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller voted in favour of the law which introduced the "Fixed Period."
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller gradually becomes more pensive as the day of his deposition approaches.
At some point in time, John Neverbend has long been planning the day of Gabriel Crasweller's deposition.
At some point in time, John Neverbend envisages the day of Gabriel Crasweller's deposition as a day of triumph.
At some point in time, John Neverbend believes that mankind and civilisation will move an enormous step forward towards perfection on the day of Gabriel Crasweller's deposition.
At some point in time, John Neverbend hopes that his name will go down in the annals of history as one of the great reformers.
At some point in time, John Neverbend considers it unfortunate that Gabriel Crasweller does not show any signs of old age.
Gabriel Crasweller is healthy and vigorous.
Gabriel Crasweller's mental abilities have not started to deteriorate in any way.
Gabriel Crasweller is more than capable of managing his own affairs.
Gabriel Crasweller is more than capable of earning his living.
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller starts lying about his age.
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller claims that he was born a year later than 1913.
At some point in time, John Neverbend realizes that measures must be taken to ensure the smooth execution of the Law.
At some point in time, other elderly citizens realize what the state has in store for them.
At some point in time, various individuals have come up with all kinds of excuses and plans to oppose their deposition.
At some point in time, Abraham Grundle is one of the young Senators.
At some point in time, Abraham Grundle is engaged to Gabriel Crasweller's daughter Eva.
At some point in time, Abraham Grundle only wants to inherit Gabriel Crasweller's fortune as soon as possible.
At some point in time, Jack Neverbend turns against John Neverbend.
At some point in time, Sarah Neverbend turns against John Neverbend.
At some point in time, John Neverbend considers it his duty as President to have Gabriel Crasweller deposited.
At some point in time, John Neverbend considers it his duty as a law-abiding citizen to have Gabriel Crasweller deposited.
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller yields to John Neverbend's arguments.
At some point in time, Gabriel Crasweller stoically accepts his fate.
At some point in time, the carriage that is to transport Gabriel Crasweller and John Neverbend to the College is held up in the streets of Gladstonopolis.
At some point in time, British armed forces have arrived on a warship of enormous dimensions.
At some point in time, British armed forces threaten to destroy the whole city with their "250-lb swivel gun."
At some point in time, British armed forces compel John Neverbend to release Gabriel Crasweller.
At some point in time, John Neverbend is compelled to step down as President.
At some point in time, Britannula is re-annexed by Great Britain.
At some point in time, a Governor is installed in Britannula.
At some point in time, John Neverbend is forced to return to England.
At some point in time, John Neverbend commits to paper the recent history of Britannula.
At some point in time, John Neverbend finishes writing the recent history of Britannula only two days before his arrival in England.
At some point in time, John Neverbend plans to write another, more theoretical book on the "Fixed Period."
At some point in time, John Neverbend plans to preach to the English about the necessary step in the progress of mankind.
At some point in time, John Neverbend realizes that he does not know whether he will be treated with respect in the old country.
At some point in time, John Neverbend realizes that he does not know whether he will ever be able to return to Britannula.