At some point in time, Orgon's family is up in arms.
At some point in time, Orgon has fallen under the influence of Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Orgon’s mother has fallen under the influence of Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Tartuffe is a pious fraud.
At some point in time, Tartuffe was a vagrant prior to Orgon's help.
At some point in time, Tartuffe pretends to be pious.
At some point in time, Tartuffe pretends to speak with divine authority.
At some point in time, Orgon no longer takes any action without first consulting Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Orgon’s mother no longer takes any action without first consulting Tartuffe.
Tartuffe's antics do not fool the rest of Orgon's family.
The rest of Orgon's family detests Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Orgon announces that he will marry Tartuffe to his daughter Mariane.
At some point in time, Mariane is already engaged to Valère.
At some point in time, Mariane feels very upset at the news of her marriage to Tartuffe.
At some point in time, the rest of Orgon's family realizes how deeply Tartuffe has embedded himself into the family.
At some point in time, the family devises a scheme to trap Tartuffe into confessing to Elmire.
At some point in time, the family hopes that Orgon will throw Tartuffe out of the house after the confession.
At some point in time, Tartuffe tries to seduce Elmire.
At some point in time, Damis has been eavesdropping on Tartuffe and Elmire.
At some point in time, Damis is no longer able to control his boiling indignation.
At some point in time, Damis jumps out of his hiding place to denounce Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Tartuffe is at first shocked by Damis's actions.
At some point in time, Tartuffe recovers very well after being denounced by Damis.
At some point in time, Damis tells Orgon what happened with Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Tartuffe accuses himself of being the worst sinner.
At some point in time, Orgon is convinced that Damis was lying.
At some point in time, Orgon banishes Damis from the house.
At some point in time, Tartuffe gets Orgon to order that Tartuffe should be around Elmire more than ever.
At some point in time, Orgon signs over all his worldly possessions to Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Elmire takes up the charge again against Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Elmire challenges Orgon to witness a meeting between herself and Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Orgon decides to hide under a table in the same room.
At some point in time, Orgon is confident that Elmire is wrong.
At some point in time, Orgon overhears Elmire resisting Tartuffe's advances.
At some point in time, Tartuffe has incriminated himself beyond all help.
At some point in time, Tartuffe is dangerously close to violating Elmire.
At some point in time, Orgon comes out from under the table.
At some point in time, Orgon orders Tartuffe out of his house.
At some point in time, Tartuffe means to stay in Orgon's house.
At some point in time, Tartuffe shows his hand.
At some point in time, Orgon had admitted to Tartuffe that he had possession of a box of incriminating letters.
At some point in time, the box of incriminating letters was written by a friend, not by Orgon.
At some point in time, Tartuffe had taken charge and possession of the box of incriminating letters.
At some point in time, Tartuffe tells Orgon that Orgon will be the one to leave.
At some point in time, Tartuffe takes his temporary leave.
At some point in time, Orgon's family tries to figure out what to do.
At some point in time, Monsieur Loyal shows up with a message from Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Monsieur Loyal has a message from the court.
At some point in time, Orgon's family must move out from the house.
At some point in time, the house now belongs to Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Dorine makes fun of Monsieur Loyal's name.
At some point in time, Dorine mocks Monsieur Loyal's fake loyalty.
At some point in time, Madame Pernelle had refused to believe any ill about Tartuffe.
At some point in time, Madame Pernelle has become convinced of Tartuffe's duplicity.
At some point in time, Valère rushes in with the news that Tartuffe has denounced Orgon.
At some point in time, Tartuffe has denounced Orgon for aiding and assisting a traitor.
At some point in time, Tartuffe has denounced Orgon for keeping the incriminating letters.
At some point in time, Orgon is about to be arrested.
At some point in time, Tartuffe arrives with an officer.
At some point in time, the officer arrests Tartuffe instead of Orgon.
At some point in time, the officer explains that King Louis XIV has heard of the injustices happening in the house.
At some point in time, King Louis XIV is appalled by Tartuffe's treachery towards Orgon.
At some point in time, King Louis XIV has ordered Tartuffe's arrest.
At some point in time, Tartuffe has a long criminal history.
At some point in time, Tartuffe has often changed his name to avoid being caught.
At some point in time, the King forgives Orgon for keeping the letters.
At some point in time, the King invalidates the deed that gave Tartuffe possession of the house.
At some point in time, the King invalidates the deed that gave Tartuffe possession of all Orgon's possessions.
At some point in time, Orgon's family thanks its lucky stars that it has escaped the mortification of Orgon's potential disgrace.
At some point in time, Orgon's family thanks its lucky stars that it has escaped their dispossession.
At some point in time, the drama ends well.
At some point in time, Orgon announces the upcoming wedding of Valère and Mariane.