At some point in time, a woman arrives in Guernsey.
At some point in time, the woman has a son named Gilliat.
At some point in time, the woman buys a house that is said to be haunted.
At some point in time, Gilliat grows up.
At some point in time, the woman dies.
At some point in time, Gilliat becomes a good fisherman.
At some point in time, Gilliat becomes a good sailor.
At some point in time, people believe Gilliat to be a wizard.
At some point in time, Mess Lethierry lives in Guernsey.
At some point in time, Mess Lethierry is a former sailor.
At some point in time, Mess Lethierry is the owner of the first steamship of the island.
At some point in time, the steamship of the island is named Durande.
At some point in time, Mess Lethierry has a niece named Deruchette.
At some point in time, near Christmas, Deruchette goes to church.
At some point in time, Deruchette sees Gilliat on the road behind her.
At some point in time, Deruchette writes Gilliat's name in the snow.
At some point in time, Gilliat sees Deruchette's gesture.
At some point in time, Gilliat becomes obsessed with Deruchette's gesture.
At some point in time, in time, Gilliat falls in love with Deruchette.
At some point in time, Gilliat goes to play the bagpipes near Deruchette's house.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin is the trusted captain of Durande.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin sets up a plan to sink the ship on the Hanois reef.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin plans to flee with a ship of Spanish smugglers named Tamaulipas.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin gets in touch with Rantaine.
At some point in time, Rantaine is a swindler.
At some point in time, Rantaine had stolen a large sum of money from Mess Lethierry many years ago.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin takes the money from Rantaine at gunpoint.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin sails for the Hanois reef in thick fog.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin can easily swim to the shore from the Hanois reef.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin plans to meet the smugglers and disappear.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin gives the appearance of having drowned.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin mistakenly arrives at the Douvres reef.
At some point in time, the Douvres reef is halfway between Guernsey and France.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin is left alone on the ship.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin is terrified.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin sees a cutter.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin leaps into the water to catch the cutter.
At that moment, Sieur Clubin is grabbed by the leg.
At some point in time, Sieur Clubin is pulled down to the bottom.
At some point in time, everybody in Guernsey finds out about the shipwreck.
At some point in time, Mess Lethierry is desperate to get the Durande's engine back.
At some point in time, Deruchette declares she will marry the rescuer of the engine.
At some point in time, Mess Lethierry swears Deruchette will marry no other.
At some point in time, Gilliat immediately takes up the mission to free the engine from the wreck.
At some point in time, Gilliat endures hunger.
At some point in time, Gilliat endures thirst.
At some point in time, Gilliat endures cold.
At some point in time, Gilliat finds the skeleton of Sieur Clubin on the bottom of the sea.
At some point in time, Gilliat finds the stolen money on the bottom of the sea.
At some point in time, Gilliat eventually succeeds in returning the engine to Mess Lethierry.
At some point in time, Mess Lethierry is very pleased.
At some point in time, Mess Lethierry is ready to honour his promise.
At some point in time, Gilliat appears in front of the people as the rescuer.
At some point in time, Gilliat declines to marry Deruchette.
At some point in time, Gilliat declines to marry Deruchette because he had seen her accepting a marriage proposal.
At some point in time, the marriage proposal is made by Ebenezer Caudry.
At some point in time, Ebenezer Caudry is the young priest recently arrived on the island.
At some point in time, Ebenezer Caudry arranges their hurried wedding.
At some point in time, Ebenezer Caudry helps Deruchette and Gilliat run away on the sailing ship named Cashmere.
At some point in time, Gilliat decides to wait for the tide sitting on the Gild Holm'Ur chair.
At some point in time, the Gild Holm'Ur chair is a rock in the sea.
At some point in time, Gilliat drowns as he watches the Cashmere disappear on the horizon.