At some point in time, a group of people known as the Hyups lives at the top of Mount Munch.
At some point in time, Bini Aru is a Munchkin.
At some point in time, Bini Aru discovered a method of transforming people and objects by merely saying the word "Pyrzqxgl".
At some point in time, Princess Ozma decreed that no one could practice magic in Oz except for Glinda the Good Witch and the Wizard of Oz.
At some point in time, Bini Aru wrote down the directions for pronouncing "Pyrzqxgl".
At some point in time, Bini Aru hid the directions in his magical laboratory.
At some point in time, Bini Aru and his wife are at a fair one day.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru is the son of Bini Aru and his wife.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru thirsts for adventure.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru finds the directions for pronouncing "Pyrzqxgl".
At some point in time, Kiki Aru transforms himself into a hawk.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru visits various countries outside the land of Oz.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru learns that he needs money to pay for a night's lodging in the land of Ev.
Money is not used at all in Oz.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru changes himself into a magpie.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru steals a gold piece from an old man.
At some point in time, a sparrow confronts Kiki Aru with knowledge of the theft.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru says that he did not know what it was like to be wicked before.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru is glad that he is now wicked.
At some point in time, Ruggedo is the Nome who was exiled to the Earth's surface in Tik-Tok of Oz.
At some point in time, Ruggedo overhears the conversation between Kiki Aru and the sparrow.
At some point in time, Ruggedo sees through Kiki Aru's power a chance to get revenge on the people of Oz.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru changes himself and Ruggedo into birds.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru and Ruggedo fly over the Deadly Desert into the Land of Oz.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru and Ruggedo enter Oz as animals.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru and Ruggedo enter Oz to escape detection by Glinda.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru and Ruggedo enter Oz to recruit an army of conquest from the country's wild animal population.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru changes himself and Ruggedo into Li-Mon-Eags.
Li-Mon-Eags are fictional creatures with the heads of lions, the bodies of monkeys, the wings of eagles, and the tails of donkeys.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru lies that they have seen the people of the Emerald City plan to enslave the animal inhabitants of the Forest.
At some point in time, Ruggedo claims that the Li-Mon-Eags will transform the animals into humans.
At some point in time, Ruggedo claims that the Li-Mon-Eags will march on the Emerald City.
At some point in time, Ruggedo claims that the Li-Mon-Eags will transform the inhabitants of the Emerald City into animals.
At some point in time, Ruggedo claims that the Li-Mon-Eags will drive the inhabitants of the Emerald City into the forest.
At some point in time, Ruggedo proves their power by having Kiki Aru transform Loo the unicorn into a man and back again.
At some point in time, Gugu is the leopard king.
At some point in time, Gugu offers to meet with the leaders of the other animal tribes to decide on the matter of invasion.
At some point in time, Dorothy and the Wizard arrive with the Cowardly Lion and the Hungry Tiger in the Forest of Gugu.
At some point in time, Dorothy and the Wizard have a request for monkeys to train in time for Ozma's upcoming birthday party.
At some point in time, Ruggedo recognizes his old enemies.
At some point in time, Ruggedo inspires Kiki Aru to begin transforming people and animals.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru transforms Ruggedo into a goose.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru transforms himself into a fox.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru transforms the Wizard into a fox.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru follows the Li-Mon-Eag deep into the forest.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru begins transforming monkeys into giant human soldiers.
At some point in time, Kiki Aru makes the giant human soldiers so big that they cannot move through the trees.
At some point in time, the Wizard heard how to correctly pronounce "Pyrzqxgl".
At some point in time, the Wizard transforms Kiki Aru into a walnut.
At some point in time, the Wizard transforms Ruggedo into a hickory nut.
At some point in time, the Wizard resumes his rightful form.
At some point in time, the Wizard changes Dorothy back to her form.
At some point in time, the Wizard changes the Cowardly Lion back to his form.
At some point in time, the Wizard changes the Hungry Tiger back to his form.
At some point in time, the Wizard changes Gugu back to his form.
At some point in time, the Wizard agrees to change the soldiers back into monkeys.
At some point in time, the Wizard recruits several of the grateful monkeys.
At some point in time, the Wizard shrinks the grateful monkeys down to bring back to the Emerald City.
At some point in time, Dorothy and the Wizard are dispatched to a magic island.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill and Trot went to the magic island to get a magic flower for Ozma's birthday.
At some point in time, the island causes anything living that touches it to take root there.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill and Trot are found when Dorothy and the Wizard arrive.
At some point in time, the Wizard uses "Pyrzqxgl" to change Cap'n Bill into a honeybee.
At some point in time, the Wizard uses "Pyrzqxgl" to change Trot into a honeybee.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill narrowly avoids being eaten by the Cowardly Lion.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill narrowly avoids being eaten by the Hungry Tiger.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill retrieves the flower by strapping a wood plank onto his good leg.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill walks with the wood plank and his wooden leg onto the island.
At some point in time, Cap'n Bill retrieves the flower.
At some point in time, Ozma and her friends celebrate her birthday at the Emerald City.
At some point in time, Ozma and her friends celebrate her birthday without quite the pomp and fanfare from The Road to Oz.
At some point in time, Ozma and her friends decide how to deal with the evil magicians transformed into nuts.
At some point in time, the Wizard uses "Pyrzqxgl" to change Kiki Aru back to his original form.
At some point in time, the Wizard uses "Pyrzqxgl" to change Ruggedo back to his original form.
At some point in time, the Wizard makes Kiki Aru thirsty enough to drink the Water of Oblivion.
The Water of Oblivion will make Kiki Aru forget all that he has ever known.
At some point in time, the now-blank slate Kiki Aru will live in the Emerald City.
At some point in time, the now-blank slate Kiki Aru will learn to be good and kind.
At some point in time, Ruggedo will live in the Emerald City.
At some point in time, Ruggedo will learn to be good and kind.