At some point in time, Alfred Russel Wallace wrote a tribute to Charles Darwin in 1883.
At some point in time, the tribute was entitled 'The Debt of Science to Darwin'.
At some point in time, Charles Darwin died in 1882.
At some point in time, one tribute appeared in 'The Century', an illustrated monthly magazine.
At some point in time, Alfred Russel Wallace included a summary of Charles Darwin's work in the tribute.
At some point in time, the cowslip (Primula veris) has two kinds of flowers in nearly equal proportions.
At some point in time, in one kind of flower, the stamens are long and the style is short.
At some point in time, in the other kind of flower, the stamens are short and the style is long.
At some point in time, in the first kind of flower, the stamens are visible at the mouth of the tube of the flower.
At some point in time, in the second kind of flower, the stigma occupies the same place as the stamens.
At some point in time, the fact about the cowslip had been known to botanists for 70 years.
At some point in time, the fact about the cowslip had been classed as a case of mere variability.
At some point in time, the case of mere variability was considered to be of no importance.
At some point in time, in 1860, Charles Darwin set out to find out what the variation in cowslips meant.
At some point in time, according to Charles Darwin's views, a definite variation must have a purpose.
At some point in time, after a considerable amount of observation and experiment, Charles Darwin found that bees and moths visited the flowers.
At some point in time, the proboscis of bees and moths became covered with pollen while sucking up the nectar.
At some point in time, the pollen of a long-stamened plant would most surely be deposited on the stigma of the long-styled plants.
At some point in time, the pollen of a short-stamened plant would most surely be deposited on the stigma of the short-styled plants.
At some point in time, a long series of experiments followed.
At some point in time, cowslips were fertilised with either pollen from the same kind or from a different kind of flower.
At some point in time, the invariable result was that crosses between the two different types of flowers produced more good capsules.
At some point in time, the invariable result was that crosses between the two different types of flowers produced more seed in each capsule.
At some point in time, the crosses between the two different types of flowers would be most frequently effected by insects.
At some point in time, the curious arrangement of the flowers directly served to increase the fertility of the cowslip.
At some point in time, the same thing was found to occur in the primrose.
At some point in time, the same thing was found to occur in flax (Linum perenne).
At some point in time, the same thing was found to occur in lungworts (Pulmonaria).
At some point in time, the same thing was found to occur in the American partridge-berry (Mitchella repens).
At some point in time, these plants are called dimorphic heterostyled plants.
At some point in time, the common loosestrife (Lythrum salicaria) has both stamens and styles of three distinct lengths.
At some point in time, each flower of the common loosestrife has two sets of stamens and one style, all of different lengths.
At some point in time, the common loosestrife flowers are arranged in three different ways.
At some point in time, one arrangement has a short style, with six medium and six long stamens.
At some point in time, one arrangement has a medium style, with six short and six long stamens.
At some point in time, one arrangement has a long style, with six medium and six short stamens.
At some point in time, the flowers of the common loosestrife can be fertilised in eighteen distinct ways.
At some point in time, the fertilisation of the common loosestrife necessitates a vast number of experiments.
At some point in time, the result of the experiments is that flowers fertilised by the pollen from stamens of the same length as the styles gave a larger number of capsules on average.
At some point in time, the result of the experiments is that flowers fertilised by the pollen from stamens of the same length as the styles gave a very much larger number of seeds than in any other case.
At some point in time, the exact correspondence in the length of the style of each form with that of one set of stamens in the other form insures that the pollen attached to any part of the body of an insect shall be applied to a style of the same length on another plant.
At some point in time, there is a triple chance of the maximum of fertility due to the arrangement of the flowers.
At some point in time, there is clear proof that the complex arrangements of the flowers have the important end of securing both a more abundant and more vigorous offspring.
At some point in time, observations and experiments continue today to further the understanding of this phenomenon.
At some point in time, the phenomenon was instigated by Charles Darwin in his original and seminal work.