At some point in time, the novel has a complex plot.
At some point in time, the complexity of the plot is common in Collins’ work.
At some point in time, a selfish and ambitious man casts off his wife.
At some point in time, the selfish and ambitious man casts off his wife in order to marry a wealthier woman.
At some point in time, the selfish and ambitious man casts off his wife in order to marry a better-connected woman.
At some point in time, the selfish and ambitious man takes advantage of a loophole in the marriage laws of Ireland.
At some point in time, the initial action takes place in the house of the widowed Lady Lundie.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn has promised marriage to his lover Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester is the governess to Lady Lundie's stepdaughter Blanche.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester has incurred the enmity of her employer.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn is a spendthrift.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn is about to be disinherited.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn wishes to escape from his promise to Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn wishes to marry a wealthy wife.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn is obliged to arrange a rendezvous with Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn arranges the rendezvous with Anne Silvester in the character of his wife.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn documents the rendezvous in an exchange of notes with Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, urgent matters force Geoffrey Delamayn to send his friend Arnold Brinkworth to Anne Silvester in his place.
At some point in time, Arnold Brinkworth is Blanche's fiancé.
At some point in time, to gain access to Anne Silvester, Arnold Brinkworth must ask for "his wife".
At some point in time, nothing improper passes between Arnold Brinkworth and Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, Arnold Brinkworth and Anne Silvester appear to the landlady to be man and wife.
At some point in time, Arnold Brinkworth and Anne Silvester appear to Bishopriggs to be man and wife.
At some point in time, both Geoffrey Delamayn and Arnold Brinkworth might be deemed to be married to Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, the weight put on the spoken and written evidence determines if Geoffrey Delamayn and Arnold Brinkworth are deemed to be married to Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, most of the novel concerns the attempts of Anne Silvester, Geoffrey Delamayn, and Arnold Brinkworth to clarify their marital status.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester needs to be married to save her reputation.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn wishes to cast off Anne Silvester by asserting that she is married to Arnold Brinkworth.
At some point in time, Arnold Brinkworth wishes to marry Blanche.
At some point in time, Arnold Brinkworth fears he has accidentally already married Anne Silvester under Scots law.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn is a keen athlete.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn courts Mrs. Glenarm.
At some point in time, Mrs. Glenarm is a wealthy young widow.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester consults lawyers.
At some point in time, the lawyers give Anne Silvester conflicting advice about her position.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester tries to explain the situation to Mrs. Glenarm.
At some point in time, Mrs. Glenarm rebuffs Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, Arnold Brinkworth seeks the advice of Lady Lundie’s brother-in-law Sir Patrick Lundie.
At some point in time, Sir Patrick Lundie is a retired lawyer.
At some point in time, Sir Patrick Lundie approaches the problem with energy.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn’s determination that his scheme shall succeed is not immediately successful.
At some point in time, the unsatisfactory state of the law contributes to Geoffrey Delamayn’s scheme not being immediately successful.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn ascertains that the correspondence linking him and Anne Silvester exists.
At some point in time, the correspondence linking Geoffrey Delamayn and Anne Silvester was stolen at the inn by Bishopriggs.
At some point in time, Bishopriggs tries to extort money for the correspondence.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester strongly wishes to remove any impediment to Blanche and Arnold Brinkworth’s marriage.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester comes to the conclusion that she must retrieve the letter from Bishopriggs.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester forces Bishopriggs to give her the letter.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester threatens to reveal the contents of the letter to Bishopriggs.
At some point in time, revealing the contents of the letter would make it worthless for blackmail.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester offers to reveal her relations with Geoffrey Delamayn.
At some point in time, revealing her relations with Geoffrey Delamayn would cost Anne Silvester her reputation.
At some point in time, Sir Patrick Lundie is impressed by Anne Silvester's courageous and honourable behaviour.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester makes her revelations at a meeting of all the parties and their lawyers.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn can no longer avoid honouring his promise to Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn acknowledges Anne Silvester as his wife.
At some point in time, a sub-plot concerns Geoffrey Delamayn’s athleticism.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn is discovered to have a serious physical ailment.
At some point in time, the serious physical ailment renders Geoffrey Delamayn liable to a paralytic stroke.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn collapses near the end of an important race.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn represents the South of England in the race against the North.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn's opponent is the victor in the race.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn's friends desert him.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn's friends desert him after losing their bets placed on him.
At some point in time, the novel finally becomes a thriller.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn takes Anne Silvester to a secluded cottage.
At some point in time, Hester Dethridge is the cook-housekeeper at the secluded cottage.
At some point in time, Hester Dethridge is mute.
At some point in time, Hester Dethridge inadvertently reveals to Geoffrey Delamayn that she murdered her husband.
At some point in time, Hester Dethridge's husband was brutal and rapacious.
At some point in time, Hester Dethridge murdered her husband by dismantling part of the wall of his locked bedroom.
At some point in time, Hester Dethridge murdered her husband by leaning through and smothering him.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn forces Hester Dethridge to show him how to murder Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn gets Anne Silvester to sleep in a suitably-placed bed.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn suffers a stroke when about to smother Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Delamayn is unconscious when Hester Dethridge throttles him.
At some point in time, Hester Dethridge belatedly recognizes the enormity of what she has been abetting.
At some point in time, Sir Patrick Lundie knows the danger in which Anne Silvester is placed.
At some point in time, Sir Patrick Lundie has kept watch outside the house.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester gives the alarm.
At some point in time, Sir Patrick Lundie duly rescues Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, in the final scene, Lady Lundie awaits a visit from Sir Patrick Lundie.
At some point in time, Lady Lundie is chagrined to discover that the lady in question takes precedence over her in the family.
At some point in time, the lady in question is Anne Silvester.
At some point in time, Anne Silvester is Lady Lundie's enemy.