At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is the 19-year-old heir to the manor at Saddle Meadows in upstate New York.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is engaged to Lucy Tartan.
At some point in time, Lucy Tartan is blonde.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior's, engagement to Lucy Tartan is approved by Pierre Glendinning, junior's, mother.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior's, mother controls the estate since the death of Pierre Glendinning, junior's, father.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior's, father is Pierre Glendinning, senior.
At some point in time, Isabel Banford claims that she is Pierre Glendinning, junior's, half-sister.
At some point in time, Isabel Banford is the illegitimate and orphaned child of Pierre Glendinning, junior's, father.
At some point in time, Isabel Banford is a European refugee.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, devises a remarkable scheme to preserve his father’s name.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, devises a remarkable scheme to spare his mother’s grief.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, devises a remarkable scheme to give Isabel Banford her proper share of the estate.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, announces to his mother that he is married.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior's, mother throws him out of the house.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, departs for New York City with Isabel Banford.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, departs for New York City with Delly Ulver.
At some point in time, Delly Ulver is a disgraced young woman.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, finds and reads a fragment of a treatise on "Chronometricals and Horologicals."
At some point in time, the treatise on "Chronometricals and Horologicals" discusses the differences between absolute and relative virtue.
At some point in time, the treatise on "Chronometricals and Horologicals" is written by Plotinus Plinlimmon.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, counts on the hospitality of Glendinning Stanley.
At some point in time, Glendinning Stanley is Pierre Glendinning, junior's, friend and cousin.
At some point in time, Glendinning Stanley refuses to recognize Pierre Glendinning, junior.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, Isabel Banford, and Delly Ulver find rooms in the Church of the Apostles.
At some point in time, the Church of the Apostles is a former church converted to apartments.
At some point in time, the Church of the Apostles is populated by impecunious artists, writers, spiritualists, and philosophers.
At some point in time, Plinlimmon is a mysterious resident of the Church of the Apostles.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, attempts to earn money by writing a book.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is encouraged by his juvenile successes as a writer.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, learns that his mother has died.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior's, mother left the Saddle Meadows estate to Glendinning Stanley.
At some point in time, Glendinning Stanley is now engaged to marry Lucy Tartan.
At some point in time, Lucy Tartan shows up at the Apostles.
At some point in time, Lucy Tartan is determined to share Pierre Glendinning, junior's, life and lot.
At some point in time, Lucy Tartan is determined to share Pierre Glendinning, junior's, life and lot despite his apparent marriage to Isabel Banford.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, and the three women live together in the Church of the Apostles.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, and the three women live together as best they can.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, and the three women have scant money.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior's, writing does not go well.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, has been "Timonized" by his experiences.
At some point in time, the darker truths Pierre Glendinning, junior, has come to recognize cannot be reconciled with the light and innocent literature the market seeks.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is unable to write.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, has a vision in a trance of an earth-bound stone giant Enceladus.
At some point in time, Enceladus assaults the heavenly Mount of Titans.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by debts.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by fears of the threats of Glendinning Stanley.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by fears of Lucy Tartan’s brother.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by the rejection of his book by its contracted publishers.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by fears of his own incestuous passion for Isabel Banford.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is beset by doubts of the truth of Isabel Banford’s story.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, guns down Glendinning Stanley at rush hour on Broadway.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, is taken to jail in The Tombs.
At some point in time, Isabel Banford visits Pierre Glendinning, junior, in jail.
At some point in time, Lucy Tartan visits Pierre Glendinning, junior, in jail.
At some point in time, Lucy Tartan dies of shock when Isabel Banford addresses Pierre Glendinning, junior, as her brother.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, seizes upon the secret poison vial that Isabel Banford carries.
At some point in time, Pierre Glendinning, junior, drinks the secret poison vial.
At some point in time, Isabel Banford finishes the remainder of the secret poison vial.
At some point in time, the novel ends with three corpses.