At some point in time, The Soul of a Bishop tells the story of a spiritual crisis.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope is the Lord Bishop of Princhester.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope gives up his diocese in England's industrial heartland.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope leaves the Anglican Church.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope is troubled during World War I by doctrinal doubts.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope feels a sense of the irrelevance of his Anglicism.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope experiences nervousness.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope suffers from insomnia.
At some point in time, a crisis is precipitated by a visit to a wealthy parishioner's home.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope meets an extremely wealthy American widow named Lady Sunderbund.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope speaks to Lady Sunderbund for the first time about his religious discontent.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope takes a drug.
At some point in time, the drug does not mitigate Edward Scrope's symptoms.
At some point in time, the drug gives Edward Scrope a new and more vivid apprehension of things.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope experiences a mystical vision of "the Angel of God."
At some point in time, Edward Scrope experiences a vision of God in the North Library of the Athenaeum Club, London.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope emerges from the experience convinced that he must leave the Church.
At some point in time, Bishop Likeman is an old mentor of Edward Scrope.
At some point in time, Bishop Likeman persuades Edward Scrope to wait three months before doing anything.
At some point in time, during the three months, Edward Scrope continues in his episcopal duties.
At some point in time, Bishop Scrope keeps these developments from his wife, Lady Ella.
At some point in time, Bishop Scrope keeps these developments from his four daughters.
At some point in time, Lady Sunderbund arrives unannounced in Princhester.
At some point in time, Lady Sunderbund vows to become Edward Scrope's spiritual pupil.
At some point in time, the strain of the new situation leads Edward Scrope to take Dr. Dale's drug a second time.
At some point in time, under the influence of the drug, Edward Scrope has a second vision.
At some point in time, the second vision is of the terrestrial globe in a state of spiritual ferment.
At some point in time, the world's clergy is not ministering to the state of spiritual ferment.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope delivers a heretical confirmation address in the cathedral.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope resolves to leave the Church thereafter.
At some point in time, Lady Sunderbund wishes to devote her riches to helping Edward Scrope found a new church.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope realizes in a third vision that this time is not mediated by any drug.
At some point in time, in the new religion, Edward Scrope must serve without any idea of any pulpit.
At some point in time, in the new religion, Edward Scrope must serve without any sustained mission.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope realizes in a final epiphany that his refusal to trust his family to God has been holding him back.
At some point in time, Edward Scrope realizes that his distrust has been the flaw in the faith of all religious systems hitherto.
At some point in time, Scrope's spiritual crisis is resolved five years after it began.