At some point in time, Barbra (Judith O'Dea) and Johnny Blair (Russell Streiner) drive to rural Pennsylvania for an annual visit to their father's grave.
At some point in time, Barbara is attacked by a strange man (Bill Hinzman).
At some point in time, Johnny Blair tries to rescue Barbara.
At some point in time, the strange man throws Johnny Blair against a gravestone.
At some point in time, Johnny Blair strikes his head on the gravestone.
At some point in time, Johnny Blair is left unconscious.
At some point in time, Barbara escapes on foot.
At some point in time, the strange man pursues Barbara.
At some point in time, Barbara arrives at a farmhouse.
At some point in time, Barbara discovers a woman's mangled corpse in the farmhouse.
At some point in time, Barbara flees from the farmhouse.
At some point in time, Barbara is confronted by strange menacing figures.
At some point in time, Ben (Duane Jones) takes Barbara into the house.
At some point in time, Ben drives the "monsters" away.
At some point in time, Ben seals the doors and windows of the house.
At some point in time, Barbra slowly descends into a stupor of shock and insanity throughout the night.
At some point in time, Ben and Barbra are unaware that the farmhouse has a cellar.
At some point in time, the cellar houses an angry married couple named Harry (Karl Hardman) and Helen Cooper (Marilyn Eastman).
At some point in time, Harry Cooper and Helen Cooper are accompanied by their daughter Karen (Kyra Schon) in the cellar.
At some point in time, Harry Cooper, Helen Cooper, and Karen sought refuge after a group of the same monsters overturned their car.
At some point in time, Tom (Keith Wayne) and Judy (Judith Ridley) are a teenage couple.
At some point in time, Tom and Judy arrive after hearing an emergency broadcast about a series of brutal murders.
At some point in time, Karen has fallen seriously ill after being bitten by one of the monsters.
At some point in time, Ben turns on a radio.
At some point in time, Barbra awakens from her stupor when Ben turns on the radio.
At some point in time, Harry demands that everyone hide in the cellar.
At some point in time, Ben deems the cellar a "deathtrap."
At some point in time, Ben continues upstairs to barricade the house with Tom's help.
At some point in time, radio reports explain that a wave of mass murder is sweeping across the eastern United States.
At some point in time, Ben finds a television.
At some point in time, Ben and others watch an emergency broadcaster (Charles Craig) report that the recently deceased have become reanimated.
At some point in time, the reanimated are consuming the flesh of the living.
At some point in time, experts, scientists, and the United States military fail to discover the cause of the reanimation.
At some point in time, one scientist suspects radioactive contamination from a space probe.
At some point in time, the space probe returned from Venus.
At some point in time, the space probe was deliberately exploded in the Earth's atmosphere when the radiation was detected.
At some point in time, Ben plans to obtain medical care for Karen.
At some point in time, the reports list local rescue centers offering refuge and safety.
At some point in time, Ben and Tom refuel Ben's truck.
At some point in time, Harry hurls molotov cocktails from an upper window at the "undead."
At some point in time, Judy follows Harry, fearing Tom's safety.
At some point in time, Tom accidentally spills gasoline on the truck.
At some point in time, the truck is set ablaze.
At some point in time, Tom and Judy try to drive the truck away from the pump.
At some point in time, Judy is unable to free herself from the truck's door.
At some point in time, the truck explodes.
At some point in time, the explosion instantly kills Tom and Judy.
At some point in time, the undead promptly eat the charred remains of Tom and Judy.
At some point in time, Ben returns to the house.
At some point in time, Ben is locked out by Harry.
At some point in time, Ben eventually forces his way back into the house.
At some point in time, Ben beats Harry, angered by Harry's cowardice.
At some point in time, the undead feed on the remains of Tom and Judy.
At some point in time, a news report reveals that only a gunshot or heavy blow to the head can stop the undead.
At some point in time, setting the "reactivated bodies" on fire can also stop the undead.
At some point in time, the news report states that posses of armed men are patrolling the countryside to restore order.
At some point in time, the lights go out moments later.
At some point in time, the undead break through the barricades.
At some point in time, Harry grabs Ben's rifle.
At some point in time, Harry threatens to shoot Ben.
At some point in time, Ben wrestles the gun away from Harry.
At some point in time, Ben fires the rifle.
At some point in time, Harry stumbles into the cellar.
At some point in time, Harry collapses next to Karen.
At some point in time, Harry is mortally wounded.
At some point in time, Karen has also died from her illness.
At some point in time, the undead try to pull Helen and Barbra through the windows.
At some point in time, Helen frees herself from the undead.
At some point in time, Helen returns to the refuge of the cellar.
At some point in time, Karen is reanimated and eating Harry's corpse.
At some point in time, Helen is frozen in shock.
At some point in time, Karen stabs Helen to death with a masonry trowel.
At some point in time, Barbra sees Johnny Blair among the undead.
At some point in time, Barbra is carried away by the horde.
At some point in time, Barbra is devoured by the undead.
At some point in time, the undead overrun the house.
At some point in time, Ben seals himself inside the cellar.
At some point in time, Harry and Helen are reanimating in the cellar.
At some point in time, Ben is forced to shoot Harry and Helen.
At some point in time, Ben is awakened by the posse's gunfire outside the next morning.
At some point in time, Ben ventures upstairs.
At some point in time, a member of the posse mistakes Ben for one of the undead.
At some point in time, a member of the posse shoots Ben through the forehead.
At some point in time, the film ends with a photo montage of Ben.
At some point in time, Ben's body is thrown into the posse's bonfire.