At some point in time, wealthy countryman Mr. Hardcastle arranges for his daughter Kate to meet Charles Marlow.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow is the son of a rich Londoner.
At some point in time, Mr. Hardcastle hopes that Kate and Charles Marlow will marry.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow is nervous around upper-class women.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow is the complete opposite around working-class women.
At some point in time, Kate realizes she will have to pretend to be 'common'.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow will not woo Kate if she does not pretend to be 'common'.
At some point in time, Kate 'stoops to conquer' by posing as a maid.
At some point in time, Kate hopes to put Charles Marlow at his ease.
At some point in time, Kate hopes that Charles Marlow will fall for her.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow sets out for the Hardcastle's manor with a friend.
At some point in time, George Hastings is a friend of Charles Marlow.
At some point in time, George Hastings is an admirer of Miss Constance Neville.
At some point in time, Miss Constance Neville is another young lady who lives with the Hardcastles.
At some point in time, during the journey, Charles Marlow and George Hastings become lost.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow and George Hastings stop at an alehouse for directions.
At some point in time, the alehouse is called The Three Jolly Pigeons.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin is Kate's step-brother.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin is a cousin of Constance.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin comes across Charles Marlow and George Hastings at the alehouse.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin realizes the identity of Charles Marlow and George Hastings.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin plays a practical joke on Charles Marlow and George Hastings.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin tells Charles Marlow and George Hastings that they are a long way from their destination.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin tells Charles Marlow and George Hastings that they will have to stay overnight at an inn.
At some point in time, the "inn" Tony Lumpkin directs them to is in fact the home of the Hardcastles.
At some point in time, the Hardcastles have been expecting Charles Marlow and George Hastings.
At some point in time, the Hardcastles go out of their way to make Charles Marlow and George Hastings welcome.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow and George Hastings believe themselves to be in an inn.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow and George Hastings behave extremely disdainfully towards their hosts.
At some point in time, Mr. Hardcastle bears the unwitting insults of Charles Marlow and George Hastings with forbearance.
At some point in time, Mr. Hardcastle bears the unwitting insults because of his friendship with Charles Marlow's father.
At some point in time, Kate learns of her suitor's shyness from Constance.
At some point in time, a servant tells Kate about Tony Lumpkin's trick.
At some point in time, Kate decides to masquerade as a serving-maid.
At some point in time, Kate changes her accent and garb to masquerade as a serving-maid.
At some point in time, Kate wants to get to know Charles Marlow.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow falls in love with Kate.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow plans to elope with Kate.
At some point in time, Charles Marlow acts in a somewhat bawdy manner around Kate.
At some point in time, all misunderstandings are resolved by the end.
At some point in time, an appearance by Sir Charles Marlow resolves all misunderstandings.
At some point in time, the main sub-plot concerns the secret romance between Constance and George Hastings.
At some point in time, Constance needs her jewels, which are an inheritance.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin's mother, Mrs. Hardcastle, guards Constance's jewels.
At some point in time, Mrs. Hardcastle wants Constance to marry her son.
At some point in time, Mrs. Hardcastle wants to keep the jewels in the family.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin despises the thought of marrying Constance.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin prefers a barmaid at the alehouse.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin agrees to steal the jewels from his mother's safekeeping for Constance.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin agrees to steal the jewels so Constance can elope to France with George Hastings.
At some point in time, the play concludes with Kate's plan succeeding.
At some point in time, Kate and Charles Marlow become engaged.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin discovers that his mother has lied about his being "of age".
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin discovers that he is not entitled to his inheritance.
At some point in time, Tony Lumpkin refuses to marry Constance.
At some point in time, Constance is then eligible to receive her jewels.
At some point in time, Constance becomes engaged to George Hastings.
At some point in time, Constance becomes engaged to George Hastings, which she does.