At some point in time, Anne Shirley is a young orphan from the fictional community of Bolingbroke, Nova Scotia.
At some point in time, Bolingbroke is based upon the real community of New London.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley is sent to Prince Edward Island after a childhood spent in strangers' homes and orphanages.
At some point in time, Marilla Cuthbert is in her fifties.
At some point in time, Matthew Cuthbert is in his sixties.
At some point in time, Marilla Cuthbert and Matthew Cuthbert decided to adopt a boy from the orphanage.
At some point in time, Marilla Cuthbert and Matthew Cuthbert want to help Matthew Cuthbert run their farm.
At some point in time, Marilla Cuthbert and Matthew Cuthbert live at Green Gables.
At some point in time, Green Gables is their Avonlea farmhouse on Prince Edward Island.
At some point in time, the orphanage sends Anne Shirley through a misunderstanding.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley is described as bright and quick.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley is eager to please.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley is talkative.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley is extremely imaginative.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley has a pale face with freckles.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley usually braids her red hair.
At some point in time, Marilla Cuthbert initially says that Anne Shirley must return to the orphanage.
At some point in time, Marilla Cuthbert decides to let Anne Shirley stay after a few days.
At some point in time, Marilla Cuthbert feels that she could be a good influence on Anne Shirley.
At some point in time, Marilla Cuthbert has learned that a disagreeable woman in town might take Anne Shirley instead.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley takes much joy in life.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley adapts quickly.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley thrives in the close-knit farming village.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley's talkativeness drives Marilla Cuthbert to distraction.
At some point in time, Matthew Cuthbert falls for Anne Shirley's charm immediately.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley says that she and Matthew Cuthbert are "kindred spirits."
At some point in time, the book recounts Anne Shirley's adventures in making a home.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley quickly excels in her studies at the country school.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley has a friendship with Diana Barry.
At some point in time, Diana Barry is Anne Shirley's best friend.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley fondly calls Diana Barry her "bosom friend."
At some point in time, Anne Shirley has budding literary ambitions.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley has a rivalry with classmate Gilbert Blythe.
At some point in time, Gilbert Blythe teases Anne Shirley about her red hair.
At some point in time, Gilbert Blythe earns Anne Shirley's instant hatred for teasing her.
At some point in time, Gilbert Blythe apologizes many times to Anne Shirley.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley realizes she no longer hates Gilbert Blythe.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley cannot bring herself to speak to Gilbert Blythe.
At some point in time, the book follows Anne Shirley's adventures in quiet, old-fashioned Avonlea.
At some point in time, episodes include Anne Shirley's play-time with friends.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley's friends include Diana Barry, Jane Andrews, and Ruby Gillis.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley has run-ins with the unpleasant Pye sisters.
At some point in time, the Pye sisters are Gertie Pye and Josie Pye.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley experiences domestic mishaps.
At some point in time, one domestic mishap includes Anne Shirley dyeing her hair green.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley intends to dye her hair black.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley accidentally gets Diana Barry drunk.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley gives Diana Barry what she thinks is raspberry cordial.
At some point in time, the drink Anne Shirley gives to Diana Barry is currant wine.
At some point in time, at fifteen, Anne Shirley goes to Queen's Academy.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley goes to Queen's Academy to earn a teaching license.
At some point in time, Gilbert Blythe attends Queen's Academy.
At some point in time, Ruby Gillis attends Queen's Academy.
At some point in time, Josie Pye attends Queen's Academy.
At some point in time, Jane Andrews attends Queen's Academy.
At some point in time, several other students attend Queen's Academy.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley obtains her teaching license in one year.
At some point in time, the usual time to obtain a teaching license is two years.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley wins the Avery Scholarship for the top student in English.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley's attainment of the Avery Scholarship allows her to pursue a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley can pursue a Bachelor of Arts (B.A.) degree at the fictional Redmond College.
At some point in time, Redmond College is based on the real Dalhousie University.
At some point in time, Redmond College is located on the mainland in Nova Scotia.
At some point in time, near the end of the book, Matthew Cuthbert dies of a heart attack.
At some point in time, Matthew Cuthbert learns that all of his and Marilla Cuthbert's money has been lost in a bank failure.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley gives up the Avery Scholarship out of devotion to Marilla Cuthbert.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley gives up the Avery Scholarship to stay at home and help Marilla Cuthbert.
At some point in time, Marilla Cuthbert's eyesight is failing.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley plans to teach at the Carmody school.
At some point in time, the Carmody school is the nearest school available.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley plans to return to Green Gables on weekends.
At some point in time, Gilbert Blythe gives up his teaching position at the Avonlea School.
At some point in time, Gilbert Blythe works at White Sands School instead.
At some point in time, Gilbert Blythe knows that Anne Shirley wants to stay close to Marilla Cuthbert after Matthew Cuthbert's death.
At some point in time, after Gilbert Blythe's kind act, Anne Shirley and Gilbert Blythe's friendship is cemented.
At some point in time, Anne Shirley looks forward to the next "bend in the road.".