At some point in time, Hal Warner is a rich young fellow.
At some point in time, Hal Warner is determined to find the truth for himself about conditions in the mines.
At some point in time, Hal Warner runs away from home.
At some point in time, Hal Warner adopts the alias "Joe Smith."
At some point in time, a coal mine turns away Hal Warner for fear of Hal Warner being a union organizer.
At some point in time, Hal Warner gets a job in another coal mine operated by the General Fuel Company.
At some point in time, Hal Warner befriends many of the workers in the mines.
At some point in time, Hal Warner realizes the workers' misery and exploitation at the hands of the bosses.
At some point in time, Hal Warner befriends Mary Burke.
At some point in time, Mary Burke is a passionate fighter for the workers' rights.
At some point in time, Mary Burke's father is a mine worker.
At some point in time, Mary Burke's father spends his days drinking.
At some point in time, Mary Burke's father leaves Mary Burke to take care of her siblings.
At some point in time, Mary Burke and Hal Warner grow close.
At some point in time, Hal Warner's loyalty to his fiancée back home is torn.
At some point in time, Hal Warner dedicates himself to the workers' cause.
At some point in time, Hal Warner tells the workers that he will appeal to the bosses to become a check weigh man.
At some point in time, the General Fuel Company appoints a company check weigh man.
At some point in time, Hal Warner is eventually put into jail by the marshal.
At some point in time, the marshal is teased by Hal Warner over conditions of the mines.
At some point in time, Hal Warner accuses the marshal of being corrupted and unfair to the workers.
At some point in time, an explosion occurs in the mines.
At some point in time, Hal Warner seeks out Percy Harrigan.
At some point in time, Percy Harrigan is an old friend of Hal Warner.
At some point in time, Peter Harrigan is the father of Percy Harrigan.
At some point in time, Peter Harrigan owns the General Fuel Company.
At some point in time, the workers organize a strike and union to demand their rights from the bosses.
At some point in time, the rescue effort goes longer than expected.
At some point in time, the bosses are more intent on the tools and equipment than the miners.
At some point in time, a boss says, "Damn the man! save the Mules!"
At some point in time, Hal Warner appeals to the United Mine Workers to back the strike.
At some point in time, the United Mine Workers refuse to back the strike.
At some point in time, the United Mine Workers tell Hal Warner that the strike is primitive and unexpected.
At some point in time, the United Mine Workers tell Hal Warner that supporting the strike when it just started would waste the union's resources.
At some point in time, Hal Warner is told to wait a few more years for the other unions to strike.
At some point in time, only with a massive course of action could the unions win.
At some point in time, Hal Warner is left to tell the workers the grievous news.
At some point in time, the workers cheer out Hal Warner's name.
At some point in time, some workers call out "Joe Smith."
At some point in time, some workers call out "Hal."
At some point in time, Hal Warner stands up for the workers.
At some point in time, Hal Warner resolves to return home.
At some point in time, Hal Warner resolves to dedicate his life to the workers' cause.
At some point in time, Hal Warner leaves.
At some point in time, Hal Warner concludes that he is in love with Mary Burke.