At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge is a single-track largely wooden railway viaduct.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge carries the Cambrian Coast Railway across the River Mawddach estuary.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge is located on the coast of Cardigan Bay, Wales.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge sits between Morfa Mawddach and Barmouth in Gwynedd.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge caters for rail, foot, and cycle traffic.
Barmouth Bridge opened in 1867.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge originally included a drawbridge section at its north end.
At some point in time, the drawbridge section of Barmouth Bridge was replaced by a swing bridge section.
At some point in time, in 1980, woodworm threatened the safety of Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge needed major repairs to avoid closure in 1980.
At some point in time, tolls were collected for foot and cycle traffic on Barmouth Bridge until 2013.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge is a Grade II* listed structure.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge has one of the longest timber viaducts still in regular use in Britain.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge crosses the estuary of the River Mawddach from Morfa Mawddach to the edge of Barmouth.
At some point in time, the line operated by Arriva Trains Wales connects south to Aberystwyth.
At some point in time, the line operated by Arriva Trains Wales connects east to Welshpool and Shrewsbury.
At some point in time, the section containing Barmouth Bridge is on the Cambrian Coast railway.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge is about 699 metres long.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge contains 113 wooden trestles.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge is supported by a series of cast iron piers.
At some point in time, a footbridge is incorporated on the eastern side of Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, pedestrians, cyclists, and motorcycles can cross the estuary by the side of the track on Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, since 1996, the footbridge has formed part of the National Cycle Route linking North and South Wales.
At some point in time, the footbridge is owned by Network Rail.
At some point in time, Gwynedd County Council pays for 10% of the annual maintenance of the footbridge.
At some point in time, Gwynedd County Council has a licence to use the footbridge.
At some point in time, most of Barmouth Bridge is built on a gravel bed covered by shifting sand.
At some point in time, the north end of Barmouth Bridge is next to the rock of Figle Fawr.
At some point in time, the river channel near the north end of Barmouth Bridge can flow up to 9 knots.
At some point in time, the first two spans of Barmouth Bridge are built directly onto the rock.
At some point in time, there is no nearby crossing for road traffic.
At some point in time, the nearest crossing for road traffic spanning the Afon Mawddach is a toll bridge at Penmaenpool.
At some point in time, the toll bridge at Penmaenpool is about 5 miles further upstream from Barmouth.
At some point in time, the toll bridge at Penmaenpool permits vehicles up to 2.5 tonnes.
At some point in time, heavier vehicles must use the first public road bridge at Dolgellau.
At some point in time, the first public road bridge at Dolgellau is about 10 miles from Barmouth.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge was first proposed as part of the Cambrian Line around 1861-1862.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge was designed by Benjamin Piercy and Henry Conybeare in 1864.
Barmouth Bridge opened on 10 October 1867.
At some point in time, Benjamin Piercy and Henry Conybeare decided to construct Barmouth Bridge from timber.
At some point in time, timber was cheaper to import by sea than iron for the construction of Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge included a wooden lifting drawbridge section at the northern end.
At some point in time, the wooden lifting drawbridge section of Barmouth Bridge was never in regular use.
At some point in time, the opening of the railway killed off competition from boat traffic.
At some point in time, in 1899, the drawbridge arrangement of Barmouth Bridge was changed to a swing bridge arrangement.
At some point in time, the swing bridge arrangement of Barmouth Bridge is still theoretically in operation.
At some point in time, the swing bridge of Barmouth Bridge has not been opened since 1987.
At some point in time, in 1946, Barmouth Bridge was nearly destroyed by a live naval mine.
At some point in time, the live naval mine did not detonate when it swept one of the pillars of Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, passenger train services over Barmouth Bridge declined significantly after 1965.
At some point in time, the Ruabon to Barmouth line via Llangollen and Dolgellau was closed in 1965.
At some point in time, all traffic was rerouted to take the longer and slower route from Shrewsbury via Machynlleth and Dovey Junction after 1965.
At some point in time, the old trackbed from Morfa Mawddach railway station to Dolgellau now forms the Mawddach Trail.
At some point in time, the Mawddach Trail is a walk and cycle trail.
At some point in time, by 1980, Barmouth Bridge's structure had come under attack from marine woodworm.
At some point in time, marine woodworm threatened the closure of Barmouth Bridge in 1980.
At some point in time, British Rail discovered that woodworm had eaten into 69 of the supporting pillars of Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, British Rail estimated it would cost £2.5 million to repair Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, locomotive-hauled trains were banned from Barmouth Bridge in 1980.
At some point in time, the ban on locomotive-hauled trains resulted in the loss of traffic from Tywyn.
At some point in time, the loss of traffic from Tywyn included explosives traffic to and from the factory at Penrhyndeudraeth.
At some point in time, explosives traffic was rerouted via Maentwrog Road railway station and the Conwy Valley Line.
At some point in time, Gwynedd County Council opposed closing Barmouth Bridge completely.
At some point in time, 40% of all railway traffic in the area was tourist-related according to Gwynedd County Council.
At some point in time, the government applied for a £2.5 million grant from the EEC to repair Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, a further £4.6 million was spent on improving the signalling of Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, Barmouth Bridge was closed entirely to traffic for six months during temporary repair works.
At some point in time, 30 of the piles of Barmouth Bridge were replaced during the repairs.
At some point in time, on 13 April 1986, a British Rail Class 37 37427 was named "Bont Y Bermo."
At some point in time, the naming of the British Rail Class 37 37427 celebrated the re-introduction of locomotive-hauled trains.
At some point in time, the re-introduction of locomotive-hauled trains occurred following repairs in 1985-1986.
At some point in time, following major repairs, the weight restriction on Barmouth Bridge was relaxed in 2005.
At some point in time, locomotive-hauled trains have again been allowed to cross Barmouth Bridge since 2005.
At some point in time, in March 2013, the Barmouth Viaduct Access Group (B-VAG) was established.
At some point in time, the Barmouth Viaduct Access Group was established to investigate an alternative route from the town centre to Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, the current walkway to Barmouth Bridge is steep, narrow, and unsuitable for buggies or wheelchairs.
At some point in time, in June 2013, the toll was removed from Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, the collectors of the toll left and were not replaced in June 2013.
At some point in time, Gwynedd County Council has not yet decided how to pay for the maintenance costs of Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, the maintenance costs of Barmouth Bridge were £39,405 for the year.
At some point in time, the revenue collected from tolls has not been sufficient to cover Gwynedd County Council's share of costs.
At some point in time, there is not a sufficient budget to employ any full-time staff to collect payments for Barmouth Bridge.
At some point in time, Gwynedd County Council has proposed closing Barmouth Bridge to pedestrians and cyclists for cost reasons.
At some point in time, Gwynedd County Council needs to find £9 million worth of savings by April 2016.
At some point in time, the potential closure of Barmouth Bridge is one of over 100 cost-saving options.
At some point in time, the cost-saving options total £13 million to be put to a public consultation in Autumn 2015.
At some point in time, Gwynedd County Council currently pays Network Rail £30,800 per year towards maintenance costs.
At some point in time, a petition calling on Gwynedd County Council to cease considerations of closing Barmouth Bridge attracted 20,000 signatures within a week.
At some point in time, in February 2016, it was reported that Barmouth Bridge would not close.