At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris was born on January 18, 1891, in Freeport, Illinois.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris died in Pasadena, California in 1968.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris was an early science fiction writer.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's short stories were published during the 1920s.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris is credited as the first woman to publish stories under her own name in science fiction magazines.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories often dealt with characters on the "borders of humanity" such as cyborgs.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris began publishing in 1926.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris became well liked by readers.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris sold a total of eleven stories.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories were collected in 1947 as "Away From the Here and Now."
At some point in time, Gernsback was the editor who first bought Clare Winger Harris's work.
At some point in time, Gernsback was surprised to learn that Clare Winger Harris was a woman.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris was the first woman to publish science fiction stories under her own name.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories often feature strong female characters.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories have been occasionally reprinted.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories have received some positive critical response.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris is recognized for her pioneering role as a woman writer in a male-dominated field.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris attended Smith College in Massachusetts.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris married Frank Clyde Harris in 1912.
At some point in time, Frank Clyde Harris was an architect and engineer.
At some point in time, Frank Clyde Harris served in World War I.
At some point in time, Frank Clyde Harris was chief engineer with the Loudon Machinery Company in Iowa.
At some point in time, Frank Clyde Harris was one of the organizers of the American Monorail Company of Cleveland, Ohio.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris gave birth to three sons.
At some point in time, Clyde Winger was born in 1915.
At some point in time, Donald Stover was born in 1916.
At some point in time, Lynn Thackrey was born in 1918.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris wrote her most acclaimed works during the 1920s.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris stopped writing in 1930 to raise and educate her children.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris published her first short story, "The Runaway World," in the July 1926 issue of Weird Tales.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris submitted a story for a contest run by Amazing Stories editor Hugo Gernsback in December 1926.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's story, "The Fate of the Poseidonia," placed third in the contest.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris became one of Gernsback's most popular writers.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris published eleven short stories in pulp magazines.
At some point in time, most of Clare Winger Harris's stories were published in Amazing Stories.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris also published in Science Wonder Quarterly.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's short stories were collected under the title "Away from the Here and Now" in 1947.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories have been reprinted in anthologies.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories have been included in "Daughters of Earth: Feminist Science Fiction in the 20th Century."
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories have been included in "Sci-Fi Womanthology."
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories have been included in "Amazing Science Fiction Anthology: The Wonder Years 1926-1935."
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris's stories have been included in "Gosh Wow! Sense of Wonder Science Fiction."
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris wrote one novel titled "Persephone of Eleusis: A Romance of Ancient Greece" in 1923.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris wrote one of the first attempts to classify science fiction.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris listed 16 basic science fiction themes in the August 1931 issue of Wonder Stories.
At some point in time, the themes listed by Clare Winger Harris included "Interplanetary space travel."
At some point in time, the themes listed by Clare Winger Harris included "Adventures on other worlds."
At some point in time, the themes listed by Clare Winger Harris included "The creation of synthetic life."
At some point in time, Gernsback praised Clare Winger Harris's writing when he published her first short story in Amazing Stories.
At some point in time, Gernsback expressed amazement that a woman could write good scientifiction.
At some point in time, Gernsback stated that women do not make good scientifiction writers as a rule.
At some point in time, Gernsback claimed that women's education and general tendencies on scientific matters are usually limited.
At some point in time, Gernsback acknowledged that Clare Winger Harris was an exception to his rule.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris claimed to have been the first woman science fiction writer in the United States.
At some point in time, the claim that Clare Winger Harris was the first woman science fiction writer can be debated.
At some point in time, Gertrude Barrows Bennett published science fiction stories as early as 1917 under the pseudonym Francis Stevens.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris is recognized as the first woman to publish stories in science fiction magazines under her own name.
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris published only a handful of stories.
At some point in time, almost all of Clare Winger Harris's stories have been reprinted over the years.
At some point in time, "The Miracle of the Lily" has been reprinted the most among Clare Winger Harris's stories.
At some point in time, many critics have praised "The Miracle of the Lily."
At some point in time, Richard Lupoff stated that "The Miracle of the Lily" would have won the Hugo Award for best short story if the award had existed then.
At some point in time, Richard Lupoff wrote that today's readers may find Clare Winger Harris's prose creaky and old-fashioned.
At some point in time, Richard Lupoff stated that Clare Winger Harris's stories teem with still-fresh and provocative ideas.
At some point in time, "The Fate of the Poseidonia" has been reprinted a number of times.
At some point in time, "The Fate of the Poseidonia" is credited as an early example of a science fiction story with a heroic female lead character.
At some point in time, other stories by Clare Winger Harris are noted for featuring strong female characters.
At some point in time, Sylvia is an airplane pilot and mechanic in "The Ape Cycle" (1930).
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris wrote one story utilizing a female point of view in "The Fifth Dimension" (1928).
At some point in time, Clare Winger Harris has been recognized as a pioneer of women's and feminist science fiction.