At some point in time, Charles McKnight was born on October 10, 1750.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight died on November 16, 1791.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was an American physician during the American Revolutionary War.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight served as a surgeon in the Hospital Department of the Continental Army.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight served under General George Washington.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight served under subordinate commanders of General George Washington.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was one of the most respected surgeons of his day.
At some point in time, one colleague remembered Charles McKnight as "particularly distinguished as a practical surgeon."
At the time of his death, Charles McKnight was without a rival in the branch of his profession.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was born in Cranbury Township in the colonial Province of New Jersey.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight had one sibling, a younger brother named Richard.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight's father was also named Charles McKnight.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight's father emigrated to the colonies from Ireland around 1740.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight's father was ordained as a Presbyterian minister in 1742.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight's father became a minister of some note.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight's father was one of the founders and trustees of the College of New Jersey.
At some point in time, the College of New Jersey is now known as Princeton University.
At some point in time, Reverend Charles McKnight opposed British governance in Colonial America.
At some point in time, Reverend Charles McKnight was a loud voice for opposition and overthrow of the British government in New Jersey.
At some point in time, Reverend Charles McKnight received a severe saber cut to his head at the Battle of Princeton.
At some point in time, the saber cut to Reverend Charles McKnight's head occurred during a slashing melee that mortally wounded General Hugh Mercer.
At some point in time, Reverend Charles McKnight's church at Middletown Point was burned in 1777.
At some point in time, Reverend Charles McKnight was arrested in 1777.
At some point in time, Reverend Charles McKnight's health rapidly failed while in custody aboard the British prison ship HMS Jersey.
At some point in time, Reverend Charles McKnight was released shortly before his death on January 1, 1778.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight attended schools in New Jersey.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight graduated from the College of New Jersey in 1771.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight graduated in the same class as James Madison.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight graduated in the same class as Gunning Bedford, Jr.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight graduated in the same class as Henry Brackenridge.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight graduated in the same class as Philip Freneau.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was one of the founders of the American Whig Society.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with Gunning Bedford, Jr.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with Henry Brackenridge.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with James Madison.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with Samuel Stanhope Smith.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with Philip Freneau.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with John Beatty.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with John Henry of Maryland.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight founded the American Whig Society along with William Bradford.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight studied medicine and surgery privately with William Shippen.
At some point in time, William Shippen was an eminent Philadelphia surgeon.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight left his studies before completing them.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight entered the Continental Army in 1775.
At some point in time, in late 1775, Benjamin Church assigned Charles McKnight to the Putnam House building.
At some point in time, the Putnam House building was one of six hospitals of the army's Hospital Department in Cambridge, Massachusetts.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight remained in the Hospital Department until October 1776.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight went with other surgeons and physicians to North Castle, New York.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight went with Washington's army when the Battle of White Plains began in October 1776.
At some point in time, the Continental Army lost the Battle of White Plains.
At some point in time, the British took Fort Washington and Fort Lee.
At some point in time, the loss of Fort Washington and Fort Lee pushed Washington's army south toward New Jersey in December 1776.
At some point in time, the movement of Washington's army in December 1776 set the stage for the Battle of Trenton.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight remained at North Castle until John Morgan ordered him to set up a new hospital near Peekskill, New York.
At some point in time, John Morgan was the Director General.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight and Samuel Adams, Jr. were ordered to set up a new hospital for more than 300 sick soldiers.
At some point in time, the sick soldiers were part of General William Heath's division.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight and Samuel Adams, Jr. were unable to find an acceptable site for a hospital.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight and Samuel Adams, Jr. took over accommodations in Fishkill, New York.
At some point in time, Fishkill, New York is twenty miles north of Peekskill.
At some point in time, Washington sent convalescents to Peekskill.
At some point in time, John Morgan told Washington the hospital was in Peekskill.
At some point in time, John Morgan was dismissed as Director General in January 1777.
At some point in time, John Morgan was dismissed due to rancor with Washington over supplies.
At some point in time, a rampant smallpox epidemic was raging through the army at the time of John Morgan's dismissal.
At some point in time, John Morgan's management style rankled the surgeons, including Charles McKnight.
At some point in time, John Morgan was wrestling with William Shippen over control of the hospitals in New Jersey.
At some point in time, Isaac Foster took over temporary supervision of the hospitals on the east side of the Hudson River after John Morgan's dismissal.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight served later as a surgeon in the Pennsylvania Battalion of the Flying Camp.
At some point in time, on April 11, 1777, Charles McKnight was appointed Surgeon General of the Flying Hospital of the Middle Department.
At some point in time, the position of Surgeon General is also called Senior Surgeon.
At some point in time, the position of Surgeon General is a subordinate position to Physician General and Director General.
At some point in time, the position of Surgeon General should not be confused with Surgeon General of the United States Army.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight served as Senior Surgeon for three years.
At some point in time, in December 1779, Charles McKnight was in Morristown, New Jersey with Washington.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was at the encampment near Jockey Hollow during the worst winter of the Revolutionary War.
At some point in time, the Hospital Department of the army was reorganized in 1780.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was promoted to Chief Hospital Physician in 1780.
At some point in time, Chief Hospital Physician is the highest medical position of the Middle Department.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight served as Chief Hospital Physician until he left the army in January 1782.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was one of the original members of the New York State Society of the Cincinnati.
At some point in time, after the war ended, Charles McKnight settled in New York City.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight married Mary Morin Scott.
At some point in time, Mary Morin Scott was the daughter of General John Morin Scott.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight opened a private practice in New York City.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was one of the first physicians to use a carriage to visit his patients.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight published only one article.
At some point in time, the article published by Charles McKnight was about the surgical removal of an ectopic pregnancy.
At some point in time, the article published by Charles McKnight was cited later by the Medical Society of London.
At some point in time, the Medical Society of London cited the article in its London Medical Observations and Inquiries.
At some point in time, on November 26, 1784, Charles McKnight was appointed one of the first regents of the University of the State of New York.
At some point in time, in 1785, Charles McKnight became professor of anatomy and surgery at Columbia College.
At some point in time, Columbia College is now known as the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight's father-in-law co-founded Columbia College.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was appointed Port Physician of New York.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight maintained a steady surgical practice.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight held his professorship until his death from pneumonia.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight's death was the result of an old war injury.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight died at age 41.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was interred at the corner of Wall Street and Broadway in Lower Manhattan.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was interred just beyond the gates of the historic Trinity Churchyard.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was interred next to his wife, Mary.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight was interred next to his father-in-law.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight and Mary Morin Scott had four daughters.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight and Mary Morin Scott had one son.
At some point in time, Charles McKnight and Mary Morin Scott's son is named John Morin Scott McKnight.
At some point in time, John Morin Scott McKnight also became a physician.