At some point in time, the British Virgin Islands participated in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the 2008 Summer Olympics were held in Beijing, China.
At some point in time, the 2008 Summer Olympics took place from 8 to 24 August 2008.
At some point in time, the British Virgin Islands' participation in Beijing marked its seventh consecutive appearance in the summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the British Virgin Islands' debut in the summer Olympics was in 1984.
At some point in time, the British Virgin Islands' participation in the 2008 Summer Olympics was its eighth Olympic appearance ever.
At some point in time, the British Virgin Islands' delegation in 2008 included two athletes.
At some point in time, the two athletes from the British Virgin Islands in 2008 participated in two distinct events.
At some point in time, Eric Matthias was a discus thrower representing the British Virgin Islands in 2008.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was a sprinter representing the British Virgin Islands in 2008.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was the flagbearer for the British Virgin Islands in 2008.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was the first female Olympian to participate on behalf of the British Virgin Islands.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan advanced to the quarterfinals in her event.
Neither Eric Matthias nor Tahesia Harrigan medaled in the 2008 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the British Virgin Islands participated in seven summer Olympic games between 1984 and 2008.
At some point in time, the British Virgin Islands' Olympic debut was at the 1984 Winter Olympics in Sarajevo, Yugoslavia.
At some point in time, the British Virgin Islands submitted a single athlete at the 1984 Winter Olympics.
At some point in time, the number of British Virgin Islanders participating in the summer games, excluding 1996 and 1984, included four or fewer athletes.
At some point in time, until Tahesia Harrigan in Beijing, only male athletes represented the British Virgin Islands in the Olympics.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was the first female athlete to participate on behalf of the British Virgin Islands.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was the first female flagbearer for the British Virgin Islands.
At some point in time, at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, the British Virgin Islands were represented by two athletes.
At some point in time, both athletes from the British Virgin Islands in 2008 were in their twenties.
At some point in time, both athletes from the British Virgin Islands in 2008 participated in track and field events.
At some point in time, Eric Matthias participated in the discus throw event at the 2008 Olympics.
At some point in time, Eric Matthias was one of two British Virgin Islanders participating in a track and field event in the 2008 Olympics.
At some point in time, Eric Matthias' appearance in Beijing marked his first appearance at any Olympic game.
At some point in time, Eric Matthias was placed in the second qualifying heat on 16 August 2008.
At some point in time, Eric Matthias threw the discus 53.11 meters.
At some point in time, Eric Matthias ranked last out of 18 athletes in his qualifying heat.
At some point in time, Haidar Nasser Shaheed of Iraq threw 1.08 meters further than Eric Matthias in the second qualifying heat.
At some point in time, Rutger Smith of the Netherlands threw the discus 12.54 meters further than Eric Matthias.
At some point in time, Eric Matthias placed last out of 37 athletes overall.
At some point in time, Eric Matthias did not progress to the final round on 19 August 2008.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was the sole female competitor from the British Virgin Islands in 2008.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was one of two athletes participating in a track and field event for the British Virgin Islands in 2008.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan's appearance at the 2008 Olympics was her first Olympic appearance.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan did not compete in the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan did not compete in the 2004 Summer Olympics because she was pregnant at the time.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan competed in the first round of the 100 m dash on 15 August 2008.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was placed in Heat 2 in the first round of the 100 m dash.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan competed against Lauryn Williams of the United States in Heat 2.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan competed against Christine Arron of France in Heat 2.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan ranked third in a heat of eight athletes in the first round of the 100 m dash.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan's time in the first round of the 100 m dash was 11.46 seconds.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan placed behind Lauryn Williams by 0.08 seconds in the first round of the 100 m dash.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan placed ahead of Lucimar Moura of Brazil by 0.14 seconds in the first round of the 100 m dash.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan tied Jade Latoya Bailey of Barbados for 25th place out of 85 in the first round of the 100 m dash.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan progressed to the next round after the first round of the 100 m dash.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan competed in the second round on 16 August 2008.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was placed in Heat 4 in the second round.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan competed against Lauryn Williams in Heat 4 of the second round.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan competed against Kerron Stewart of Jamaica in Heat 4 of the second round.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan competed against Kim Gevaert of Belgium in Heat 4 of the second round.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan placed fifth out of eight athletes in Heat 4 of the second round.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan's time in the second round was 11.36 seconds.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was 0.10 seconds ahead of sixth place heat finalist Semoy Hackett of Trinidad and Tobago in the second round.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan was 0.12 seconds behind fourth place heat finalist Yuliya Nestsiarenka of Belarus in the second round.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan tied Christine Arron for 16th place out of 40 athletes in the second round.
At some point in time, Tahesia Harrigan did not progress further after the second round.