At some point in time, Vérité was a pre-dreadnought battleship of the Liberté class built by the French Navy.
At some point in time, Vérité had three sister ships: Liberté, Justice, and Démocratie.
At some point in time, Vérité was laid down in April 1903.
At some point in time, Vérité was launched in May 1907.
At some point in time, Vérité was completed in June 1908.
At some point in time, Vérité was completed over a year after the British battleship HMS Dreadnought made ships like Vérité obsolete.
At some point in time, Vérité was armed with a main battery of four 305 mm (12.0 in) guns.
At some point in time, HMS Dreadnought mounted ten guns of the same caliber.
At some point in time, Vérité took the French President on a goodwill trip to Russia in 1908.
At some point in time, Vérité visited America in September 1909.
At some point in time, Vérité was damaged by the explosion that destroyed her sister Liberté in Toulon in September 1911.
At some point in time, at the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, Vérité covered troop convoys from North Africa to France.
At some point in time, Vérité was part of the French Mediterranean Fleet.
At some point in time, Vérité spent the rest of World War I based at Corfu.
At some point in time, Vérité later spent time at Mudros.
Vérité did not see any action at either Corfu or Mudros.
At some point in time, after the end of World War I, Vérité was stricken from the naval register.
At some point in time, Vérité was broken up for scrap in 1922.
At some point in time, Vérité was laid down at the Forges et Chantiers de la Gironde shipyard in Bordeaux.
At some point in time, Vérité was launched on 28 May 1907.
At some point in time, HMS Dreadnought rendered pre-dreadnoughts like Vérité outdated before they were completed.
At some point in time, Vérité was 133.81 meters (439 ft 0 in) long between perpendiculars.
At some point in time, Vérité had a beam of 24.26 m (79 ft 7 in).
At some point in time, Vérité had a full-load draft of 8.41 m (27 ft 7 in).
At some point in time, Vérité displaced up to 14,489 metric tons (14,260 long tons; 15,971 short tons) at full load.
At some point in time, Vérité had a crew of between 739 and 769 officers and enlisted men.
At some point in time, Vérité was powered by three vertical triple expansion engines.
At some point in time, Vérité had twenty-two Belleville boilers.
At some point in time, Vérité's engines were rated at 18,500 indicated horsepower (13,800 kW).
At some point in time, Vérité provided a top speed of 19 knots (35 km/h; 22 mph).
At some point in time, Vérité's coal storage amounted to 1,800 t (1,800 long tons; 2,000 short tons).
At some point in time, Vérité's main battery consisted of four Canon de 305 mm Modèle 1893/96 guns.
At some point in time, Vérité's main battery was mounted in two twin gun turrets.
At some point in time, one twin gun turret was located forward.
At some point in time, one twin gun turret was located aft.
At some point in time, Vérité's secondary battery consisted of ten Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1902 guns.
At some point in time, six Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1902 guns were mounted in single turrets.
At some point in time, four Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1902 guns were mounted in casemates in the hull.
At some point in time, Vérité carried thirteen 9-pounder guns.
At some point in time, Vérité carried ten 3-pounders.
At some point in time, Vérité was armed with two 450 mm (17.7 in) torpedo tubes submerged in the hull.
At some point in time, Vérité's main belt was 280 mm (11.0 in) thick.
At some point in time, Vérité's main battery was protected by up to 350 mm (13.8 in) of armor.
At some point in time, Vérité's conning tower had 305 mm (12.0 in) thick sides.
At some point in time, Vérité's first major assignment was received in late July 1908.
At some point in time, Vérité joined the French fleet a month before her first major assignment.
At some point in time, Vérité carried the President of France Armand Fallières to Reval, Russia.
At some point in time, Vérité arrived in Reval on 27 July.
At some point in time, Armand Fallières visited with the Russian Tsar Nicholas II in Reval.
At some point in time, Nicholas II inspected Vérité.
At some point in time, Vérité joined Liberté and Justice for a visit to the United States for the Hudson-Fulton Celebration in September 1909.
At some point in time, the three ships represented France during the celebrations.
At some point in time, Admiral Jules le Pord commanded the three ships.
At some point in time, the three ships were the first foreign ships to arrive in the United States for the celebration.
At some point in time, the three ships departed from Brest.
At some point in time, the three ships reached New York seven days later.
At some point in time, the three ships ran at an average speed of 16 knots (30 km/h; 18 mph).
At some point in time, the performance of the ships' propulsion systems was regarded as satisfactory by contemporary naval experts.
At some point in time, the United States Naval Institute regarded the performance of the ships' propulsion systems as satisfactory.
At some point in time, in early 1911, the French Navy conducted experiments with wireless telegraphy.
At some point in time, the French Navy used Vérité and Justice for the wireless telegraphy tests.
At some point in time, the wireless transmitters could pick up messages as far as 72 miles (116 km) away.
At some point in time, on 25 September 1911, Liberté was destroyed by an accidental explosion in Toulon.
At some point in time, the explosion was the result of the spontaneous combustion of nitrocellulose gel in Liberté's ammunition magazines.
At some point in time, debris hurled by the explosion damaged several nearby battleships.
At some point in time, Vérité was damaged by debris from the explosion that destroyed Liberté.
At some point in time, at the outbreak of World War I in August 1914, Vérité was assigned to the 1st Division of the 2nd Squadron in the Mediterranean.
At some point in time, Vérité was assigned to the 1st Division along with République and Patrie.
At some point in time, the French fleet was initially used to cover the movement of French troops.
At some point in time, the French troops were the XIX Corps.
At some point in time, the French troops moved from Algeria to metropolitan France.
At some point in time, the French fleet was far out of position to catch the German battlecruiser SMS Goeben.
At some point in time, SMS Goeben steamed to Constantinople rather than attempt to interfere with the troop transports.
At some point in time, the French fleet used their main fleet to keep the Austro-Hungarian fleet bottled up in the Adriatic Sea for the majority of the war.
At some point in time, Vérité participated in the Battle of Antivari in 1914.
At some point in time, the battle line caught the Austro-Hungarian cruiser SMS Zenta by surprise in the Battle of Antivari.
At some point in time, the French battleships sank SMS Zenta in the Battle of Antivari.
At some point in time, the French battleships bombarded Austrian fortifications at Cattaro.
At some point in time, the French bombarded Austrian fortifications at Cattaro in an attempt to draw out the Austro-Hungarian fleet.
At some point in time, the Austro-Hungarian fleet refused to take the bait during the bombardment at Cattaro.
At some point in time, the French operations in the area were hampered by a lack of a suitable base close to the mouth of the Adriatic.
At some point in time, the British had given the French free access to Malta.
At some point in time, Malta was hundreds of miles away from the French operations.
At some point in time, the Austrians possessed several submarines.
At some point in time, one Austrian submarine torpedoed the dreadnought Jean Bart in December 1914.
At some point in time, the threat from underwater weapons greatly limited French naval activities in the Adriatic.
At some point in time, the French eventually settled on Corfu as their primary naval base in the Adriatic.
At some point in time, later in the war, Vérité was sent to Mudros along with her sister ships.
At some point in time, after the end of World War I, Vérité was stricken from the naval register in 1922.
At some point in time, Vérité was subsequently broken up for scrap.