At some point in time, "Dive" is a song recorded by American recording artist Usher for his seventh studio album Looking 4 Myself (2012).
At some point in time, "Dive" was written and produced by Rico Love, Jim Jonsin, Danny Morris, and Frank Romano.
At some point in time, "Dive" is a slow-paced R&B ballad with elements of pop music.
At some point in time, Usher makes use of his falsetto range in "Dive."
At some point in time, the lyrics of "Dive" use the metaphor of diving.
At some point in time, critics interpreted the metaphor of diving in "Dive" to discuss a commitment to a relationship.
At some point in time, Usher announced "Dive" as the fifth single from Looking 4 Myself via Twitter on August 21, 2012.
At some point in time, "Dive" was released to urban radio on August 28, 2012.
At some point in time, "Dive" was received well by critics.
At some point in time, critics praised the production of "Dive."
At some point in time, critics praised Usher's vocals in "Dive."
At some point in time, critics particularly praised Usher's falsetto in "Dive."
At some point in time, an accompanying music video for "Dive" was directed by Chris Applebaum.
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" portrays Victoria's Secret Angel model Chanel Iman as Usher's love interest.
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" shows Usher and Chanel Iman being intimate in several scenes.
At some point in time, "Dive" debuted at number 50 on the South Korea Gaon International Chart.
At some point in time, "Dive" had sales of 6,546 digital copies upon its debut.
At some point in time, "Dive" peaked at number 34 on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
At some point in time, "Dive" remained on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart for twelve weeks before dropping out.
At some point in time, the track "Dive" runs for a length of three minutes and 47 seconds.
At some point in time, Billboard's Erika Ramirez described Usher's falsetto in "Dive" as "soulful."
At some point in time, Chuck Arnold of People complimented Usher's falsetto on both "Dive" and lead single "Climax."
At some point in time, Chuck Arnold stated that "Dive" and "Climax" show that Usher is a "better singer than ever."
At some point in time, Matt Cibula of PopMatters wrote that "Dive" contains a triple entendre in its lyrics.
At some point in time, Matt Cibula stated that "Dive" seems to sing about diving or oral sex.
At some point in time, Matt Cibula wrote that the real discussion in "Dive" is commitment to a relationship.
At some point in time, Trent Fitzgerald of PopCrush perceived that the lyrics of "Dive" metaphorically compare love to the crashing waters of the ocean.
At some point in time, Carrie Battan of Pitchfork interpreted the lyrics of "Dive" as "explicit."
At some point in time, Carrie Battan suggested that the explicit lyrics of "Dive" might make listeners cringe if they came from anyone else.
At some point in time, the line "It's raining inside your bed / No parts are dry / Lovin' made you so wet / Your Legs / Your thighs" is part of the lyrics of "Dive."
At some point in time, "Dive" received universally positive acclaim from music critics.
At some point in time, DJ Booth described the production of "Dive" as "sultry."
At some point in time, DJ Booth noted "Dive" as a potential hit for Usher.
At some point in time, Erika Ramirez of Billboard saw "Dive" as a success.
At some point in time, Erika Ramirez wrote that "Dive" is "slower and more sensual" than Kelly Rowland's "Motivation" (2011).
At some point in time, Erika Ramirez praised Usher's vocals in "Dive."
At some point in time, Brad Wete of Complex perceived "Dive" as a "sexy slow-winding cut."
At some point in time, Brad Wete stated that "Dive" is powered by Usher's falsetto.
At some point in time, Ryan Hadfield of Consequence of Sound praised Usher's vocals in "Dive."
At some point in time, Ryan Hadfield stated that "Dive" and lead single "Climax" show Usher's superior R&B vocal range.
At some point in time, Carrie Battan of Pitchfork wrote that Usher's vocal mastery allows him to turn the chorus of "Dive" into something more specific.
At some point in time, Carrie Battan viewed the chorus of "Dive" as "cornball."
At some point in time, Matt Cibula of PopMatters saw the lyrics of "Dive" as "clever" for incorporating a triple entendre.
At some point in time, Matt Cibula lauded Usher's falsetto in "Dive."
At some point in time, Matt Cibula wrote that Usher sings in an "urgent" whisper in "Dive."
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" was filmed in July 2012.
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" was released to VEVO on August 25, 2012.
At some point in time, Chanel Iman plays Usher's love interest in the music video for "Dive."
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" is set on a luxury yacht in the open sea.
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" begins with Usher talking.
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" shows Usher singing the first verse.
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" intercuts to Chanel Iman.
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" shows Usher and Chanel Iman inside a cabin with water gushing in.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Dive," Usher and Chanel Iman are being intimate during the chorus.
At some point in time, water further enters Usher's cabin during the chorus of the music video for "Dive."
At some point in time, Usher and Chanel Iman are once again being intimate during the second verse of the music video for "Dive."
At some point in time, water is level with Usher's waist inside the cabin during the second verse of the music video for "Dive."
At some point in time, water enters the second chorus of the music video for "Dive."
At some point in time, Usher and Chanel Iman make love during the second chorus of the music video for "Dive."
At some point in time, during the bridge of the music video for "Dive," Usher and Chanel Iman are romancing within the cabin's bathroom.
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" intercuts to different romantic scenarios during the bridge.
At some point in time, further scenarios are shown in the final chorus of the music video for "Dive."
At some point in time, water fully submerges the cabin and Usher in the final chorus of the music video for "Dive."
At some point in time, the music video for "Dive" closes with Usher swimming to safety.
At some point in time, before reaching the surface in the music video for "Dive," Usher and Chanel Iman approach each other.
At some point in time, Usher and Chanel Iman embrace in the water in the music video for "Dive."
At some point in time, Usher performed "Dive" for the first time at the 2012 iTunes Festival.
At some point in time, Usher performed "Dive" along with "Can't Stop Won't Stop," "Twisted," "Numb," and other songs at the 2012 iTunes Festival.
At some point in time, the credits for "Dive" are adapted from the liner notes of Looking 4 Myself.
At some point in time, the vocal recording for "Dive" took place at Parkland Playhouse in Parkland, FL.
At some point in time, the vocal recording for "Dive" took place at Circlehouse Studios in Miami, FL.
At some point in time, the mixing for "Dive" took place at Parkland Playhouse in Parkland, FL.
At some point in time, "Dive" entered the singles chart in South Korea due to digital downloads.
At some point in time, "Dive" debuted on the South Korea Gaon International Chart at number 50 on June 10, 2012.
At some point in time, "Dive" debuted with sales of 6,546 digital copies.
At some point in time, "Dive" debuted at number eight on the US Bubbling Under Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Singles chart for the chart issue dated September 8, 2012.
At some point in time, on the US Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart, "Dive" peaked at number 34.