At some point in time, Richard Rennison was born on 29 October 1889 in Shankhouse, Northumberland.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison died on 5 August 1969 at Haltwhistle, Northumberland.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison was the last "anvil priest" at Gretna Green, Scotland.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison performed "irregular marriages" of couples over the anvil at the Old Blacksmith Shop between 1926 and 1940.
At some point in time, couples proclaimed that they were single and wanted to get married in front of witnesses during the "irregular marriages."
At some point in time, Richard Rennison generally requested a fee of £1 for a ceremony.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison was known to earn up to £20 for a ceremony.
At some point in time, £20 for a ceremony was approximately £3,030 in 2012.
At some point in time, the popularity of the marriages grew while Richard Rennison was performing them.
At some point in time, a special committee was formed to look at marriage in Scotland due to the popularity of the marriages.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison was called as a witness by the special committee.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison conducted 5,147 ceremonies by the time "irregular marriages" were outlawed in Scotland.
At some point in time, "Irregular marriages" were outlawed in Scotland by the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison was born to coalminer James Rennison and his wife Ann.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison spent time working as a "General Dealer."
At some point in time, Richard Rennison spent time working as a photographer.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison spent time as a Methodist preacher in Tyneside.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison married Jessie Little in Nicholforest, Cumberland in 1923.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison and Jessie Little moved to Gretna in 1926.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison described himself as a saddler, an ironmonger, and a boot maker by 1926.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison initially set himself up as a saddler when he moved to Gretna.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison opened a cafe when he moved to Gretna.
At some point in time, Hugh Mackie purchased the Old Blacksmith's Shop at Gretna Green in 1890.
At some point in time, Hugh Mackie resided at the Old Blacksmith's Shop as "anvil priest" until 1926.
At some point in time, Hugh Mackie was looking to retire and find a replacement in 1926.
At some point in time, Hugh Mackie found Richard Rennison as a replacement.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison joined the community before 1927.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison was presiding over marriages by October 1927.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison acted as caretaker of the Old Blacksmith's Shop by October 1927.
At some point in time, the Old Blacksmith's Shop ceased any metalwork in 1900.
At some point in time, the Old Blacksmith's Shop was solely used for marriage ceremonies after 1900.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison became the resident "anvil priest."
At some point in time, Richard Rennison married around 2,000 couples in his first ten years.
At some point in time, the majority of couples married by Richard Rennison were between 40 and 60 years old.
At some point in time, by 1939, the number of marriages Richard Rennison had performed had increased past 4,000.
At some point in time, many young men wanted to get married before starting their service in World War II.
At some point in time, marriages at the blacksmith shop were inconsistent during Richard Rennison's time as "anvil priest."
At some point in time, marriages followed the same pattern during Richard Rennison's time as "anvil priest."
At some point in time, both parties were to declare in front of witnesses that they were single.
At some point in time, one party had to have lived in Scotland for 21 days before the marriage.
At some point in time, there are documented cases where the marriage requirements were not confirmed.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison would strike the hammer on the anvil to marry the couple.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison's wife often acted as a witness to the couples getting married.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison's wife sometimes performed the ceremonies herself.
At some point in time, the marriage fee was supposedly £1.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison sometimes performed the ceremony for free.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison sometimes performed the ceremony for however much he was given.
At some point in time, in one case, Richard Rennison received £20 for a ceremony.
At some point in time, £20 for a ceremony was worth approximately £3,030 in 2012.
At some point in time, if witnesses were required, they would be provided at the cost of 2s 6d each.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison traveled to London in 1931 for a "sight-seeing visit."
At some point in time, Richard Rennison brought the anvil with him to London to protect it from theft.
At some point in time, the anvil weighed 240 pounds (110 kg).
At some point in time, the Leader-Post suggested that transporting the old anvil was more likely a publicity stunt.
At some point in time, a special committee headed by Lord Morison was appointed in 1935 to look at marriage in Scotland.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison gave evidence before the special committee in 1936.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison claimed that he was known as "the Gretna priest."
At some point in time, Richard Rennison did not dress like a priest.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison stated that he knew he was not a priest.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison confirmed that he had been removing the word "priest" from marriage certificates.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison told couples that they needed to confirm their marriage with the registrar at Dumfries.
At some point in time, the committee's findings led to the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939.
At some point in time, the Marriage (Scotland) Act 1939 outlawed the process of "irregular marriages."
At some point in time, when the new law came into force in 1940, Richard Rennison had performed 5,147 marriages.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison's role changed to a symbolic one after the new law came into force.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison "blessed" marriages after the new law came into force.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison acted as caretaker of the forge after the new law came into force.
At some point in time, Richard Rennison regularly appeared at court to ensure the marriages he performed were judicially recognized.