At some point in time, the 34th Boat Race took place on 24 March 1877.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is an annual side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames.
At some point in time, the race ended in a dead heat.
At some point in time, the dead heat was the first and only time the event has ended in such a fashion.
At some point in time, Oxford believed that Oxford were the victors despite the formal declaration of a tie.
At some point in time, the controversy surrounding the result led to significant changes to the way in which the race was conducted.
At some point in time, the changes included the introduction of finishing posts.
At some point in time, the changes included the appointment of former Blues as umpires.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing competition between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
At some point in time, the University of Oxford is sometimes referred to as the "Dark Blues."
At some point in time, the University of Cambridge is sometimes referred to as the "Light Blues."
At some point in time, the race was first held in 1829.
At some point in time, since 1845, the race has taken place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London.
At some point in time, the rivalry is a major point of honour between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, as of 2014, the Boat Race is broadcast worldwide.
At some point in time, Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions.
At some point in time, Cambridge had beaten Oxford easily in the previous year's race.
At some point in time, Oxford held the overall lead with 17 victories.
At some point in time, Cambridge had 16 victories.
At some point in time, Oxford was coached by Reverend William Sherwood.
At some point in time, Reverend William Sherwood rowed for Oxford in the 1873 and 1874 races.
At some point in time, Oxford was also coached by Edmund Warre.
At some point in time, Edmund Warre represented the Dark Blues in the 1857 and 1858 races.
At some point in time, Cambridge's coach was James Brooks Close.
At some point in time, James Brooks Close rowed for the Light Blues in the 1872, 1873, and 1874 races.
At some point in time, Cambridge had practised at Putney a fortnight before the race.
At some point in time, Cambridge were initially the bookmaker's clear favourites.
At some point in time, Oxford's practice rows a week later impressed.
At some point in time, Oxford's practice rows brought them back into contention.
At some point in time, the race was umpired by Joseph William Chitty.
At some point in time, Joseph William Chitty had rowed for Oxford twice in 1849.
At some point in time, Joseph William Chitty had rowed for Oxford in the 1852 race.
At some point in time, the starter of the race was Edward Searle.
At some point in time, Joseph William Chitty was assisted by "Honest" John Phelps.
At some point in time, John Phelps acted as the finishing judge.
At some point in time, John Phelps was over 70 years old.
At some point in time, John Phelps was reportedly blind in one eye.
At some point in time, the Oxford crew weighed an average of 12 st 3.875 lb (77.8 kg).
At some point in time, the Oxford crew weighed 4.125 pounds (1.9 kg) more than the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, the Cambridge crew featured seven former Blues.
At some point in time, the cox of the Cambridge crew was George Latham Davies.
At some point in time, George Latham Davies was participating in his third Boat Race.
At some point in time, the number four of the Cambridge crew was William Brooks Close.
At some point in time, William Brooks Close was participating in his third Boat Race.
At some point in time, Oxford saw four Blues return.
At some point in time, the four Blues who returned for Oxford were J. M. Boustead, Tom Cottingham Edwards-Moss, H. J. Stayner, and H. P. Marriott.
At some point in time, J. M. Boustead had rowed in the previous two races.
At some point in time, Tom Cottingham Edwards-Moss had rowed in the previous two races.
At some point in time, H. J. Stayner had rowed in the previous two races.
At some point in time, H. P. Marriott had rowed in the previous two races.
At some point in time, the race started on Saturday, 24 March 1877, at 8:27 a.m.
At some point in time, Oxford had won the toss.
At some point in time, Oxford elected to start from the Middlesex station.
At some point in time, Oxford handed the Surrey side of the river to Cambridge.
At some point in time, the Dark Blues took an early lead.
At some point in time, the Dark Blues were ahead at the Mile Post.
At some point in time, by the Crab Tree pub, the crews were level.
At some point in time, Cambridge pulled ahead.
At some point in time, Cambridge held a quarter-of-a-length lead by Hammersmith Bridge.
At some point in time, Cambridge extended their lead until the crews arrived at Chiswick Reach.
At some point in time, Oxford re-took the lead at Chiswick Reach.
At some point in time, at Chiswick Steps, the Dark Blues were leading by half-a-length.
At some point in time, by Barnes Bridge, the Dark Blues were clear.
At some point in time, Cowles, the Oxford bowman, suffered serious damage to his oar.
At some point in time, the damage to Cowles' oar nullified further contribution to the race.
At some point in time, an Oxford undergraduate described that Oxford staggered and stood still in a mass of foam.
At some point in time, the bow-oar, Cowles, had struck the top of a big wave in feathering.
At some point in time, Cowles broke his blade clean off.
At some point in time, almost immediately, Cambridge took the advantage.
At some point in time, Cambridge was held off by a determined Oxford crew.
At some point in time, the Oxford crew spurted magnificently.
At some point in time, the Oxford crew drew up steadily inch by inch.
At some point in time, it was a near thing as Oxford passed the post.
At some point in time, the Official Centenary History noted that it is perhaps too much to expect a unanimous acquiescence in a verdict of "dead heat."
At some point in time, no conclusion could be more unsatisfactory to the competitors themselves.
At some point in time, Oxford firmly believed that Oxford had won the race by feet.
At some point in time, following a subsequent meeting in a law court, the official result was declared as "Dead Heat."
At some point in time, Punch declared that "Oxford won, Cambridge too."
At some point in time, W. W. Rouse Ball was a Fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge.
At some point in time, W. W. Rouse Ball wrote in A History of The First Trinity Boat Club.
At some point in time, W. W. Rouse Ball suggested that the broken oar was the deciding factor.
At some point in time, W. W. Rouse Ball stated that but for the broken oar, Oxford would have won.
At some point in time, a correspondent writing in The Sydney Mail said both teams should consider themselves lucky that they did not lose.
At some point in time, the correspondent speculated that the race would be looked back as "the great gooseberry" year.
At some point in time, this was the last year that the result was judged by a professional waterman.
At some point in time, the controversy resulted in the introduction of the finishing posts.
At some point in time, the finishing posts remain, as of 2014, 113 metres (371 ft) downstream of Chiswick Bridge.
At some point in time, the finishing posts are engraved with "UBR" for University Boat Race.
At some point in time, the controversy led to the selection of a former Blue as the umpire.
At some point in time, the umpire is selected by one university from a shortlist drawn up from the other.
At some point in time, the selection of the umpire alternates each year.
At some point in time, Phelps was replaced as finishing judge by E. H. Fairre.
At some point in time, Phelps died on 5 December 1890.
At some point in time, Richard Phelps is the great-great-great-great-nephew of John Phelps.
At some point in time, Richard Phelps umpired the 2014 race.
At some point in time, the 2014 race also ended controversially.
At some point in time, Cambridge lost five strokes after a clash of oars in the 2014 race.
At some point in time, Oxford won by 11 lengths in the 2014 race.
At some point in time, the 11 lengths was the biggest margin for more than 40 years.
At some point in time, Phelps declined an appeal from the Light Blues for a re-row.