At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is a picture book collection by Theodor Seuss Geisel.
At some point in time, Theodor Seuss Geisel is more commonly known by the pseudonym Dr. Seuss.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was first released by Random House Books on April 12, 1958.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is written in Seuss's trademark style.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories uses a type of meter called anapestic tetrameter.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories contains three short stories.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is mostly known for its first story, "Yertle the Turtle."
At some point in time, in "Yertle the Turtle," Yertle, king of the pond, stands on his subjects.
At some point in time, Yertle attempts to reach higher than the moon.
At some point in time, the bottom turtle burps and Yertle falls into the mud.
At some point in time, Yertle's fall ends his rule.
At some point in time, the book included the word "burp."
At some point in time, the word "burp" was considered to be relatively rude at the time of publication.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was a success upon publication.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories has sold over a million copies since its publication.
At some point in time, in 2001, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was listed at 125 on the Publishers Weekly list of the best-selling children's books of all time.
At some point in time, the eponymous story "Yertle the Turtle" revolves around Yertle the Turtle.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle is the king of the pond.
At some point in time, Yertle is dissatisfied with the stone that serves as his throne.
At some point in time, Yertle commands the other turtles to stack themselves beneath him.
At some point in time, Yertle wants to see farther and expand his kingdom.
At some point in time, the stacked turtles are in pain.
At some point in time, Mack is the turtle at the very bottom of the pile.
At some point in time, Mack is suffering the most among the stacked turtles.
At some point in time, Mack asks Yertle for a respite.
At some point in time, Yertle tells Mack to be quiet.
At some point in time, Yertle decides to expand his kingdom.
At some point in time, Yertle commands more turtles to add to his throne.
At some point in time, Mack makes a second request for a respite.
At some point in time, the increased weight is causing extreme pain to the turtles at the bottom of the pile.
At some point in time, the increased weight is causing hunger to the turtles at the bottom of the pile.
At some point in time, Yertle yells at Mack to be quiet again.
At some point in time, Yertle notices the moon rising above him.
At some point in time, Yertle is furious that something dares to be higher than him.
At some point in time, Yertle decides to call for even more turtles.
At some point in time, Yertle attempts to rise above the moon.
At some point in time, Mack decides he has had enough.
At some point in time, Mack burps.
At some point in time, Mack's burp takes away Yertle's throne.
At some point in time, Mack's burp tosses Yertle off the turtle stack.
At some point in time, Yertle falls into the mud.
At some point in time, Yertle is left as "King of the Mud."
At some point in time, Mack's burp frees the other turtles.
At some point in time, the second story is titled "Gertrude McFuzz."
At some point in time, the second story recounts the tale of Gertrude McFuzz.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz is a "girl-bird."
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz has one small, plain tail feather.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz envies Lolla Lee Lou.
At some point in time, Lolla Lee Lou has two feathers.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz goes to her uncle, Doctor Dake.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz asks Doctor Dake for something to make her tail grow.
At some point in time, Doctor Dake tries to tell Gertrude McFuzz that her tail is just right for her species.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz throws a tantrum.
At some point in time, Doctor Dake gives in to Gertrude McFuzz.
At some point in time, Doctor Dake tells Gertrude McFuzz where she can find berries that will make her tail grow.
At some point in time, the first berry makes Gertrude McFuzz's tail exactly like Lolla Lee Lou's.
At some point in time, greed overtakes Gertrude McFuzz.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz wants to surpass Lolla Lee Lou.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz eats the entire vine.
At some point in time, eating the entire vine causes Gertrude McFuzz's tail to grow to an enormous size.
At some point in time, the added weight of too many feathers does not allow Gertrude McFuzz to fly.
At some point in time, the added weight of too many feathers does not allow Gertrude McFuzz to run.
At some point in time, the added weight of too many feathers does not allow Gertrude McFuzz to walk.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz panics by yelping repeatedly.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz is stuck on the hill.
At some point in time, Doctor Dake hears Gertrude McFuzz's painful yelps.
At some point in time, Doctor Dake sends for a rescue.
At some point in time, many other birds are forced to carry Gertrude McFuzz home.
At some point in time, many other birds are forced to pluck out Gertrude McFuzz's tail feathers.
At some point in time, plucking out Gertrude McFuzz's tail feathers takes a few weeks.
At some point in time, plucking out Gertrude McFuzz's tail feathers causes her to be sore.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz has only one feather left after the plucking.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz's remaining feather is the same as before.
At some point in time, Gertrude McFuzz now has "enough" because she is smarter.
At some point in time, the third story is titled "The Big Brag."
At some point in time, the third story tells of a rabbit and a bear.
At some point in time, the rabbit and the bear boast that they are the "best of the beasts."
At some point in time, the rabbit boasts about the range of his hearing abilities.
At some point in time, the bear boasts about the range of his smelling abilities.
At some point in time, the rabbit and the bear are humbled by a worm.
At some point in time, the worm claims he can see all around the world.
At some point in time, the worm sees back to his own hill.
At some point in time, the worm sees the rabbit and bear.
At some point in time, the worm calls the rabbit and bear "the two biggest fools that have ever been seen."
At some point in time, a stack of turtles drawn similarly to those featured in "Yertle the Turtle" first appeared on March 20, 1942.
At some point in time, the stack of turtles appeared in a cartoon for the New York City newspaper PM.
At some point in time, Seuss worked as an editorial cartoonist for the New York City newspaper PM.
At some point in time, the illustration shows two stacks of turtles forming the letter "V."
At some point in time, the illustration shows a large turtle labeled "Dawdling Producers."
At some point in time, the illustration has a caption reading "You Can't Build A Substantial V Out of Turtles!"
At some point in time, Seuss has stated that the titular character Yertle represented Adolf Hitler.
At some point in time, Yertle's despotic rule of the pond parallels Hitler's regime in Germany.
At some point in time, Yertle's takeover of the surrounding area parallels Hitler's invasion of various parts of Europe.
At some point in time, Seuss made a point of not beginning the writing of his stories with a moral in mind.
At some point in time, Seuss stated that "kids can see a moral coming a mile off."
At some point in time, Seuss was not against writing about issues.
At some point in time, Seuss said "there's an inherent moral in any story."
At some point in time, Seuss remarked that he was "subversive as hell."
At some point in time, "Yertle the Turtle" has been described as "autocratic rule overturned."
At some point in time, "Yertle the Turtle" has been described as "a reaction against the fascism of World War II."
At some point in time, "Yertle the Turtle" has been described as "subversive of authoritarian rule."
At some point in time, in 2003, reporter John J. Miller compared Yertle to the former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein.
At some point in time, John J. Miller said that "its final lines apply as much to Saddam Hussein as they once did to the European fascists."
At some point in time, the last lines of "Yertle the Turtle" read: "And turtles, of course... all the turtles are free / As turtles, and maybe, all creatures should be."
At some point in time, Seuss was questioned about why he wrote "maybe" rather than "surely."
At some point in time, Seuss replied that he didn't want to sound "didactic or like a preacher on a platform."
At some point in time, Seuss wanted the reader to say "surely" in their minds instead of him having to say it.
At some point in time, the use of the word "burp" was an issue before publication.
At some point in time, Seuss stated that the publishers at Random House had to meet to decide whether or not they could use "burp."
At some point in time, the president of Random House was included in the meeting about the word "burp."
At some point in time, nobody had ever burped before on the pages of a children's book.
At some point in time, despite the publishers' initial worries, the book proved to be a hit.
At some point in time, in 2001, Publishers Weekly reported that Yertle the Turtle was 125th on the list of best-selling hardcover children's books in the United States.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle sold just over one million copies.
At some point in time, the book is dedicated to the Sagmaster family.
At some point in time, the book is a tribute to Joseph Sagmaster.
At some point in time, Joseph Sagmaster introduced Seuss to his first wife, Helen Palmer.
At some point in time, Joseph Sagmaster and Helen Palmer met while attending Oxford University.
At some point in time, Joseph Sagmaster is quoted as saying that bringing Seuss and Helen Palmer together was "the happiest inspiration I've ever had."
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories has not been directly adapted.
At some point in time, several characters from Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories have appeared in other media.
At some point in time, Yertle is a character in the 1996–1997 television series The Wubbulous World of Dr. Seuss.
At some point in time, in Stephen Flaherty's Broadway musical Seussical, Yertle serves as a judge.
At some point in time, in Stephen Flaherty's Broadway musical Seussical, Gertrude McFuzz acts as Horton's love interest.
At some point in time, the story was turned into a dance number in the 1994 film In Search of Dr. Seuss.
At some point in time, Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is a 1992 animation directed by Ray Messecar.
At some point in time, the 1992 animation of Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was narrated by John Lithgow.
At some point in time, the 1992 animation of Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories was later released and cropped to widescreen format on Blu-ray.
At some point in time, the 1992 animation of Yertle the Turtle and Other Stories is part of Who's Who in the Dr. Seuss?
At some point in time, the Red Hot Chili Peppers adapted the story in the song "Yertle the Turtle."
At some point in time, the song "Yertle the Turtle" is on the Red Hot Chili Peppers' second album, Freaky Styley.
At some point in time, Freaky Styley was released in 1985.