At some point in time, the porcupine ray (Urogymnus asperrimus) is a rare species of stingray in the family Dasyatidae. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is the only member of its genus. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found throughout the tropical Indo-Pacific. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found off West Africa. At some point in time, the porcupine ray favors sand habitats in inshore waters. At some point in time, the porcupine ray favors coral rubble habitats in inshore waters. At some point in time, the porcupine ray favors seagrass habitats in inshore waters. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found at depths of up to 30 m (100 ft). At some point in time, the porcupine ray reaches a width of 1.2 – 1.5 m (3.9 – 4.9 ft). At some point in time, the porcupine ray has a nearly circular, plain-colored pectoral fin disc. At some point in time, the porcupine ray has a thin tail without any fin folds. At some point in time, the porcupine ray lacks a venomous stinging spine. At some point in time, an adult porcupine ray can defend itself with many large, sharp thorns found over its disc and tail. At some point in time, the diet of the porcupine ray consists mainly of benthic invertebrates. At some point in time, the diet of the porcupine ray consists mainly of bony fishes. At some point in time, the porcupine ray digs up its food from the sea floor. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is aplacental viviparous. At some point in time, the developing embryos of the porcupine ray are nourished by histotroph ("uterine milk") produced by the mother. At some point in time, the porcupine ray has been valued for its rough and durable skin. At some point in time, the skin of the porcupine ray was made into shagreen leather. At some point in time, shagreen leather was used for various utilitarian purposes. At some point in time, shagreen leather was used for ornamental purposes. At some point in time, shagreen leather was used to cover sword hilts. At some point in time, shagreen leather was used to cover shields. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is caught incidentally by coastal fisheries. At some point in time, the commercial significance of the porcupine ray is limited. At some point in time, unregulated fishing has led to the porcupine ray declining in many parts of its range. At some point in time, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed the porcupine ray as Vulnerable. At some point in time, Marcus Elieser Bloch and Johann Gottlob Schneider described the porcupine ray in their 1801 work Systema Ichthyologiae. At some point in time, Bloch and Schneider based their description of the porcupine ray on a partial dried skin obtained from Mumbai, India. At some point in time, Bloch and Schneider placed the porcupine ray in the genus Raja. At some point in time, Bloch and Schneider named the porcupine ray asperrima, meaning "roughest" in Latin. At some point in time, Bloch and Schneider also described a West African form named Raja africana. At some point in time, later authors have regarded Raja africana and the porcupine ray as synonymous. At some point in time, there is uncertainty about which name has priority between Raja asperrima and Raja africana. At some point in time, some works give the porcupine ray's specific epithet as asperrimus. At some point in time, some works give the porcupine ray's specific epithet as africanus. At some point in time, Johannes Peter Müller and Friedrich Gustav Jakob Henle placed the porcupine ray in a new genus, Gymnura, in 1837. At some point in time, the name Gymnura was already in use, referring to the butterfly rays. At some point in time, Müller and Henle replaced Gymnura with Urogymnus later that year. At some point in time, the names Urogymnus and Gymnura are derived from the Ancient Greek words oura ("tail") and gymnos ("naked" or "unarmed"). At some point in time, the names Urogymnus and Gymnura refer to the lack of a tail sting. At some point in time, other common names for the porcupine ray include black spotted ray, rough-skinned ray, roughback stingaree, Solander's ray, and thorny ray. At some point in time, there may be more than one species of porcupine ray currently recognized. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is widely distributed. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is uncommon compared to other stingrays that share its range. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found all along the continental periphery of the Indian Ocean. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found from South Africa to the Arabian Peninsula. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found to Southeast Asia. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found at Ningaloo Reef off western Australia. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found in Madagascar. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found in the Seychelles. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found in Sri Lanka. At some point in time, the porcupine ray has colonized the eastern Mediterranean Sea through the Suez Canal. At some point in time, the range of the porcupine ray continues through Indonesia in the Pacific Ocean. At some point in time, the range of the porcupine ray continues through New Guinea in the Pacific Ocean. At some point in time, the range of the porcupine ray continues north to the Philippines in the Pacific Ocean. At some point in time, the range of the porcupine ray continues east to the Gilbert Islands in the Pacific Ocean. At some point in time, the range of the porcupine ray continues south to Heron Island off eastern Australia in the Pacific Ocean. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is also found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean off Senegal. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is also found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean off Guinea. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is also found in the eastern Atlantic Ocean off Côte d'Ivoire. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is bottom-dwelling in nature. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is found close to shore at depths of 1 – 30 m (3 – 100 ft). At some point in time, the porcupine ray inhabits sandy flats. At some point in time, the porcupine ray inhabits coral rubble. At some point in time, the porcupine ray inhabits seagrass beds. At some point in time, the porcupine ray often inhabits areas near reefs. At some point in time, the porcupine ray also enters brackish water. At some point in time, the pectoral fin disc of the porcupine ray is evenly oval. At some point in time, the pectoral fin disc of the porcupine ray is almost as wide as long. At some point in time, the pectoral fin disc of the porcupine ray is very thick at the center. At some point in time, the thickness of the pectoral fin disc gives it a domed appearance. At some point in time, the tip of the snout of the porcupine ray is rounded. At some point in time, the tip of the snout of the porcupine ray barely protrudes. At some point in time, the small eyes of the porcupine ray are closely followed by much larger spiracles. At some point in time, the area between the narrow nostrils of the porcupine ray has a skirt-shaped curtain of skin. At some point in time, the posterior margin of the curtain of skin is strongly fringed. At some point in time, the posterior margin of the curtain of skin overhangs the mouth. At some point in time, the mouth of the porcupine ray bears 3 – 5 papillae on the floor. At some point in time, the mouth of the porcupine ray has prominent furrows at the corners. At some point in time, the area around the mouth of the porcupine ray is heavily covered by more papillae. At some point in time, the porcupine ray has around 48 tooth rows in either jaw. At some point in time, the teeth of the porcupine ray are small and flattened. At some point in time, the porcupine ray has five pairs of gill slits located on the underside of the disc. At some point in time, the pelvic fins of the porcupine ray are small and narrow. At some point in time, the thin, rapidly tapering tail of the porcupine ray is about equal to the disc in length. At some point in time, the tail of the porcupine ray has an almost cylindrical cross-section. At some point in time, the tail of the porcupine ray has no fin folds. At some point in time, the tail of the porcupine ray has no venomous stinging spine. At some point in time, a dense patch of flattened, heart-shaped dermal denticles covers the center of the disc of the porcupine ray. At some point in time, the dense patch of dermal denticles extends onto the tail of the porcupine ray. At some point in time, larger individuals of the porcupine ray have numerous tall, sharp thorns over the entire upper surface of the disc. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is plain light to dark gray or brown above. At some point in time, the color of the porcupine ray darkens to blackish towards the tail tip. At some point in time, the underside of the porcupine ray is white. At some point in time, the porcupine ray grows to at least 1.2 m (3.9 ft) across. At some point in time, the porcupine ray grows to at least 2.2 m (7.2 ft) long. At some point in time, the porcupine ray may reach 1.5 m (4.9 ft) across. At some point in time, the porcupine ray can sometimes be observed lying still on the bottom. At some point in time, the porcupine ray can sometimes be observed lying inside caves. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is known to form groups at Ningaloo Reef. At some point in time, the diet of the porcupine ray consists primarily of sipunculids. At some point in time, the diet of the porcupine ray consists primarily of polychaete worms. At some point in time, the diet of the porcupine ray consists primarily of crustaceans. At some point in time, the diet of the porcupine ray consists primarily of bony fishes. At some point in time, when feeding, the porcupine ray plows deeply into the bottom. At some point in time, the porcupine ray expels excess sediment from its spiracles in a plume. At some point in time, the plume of sediment expelled by the porcupine ray is visible from a long distance away. At some point in time, the porcupine ray has documented parasites. At some point in time, the documented parasites of the porcupine ray include the tapeworm Rhinebothrium devaneyi. At some point in time, the documented parasites of the porcupine ray include the nematode Echinocephalus overstreeti. At some point in time, the documented parasites of the porcupine ray include the capsalid monogeneans Dendromonocotyle urogymni. At some point in time, the documented parasites of the porcupine ray include the capsalid monogeneans Neoentobdella baggioi. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is aplacental viviparous. At some point in time, the developing embryos of the porcupine ray are sustained to term by histotroph ("uterine milk") secreted by the mother. At some point in time, mangrove forests serve as important habitat for juvenile porcupine rays. At some point in time, males of the porcupine ray mature sexually at about 90 cm (35 in) across. At some point in time, females of the porcupine ray mature sexually at about 100 cm (39 in) across. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is capable of injuring humans with its many sharp thorns. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is reportedly bold. At some point in time, the porcupine ray is reportedly tolerant of being approached closely underwater. At some point in time, the tough, thorny skin of the porcupine ray is made into a form of leather called shagreen. At some point in time, the skin of the porcupine ray had many historical uses. At some point in time, the skin of the porcupine ray was used to cover the hilts of various melee weapons. At some point in time, the extremely rough texture of the skin of the porcupine ray prevented slippage during battle. At some point in time, the Japanese deemed the porcupine ray the only species whose skin was acceptable for covering sword grips. At some point in time, the Malayans used the skin of the porcupine ray to cover shields. At some point in time, the skin of the porcupine ray was used ornamentally. At some point in time, the Chinese dyed the skin of the porcupine ray. At some point in time, the Chinese ground down the thorns of the porcupine ray to yield a mottled pattern. At some point in time, the native inhabitants of Funafuti Atoll used dried portions of the porcupine ray's tail as a rasp-like tool. At some point in time,