At some point in time, The 108th Boat Race took place on 7 April 1962.
At some point in time, The Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
At some point in time, The Boat Race is held annually.
At some point in time, The Boat Race takes place along the River Thames.
At some point in time, The Boat Race was umpired by Ran Laurie.
At some point in time, Cambridge won the Boat Race by five lengths.
At some point in time, Cambridge completed the race in a time of 19 minutes 46 seconds.
At some point in time, The race featured the heaviest oarsman since the 1829 race.
At some point in time, The Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing competition between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
At some point in time, The University of Oxford is sometimes referred to as the "Dark Blues."
At some point in time, The University of Cambridge is sometimes referred to as the "Light Blues."
At some point in time, The first Boat Race was held in 1829.
At some point in time, The Boat Race takes place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course.
At some point in time, The Championship Course is located on the River Thames in southwest London.
At some point in time, The rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge is a major point of honour between the two universities.
At some point in time, The Boat Race is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, As of 2014, the Boat Race is broadcast worldwide.
At some point in time, Cambridge went into the 1962 race as reigning champions.
At some point in time, Cambridge won the 1961 race by four-and-a-quarter lengths.
At some point in time, Cambridge led overall with 58 victories.
At some point in time, Oxford has 48 victories.
The "dead heat" of 1877 is excluded from the overall count.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by J. R. F. Best.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by James Crowden.
At some point in time, James Crowden rowed twice for Cambridge in the 1951 and 1952 races.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by Charles Lloyd.
At some point in time, Charles Lloyd is a three-time Blue.
At some point in time, Charles Lloyd rowed in the 1949, 1950, and 1951 races.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by Harold Rickett.
At some point in time, Harold Rickett rowed in the 1930, 1931, and 1932 races.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included Jumbo Edwards.
At some point in time, Jumbo Edwards rowed for Oxford in the 1926 and 1930 races.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included Ronnie Howard.
At some point in time, Ronnie Howard represented Oxford in the 1957 and 1959 races.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included Antony Rowe.
At some point in time, Antony Rowe had rowed in the 1948 and 1949 races.
At some point in time, The Cambridge crew were favourites on their arrival at Putney.
At some point in time, The Cambridge crew was reckoned to be "one of the best Boat Race crews for ten years."
At some point in time, The early performances of the Cambridge crew in practice did not impress the critics.
At some point in time, Cambridge took four seconds off the record time from the Mile Post to Putney Bridge in their final row before the race.
At some point in time, Cambridge covered the distance from the Mile Post to Putney Bridge in 4 minutes 6 seconds.
At some point in time, The race was umpired by Ran Laurie.
At some point in time, Ran Laurie had rowed for Cambridge in the 1934, 1935, and 1936 races.
At some point in time, Ran Laurie won a gold medal for Great Britain at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, The Oxford crew weighed an average of 13 st 2.75 lb (83.6 kg).
At some point in time, The Oxford crew weighed 2.75 pounds (1.2 kg) per rower more than the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, The Cambridge crew included two former Blues.
At some point in time, R. Nicholson was the bow for the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, A. J. Collier was number four for the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew contained two rowers with Boat Race experience.
At some point in time, C. M. Davis was rowing at stroke for the Oxford crew for the third consecutive year.
At some point in time, Two non-British participants were registered in the race.
At some point in time, John Lecky was rowing at number five for the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, John Lecky is a Canadian Olympic oarsman.
At some point in time, Harold Budd occupied the six seat for the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, Harold Budd weighed 15 st 1 lb (95.5 kg).
At some point in time, Harold Budd was the heaviest oarsman to feature in the Boat Race since J. J. Toogood.
At some point in time, J. J. Toogood rowed for Oxford in the inaugural race in 1829.
At some point in time, Cambridge won the toss and elected to start from the Surrey station.
At some point in time, Oxford was handed the Middlesex side of the river.
At some point in time, The race commenced at 3.45 pm.
At some point in time, The Dark Blues made a better start at the beginning of the race.
At some point in time, The Dark Blues quickly held the lead.
At some point in time, Cambridge had a "sticky second stroke."
At some point in time, Both crews were rating 34 strokes per minute.
At some point in time, The Light Blues quickly restored parity during the race.
At some point in time, The Light Blues took the lead and held a one-length advantage by Craven Steps.
At some point in time, A spurt from Oxford reduced the deficit to half a length.
At some point in time, Cambridge began to pull away again during the race.
At some point in time, Cambridge was being outrated by the Dark Blues.
At some point in time, Another spurt at the Crab Tree saw the two crews level by Harrods Furniture Depository.
At some point in time, The crews were level as they passed below Hammersmith Bridge.
At some point in time, The Cambridge cox succeeded in forcing the Oxford boat wide and into rough water.
At some point in time, The Cambridge crew took advantage of the rough water.
At some point in time, The Cambridge crew drew clear above Chiswick Eyot.
At some point in time, Oxford pulled in behind the Light Blue boat to avoid the breaking waves.
At some point in time, The race as a contest was effectively ended when Oxford pulled in behind the Light Blue boat.
At some point in time, Cambridge continued to pull away during the race.
At some point in time, Cambridge passed the finishing post with a lead of five lengths.
At some point in time, The winning time of 19 minutes 46 seconds was the slowest winning time since the 1954 race.
At some point in time, The 1962 victory was Cambridge's second consecutive victory.
At some point in time, The 1962 victory was Cambridge's largest winning margin since the 1955 race.
At some point in time, According to the rowing correspondent for The Times, the 1962 victory was a most convincing though not unexpected victory for Cambridge.