At some point in time, Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back is a computer game developed and published by British developer Palace Software.
At some point in time, Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back is a sequel to the 1985 title Cauldron.
At some point in time, Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back is a two-dimensional (2D) platform game.
At some point in time, Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back was released in 1986 for the ZX Spectrum.
At some point in time, Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back was released in 1986 for the Commodore 64.
At some point in time, Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back was released in 1986 for the Amstrad CPC home computers.
At some point in time, players control a bouncing pumpkin in Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back.
At some point in time, the bouncing pumpkin is on a quest of vengeance against the "Witch Queen" in Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back.
At some point in time, the roles of the pumpkin and the witch were reversed from the first game.
At some point in time, in the first game, the witch defeated a monster pumpkin.
At some point in time, Steve Brown began work on a sequel to Cauldron following its success.
At some point in time, a very different gameplay was implemented for the sequel to provide fans of the original title with a new experience.
At some point in time, several minor features retained connections to the first game.
At some point in time, Steve Brown designed Cauldron II: The Pumpkin Strikes Back around the bouncing pumpkin character's movement.
At some point in time, the bouncing mechanic proved problematic for the programmers.
At some point in time, the programmers were unable to perfect the implementation of the bouncing mechanic.
At some point in time, technical limitations prevented the programmers from implementing certain animations.
At some point in time, the animations that could not be implemented included turning pages of a book.
At some point in time, Cauldron II was first released on the Commodore 64.
At some point in time, Cauldron II was released in the following years on other systems.
At some point in time, Cauldron II was released as re-releases.
At some point in time, the game received praise mainly for its audio-visuals in video game magazines.
At some point in time, difficulty in handling the bouncing pumpkin's movement was a common complaint.
At some point in time, reviewers felt the overall package of Cauldron II was of good value.
At some point in time, in Cauldron, the protagonist was a witch.
At some point in time, the witch became the "Witch Queen" by defeating an enemy called the "Pumpking."
At some point in time, in Cauldron II, players control a pumpkin that has survived the witch's ascent to power.
At some point in time, the pumpkin seeks to defeat the witch in Cauldron II.
At some point in time, Cauldron II takes place in the witch's castle.
At some point in time, players control the pumpkin by manipulating the direction and height of its bounce.
At some point in time, Halloween-themed enemies inhabit the game world of Cauldron II.
At some point in time, the Halloween-themed enemies include ghosts, monsters, and skeletons.
At some point in time, contact with an enemy drains the pumpkin's magic meter.
At some point in time, the magic meter fuels the protagonist's offensive projectiles.
At some point in time, the character dies once the magic meter is depleted.
At some point in time, the pumpkin has a limited number of lives to continue the game.
At some point in time, the game ends once all of the pumpkin's lives have been expended.
At some point in time, on continuing, the pumpkin reappears on the screen with a refilled magic meter.
At some point in time, the success of Cauldron in 1985 prompted Palace Software to produce a sequel.
At some point in time, the development team wanted to be innovative and implement new gameplay features for the sequel.
At some point in time, Steven Brown resumed his role as designer for Cauldron II.
At some point in time, Richard Leinfellner resumed his role as programmer for Cauldron II.
At some point in time, Richard Joseph handled the audio design for Cauldron II.
At some point in time, Stan Schembri programmed the Commodore 64 version of Cauldron II.
At some point in time, Brown drew inspiration from the final scene of Cauldron.
At some point in time, the final scene of Cauldron features the witch's fight against the Pumpking.
At some point in time, the Pumpking bounced around a room in the final scene of Cauldron.
At some point in time, Brown felt the bouncing pumpkin looked "cool."
At some point in time, Brown decided to base the sequel's gameplay on the bouncing pumpkin's aspect.
At some point in time, the other team members proceeded with development despite being unsure about the idea.
At some point in time, the pumpkin's movement could change direction only if force is applied to it while in contact with a surface that provides friction.
At some point in time, the mechanic prohibited the pumpkin from changing directions while in mid-air.
At some point in time, the mechanic proved problematic for the programmers to implement.
At some point in time, issues included difficulties with collision detection.
At some point in time, unpredictable movements led to glitches during development.
At some point in time, the pumpkin's ability to fire projectiles was intended to provide offensive game mechanics to players.
At some point in time, in early designs, the projectile inadvertently generated a force that changed the pumpkin's direction.
At some point in time, the programmers tried to correct the projectile issue but were unable to create a perfect solution.
At some point in time, Brown switched focus to the game's aesthetics as the gameplay designs were being implemented.
At some point in time, scenes from the game were sketched on storyboards to aid development.
At some point in time, Cauldron II's game world was designed to resemble Palace Software's logo as an advertising tactic.
At some point in time, Brown photographed separate screens of the game and assembled them into a complete map.
At some point in time, the complete map showed the shape of Palace Software's logo for video game magazines.
At some point in time, enemy designs in Cauldron II were similar to those in the previous game.
At some point in time, enemy designs were based on the Halloween holiday.
At some point in time, Brown envisioned a graphical effect for the game's narration.
At some point in time, the graphical effect would show a book whose pages turned as the story is read.
At some point in time, technical limitations prohibited the implementation of the graphical effect.
At some point in time, Brown wanted the game's visuals to scroll seamlessly as the character moved through the game world.
At some point in time, flick-screening was more feasible than seamless scrolling for the game's visuals.
At some point in time, Brown created a Plasticine model of the witch character as a reference for a painting used for the game's box art.
At some point in time, the group tested the game prior to release.
At some point in time, the group deemed the game too challenging prior to release.
At some point in time, the group reduced the difficulty level so that more players could complete the game.
At some point in time, Palace Software developed Cauldron II for three home computers: Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64, and ZX Spectrum.
At some point in time, the game was first released for the Commodore 64.
At some point in time, the game was later released for the Amstrad CPC.
At some point in time, the game was later released for the ZX Spectrum.
At some point in time, Cauldron II was re-released on the ZX Spectrum in 1989 by Telecomsoft under its Silverbird budget label.
At some point in time, Cauldron II was re-released with the first game as a compilation title for Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum computers.
At some point in time, the game was well received by video game journalists upon its release.
At some point in time, ZX Spectrum magazines Crash and ZX Computing awarded Cauldron II their top accolades.
At some point in time, Crash awarded Cauldron II the accolade "Crash Smash."
At some point in time, ZX Computing awarded Cauldron II the accolade "Monster Hit."
At some point in time, praise from the video game press focused on the graphical quality of Cauldron II.
At some point in time, criticism directed at the gameplay of Cauldron II was mixed.
At some point in time, Computer and Video Games reviewer Paul Boughton praised the size of the game world.
At some point in time, Paul Boughton criticized the audio quality of the Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum versions.
At some point in time, Paul Boughton cited the limited capabilities of the Amstrad CPC and ZX Spectrum versions.
At some point in time, Paul Boughton felt any version of Cauldron II would be worth purchasing.
At some point in time, Phil South of Your Sinclair praised the game's presentation and design.
At some point in time, Phil South called the graphics of Cauldron II "lovely."
At some point in time, Phil South called the platform gameplay of Cauldron II "original."
At some point in time, ZX Computing's reviewer praised the audio-visuals of Cauldron II.
At some point in time, ZX Computing's reviewer recommended Cauldron II for fans of the previous game.
At some point in time, a Crash magazine reviewer lauded the audio-visuals of the ZX Spectrum version of Cauldron II.
At some point in time, a Crash magazine reviewer commented that the gameplay of Cauldron II offered more than its predecessor's.
At some point in time, a Crash magazine reviewer described Cauldron II as difficult.
At some point in time, a Crash magazine reviewer felt that the sense of accomplishment gained from successful completion outweighed the negative aspect.
At some point in time, Computer Gamer's reviewer criticized the bouncing gameplay of Cauldron II.
At some point in time, Computer Gamer's reviewer cited unpredictable reactions and difficulty in navigating around tough enemies.
At some point in time, Rich Pelley and Jon Pillar of Your Sinclair echoed similar comments about the gameplay.
At some point in time, Retro Gamer writer Craig Grannell described the game's difficulty as the "only real criticism."
At some point in time, the ZX Computing reviewer criticized the bouncing aspect of Cauldron II.
At some point in time, the ZX Computing reviewer praised the overall game design of Cauldron II as enjoyable.
At some point in time, Phil King, another Crash reviewer, praised the Silverbird re-release of Cauldron II.
At some point in time, Phil King called the graphics of Cauldron II "colorful."
At some point in time, Phil King called the graphics of Cauldron II "well-animated."
At some point in time, Phil King felt that Cauldron II was of good value despite an excessive difficulty.
At some point in time, the commercial success of the two Cauldron games prompted Palace to give Steve Brown more creative freedom for his following project.
At some point in time, Steve Brown's following project is Barbarian: The Ultimate Warrior.