At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " is a song by American singer and songwriter Gwen Stefani.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " is from Gwen Stefani's third studio album, This Is What the Truth Feels Like.
At some point in time, This Is What the Truth Feels Like was released in 2016.
At some point in time, the song features guest vocals from American rapper Fetty Wap.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " was released on March 18, 2016.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " is the ninth track on This Is What the Truth Feels Like.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " was released by Interscope Records.
At some point in time, the track was written by Gwen Stefani, Justin Tranter, Julia Michaels, Tor Hermansen, Mikkel Eriksen, and Fetty Wap.
At some point in time, the track's production was handled by Stargate.
At some point in time, Tim Blacksmith and Danny D made additional production for the track.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " is a hip hop and trap influenced track.
At some point in time, Fetty Wap's rap verse is a clear indication of the hip hop and trap influence in " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, the song discusses someone’s doubts while in a relationship.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani presumably refers to her recent divorce from husband Gavin Rossdale in " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " received mixed reviews from music critics upon release.
At some point in time, some critics labeled " Asking 4 It " as " trippy ".
At some point in time, some critics labeled " Asking 4 It " as a " club stomper ".
At some point in time, some critics called " Asking 4 It " " dated ".
At some point in time, some critics questioned the " awkward " placement of " Asking 4 It " on the album.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani scrapped any material worked on for her then upcoming third studio album after the lukewarm response to singles " Baby Don't Lie " and " Spark the Fire ".
At some point in time, Interscope Records approached Gwen Stefani to consider working with new songwriters and producers.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani agreed to consider working with new songwriters and producers.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani became interested in working with new collaborators during her recording sessions with Julia Michaels and Justin Tranter.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani felt that Fetty Wap had " a voice with so much character ".
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani told her team that she wanted to collaborate with Fetty Wap.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani was surprised the collaboration with Fetty Wap even happened due to scheduling conflicts.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani experienced difficulty getting Fetty Wap into the studio.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani had studio dates arranged for her collaboration with Fetty Wap.
At some point in time, Fetty Wap did not show up on Day One of the studio sessions.
At some point in time, Fetty Wap did not show up on Day Two of the studio sessions.
At some point in time, Fetty Wap did not show up on Day Three of the studio sessions.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani wrote a song for her collaboration with Fetty Wap while in the studio.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani sent the song she wrote to Fetty Wap.
At some point in time, Fetty Wap did not respond to the song Gwen Stefani sent him.
At some point in time, it was a miracle that the collaboration with Fetty Wap happened.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " was produced by Stargate.
At some point in time, Tim Blacksmith and Danny D handled additional production for " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, Mark " Spike " Stent mixed " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, Mike Anderson and Miles Walker handled recording and tracking for " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, Fetty Wap is the only featured artist on the album.
At some point in time, This Is What the Truth Feels Like became available for pre-order on iTunes Store on February 12, 2016.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " became available for purchase on March 18, 2016.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " has a length of three minutes and thirty seconds.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " has been described as a hip hop and trap song.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " is backed by a rapped verse by Fetty Wap.
At some point in time, a writer for Hitsync described " Asking 4 It " as a " bopping, hip hop tinged beat flecked with dancey synths ".
At some point in time, Chris Mench of Complex described the inclusion of Fetty Wap as Gwen Stefani " call [ ing ] upon one modern - day hit maker ".
At some point in time, Clara Hudson of The Daily Free Press called the inclusion of Fetty Wap " gimmicky ".
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " discusses several topics, including a lover's doubts while in a relationship.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani sings " You 're giving me truth and it 's such an unfamiliar subject " in " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, ET Online described Gwen Stefani's lyrics as " a sultry take on the uncertainty of a new romance ".
At some point in time, the song was inspired by Gwen Stefani's divorce from Bush lead singer Gavin Rossdale.
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani wrote several songs during her recording sessions to start " a new chapter in her life ".
At some point in time, Gwen Stefani stated that the majority of her recent studio work would discuss her breakup with Gavin Rossdale.
At some point in time, Billboard stated that the lyrics " Are you sure you wanna love me ? / I know that it 's a lot to handle me / But it is what it is / It 's all part of my broken history " were " ultra personal ".
At some point in time, Glenn Gamboa of Newsday stated that " ' Asking 4 It ' strikes at the heart of pop radio ".
At some point in time, Jillian Mapes of Pitchfork Media described " Asking 4 It " as " the album 's sole feature atop an unconvincing beat ".
At some point in time, Nicholaus James Jodlowski of Reporter felt that the album's " sound cools down a little ".
At some point in time, Nicholaus James Jodlowski of Reporter felt that " Asking 4 It " is still easy to dance to.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " received generally mixed reviews from contemporary music critics upon release.
At some point in time, Leonie Cooper of NME praised Gwen Stefani for her " nonchalant divorcée swagger " on " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, Leonie Cooper of NME called " Asking 4 It " a standout track on the album.
At some point in time, Mesfin Fekadu of The Washington Post called " Asking 4 It " a " high point ".
At some point in time, Mikael Wood of the Los Angeles Times favored " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, Mikael Wood of the Los Angeles Times labeled " Asking 4 It " as " trippy ".
At some point in time, Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly dubbed " Asking 4 It " as a " come - on disguised as [ a ] caution ".
At some point in time, Leah Greenblatt praised " Asking 4 It " for being a " stomper ".
At some point in time, Sal Cinquemani of Slant called " Asking 4 It " " dated ".
At some point in time, Sal Cinquemani of Slant called " Asking 4 It " " no more worthy of Gwen Stefani 's emotional exorcism than 2014 's stale ' Spark the Fire '.
At some point in time, Emily Blake of Mashable thought that " Asking 4 It " was " an out - of - place hip - hop track ".
At some point in time, Jordan Miller of BreatheHeavy felt that " Asking 4 It " was " vulnerable ".
At some point in time, Jordan Miller of BreatheHeavy unfavorably predicted that " Asking 4 It " will " probably become a single " in the future.
At some point in time, Daniel Bromfield of Pretty Much Amazing panned " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, Daniel Bromfield of Pretty Much Amazing enjoyed Fetty Wap's contribution to " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, Daniel Bromfield of Pretty Much Amazing thought " it 's tragic how completely [ Fetty Wap ] upstages Gwen Stefani ".
At some point in time, Daniel Bromfield of Pretty Much Amazing thought Fetty Wap showed emotion during his verse while Gwen Stefani did not.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " was recorded at Westlake Recording Studios in Los Angeles.
At some point in time, " Asking 4 It " was recorded at The Hide Out Studios in London.
At some point in time, Songs of Break Out My Cocoon LLC ( ASCAP ) manages " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, Emi April Music Inc. ( ASCAP ) manages " Asking 4 It ".
At some point in time, Songs of Warner - Tamerlane Publishing Corp. manages " Asking 4 It " on behalf of itself and Justin 's School For Girls ( BMI ).
At some point in time, Fetty Wap appears courtesy of 300 Records.
At some point in time, credits for " Asking 4 It " are adapted from the liner notes of This Is What the Truth Feels Like.