At some point in time, "Rumors" is a song by American actress and singer-songwriter Lindsay Lohan.
At some point in time, "Rumors" is taken from Lindsay Lohan's debut studio album, Speak (2004).
At some point in time, "Rumors" was originally titled "Just What It Is".
At some point in time, the song "Rumors" was written by Lindsay Lohan, Cory Rooney, Taryll Jackson, and TJ Jackson.
At some point in time, Cory Rooney produced the song "Rumors".
At some point in time, Peter Wade Keusch assisted in the production of "Rumors".
At some point in time, Peter Wade Keusch was responsible for Lohan's vocal recording.
At some point in time, Lohan's vocal recording occurred at the Poolhouse West and The Village Recorder in Los Angeles, California.
At some point in time, audio mixing for "Rumors" was done by Peter Wade Keusch at Sony Music Studios in New York, New York.
At some point in time, Christopher J. Warner provided the guitar present in the song's composition.
At some point in time, "Rumors" was released as a single on September 21, 2004.
At some point in time, "Rumors" was released through Casablanca Records.
At some point in time, "Rumors" is in the style of contemporary R&B.
At some point in time, the lyrics of "Rumors" were written as a response to the paparazzi and media's backlash.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "I'm tired of rumors starting".
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "I'm sick of being followed".
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "I'm tired of people lying".
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "Saying what they want about me".
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "Why can't they back off me?"
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "Why can't they let me live?"
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "I'm going to do it my way".
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan sings in the chorus of "Rumors", "Take this for just what it is".
At some point in time, Spence D. of IGN noted that Lindsay Lohan's vocals are "driven by snarls, breathy croons, and emotionally restrained angst".
At some point in time, John Murphy of musicOMH considered "Rumors" a "feisty dance anthem with intelligent lyrics attacking the paparazzi and press in general".
At some point in time, "Rumors" received generally mixed reviews from music critics.
At some point in time, "Rumors" has become one of Lindsay Lohan's most recognized songs.
At some point in time, "Rumors" has been labeled as a "cult pop treasure".
At some point in time, Charles Merwin of Stylus Magazine thought that "Rumors" was not a good choice for a single.
At some point in time, Charles Merwin stated that "Rumors" might be the worst choice of subject matter for Lindsay Lohan.
At some point in time, Erik Missio of ChartAttack thought that "Rumors" presented potential for a semi-palatable debut effort.
At some point in time, Erik Missio described "Rumors" as a "crap of a spectacularly unspectacular level".
At some point in time, Nicholas Fonseca of Entertainment Weekly considered "Rumors" a guilty pleasure.
At some point in time, Stephen Thomas Erlewine of Allmusic selected "Rumors" as a Track Pick in the review of Speak.
At some point in time, Spence D. described "Rumors" as "pervasively infectious".
At some point in time, John Murphy praised "Rumors" as a departure from Speak's soft rock genre.
At some point in time, "Rumors" achieved moderate commercial success worldwide.
At some point in time, in the United States, "Rumors" peaked at number six on Billboard's Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles.
At some point in time, "Rumors" reached number 23 on the Pop Songs component chart in the United States.
At some point in time, "Rumors" was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in February 2005.
At some point in time, "Rumors" was certified Gold for shipping over 500,000 copies of the single.
At some point in time, in Australia, "Rumors" debuted at number 19 on the ARIA charts.
At some point in time, "Rumors" peaked at number 10 in Australia six weeks after debuting.
At some point in time, "Rumors" was certified Gold by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA).
At some point in time, "Rumors" attained top thirty positions in Austria and Switzerland.
At some point in time, "Rumors" reached the top forty in the Netherlands and Sweden.
At some point in time, in Germany, "Rumors" debuted and peaked at number 14.
At some point in time, Casablanca Records commissioned a music video for "Rumors".
At some point in time, Jake Nava directed the music video for "Rumors".
At some point in time, Jake Nava previously worked with Britney Spears on her music video for "My Prerogative" (2004).
At some point in time, the music video for "Rumors" premiered on October 14, 2004.
At some point in time, the music video for "Rumors" premiered on October 20, 2004 through Disney Channel and MTV.
At some point in time, in the beginning of the music video, Lindsay Lohan is followed by paparazzi as she is entering her car.
At some point in time, the music video reveals that the person followed by paparazzi is a Lindsay look-alike.
At some point in time, the real Lindsay Lohan is entering another car to go to a club in the music video.
At some point in time, the car in the music video comes to a stop.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan steps into an elevator and sings the first verse of "Rumors" in the music video.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan is filmed by a CCTV camera in the elevator in the music video.
At some point in time, the next sequence in the music video shows Lindsay Lohan running through a hallway, dressed up.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan gets into the club in the music video.
At some point in time, in the club, Lindsay Lohan dances in the crowd.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan takes a picture of one of the paparazzi herself in the club.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan walks slowly through the club in the music video.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan finds the man who seems to be her boyfriend in the club.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan takes a seat next to her lover in the club.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan and her lover begin kissing and touching each other in the club.
At some point in time, cameras in the club constantly film Lindsay Lohan and her lover.
At some point in time, while Lindsay Lohan sings the second chorus, she is trapped in a cage in the middle of the club.
At some point in time, the whole crowd watches Lindsay Lohan while she is trapped in a cage in the club.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan is shown dancing in the club with her friends at the end of the music video.
At some point in time, at the end of the music video, Lindsay Lohan and her friends enter the top of a high-rise.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan and her friends perform a dance routine while helicopters are circling around them in the music video.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan gets into a helicopter and escapes at the end of the music video.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan throws her camera away with all the pictures taken of her at the end of the music video.
At some point in time, the music video for "Rumors" received very positive reviews from critics and viewers.
At some point in time, the music video for "Rumors" reached the top position on the countdown of Total Request Live in the week of October 27, 2004.
At some point in time, the music video for "Rumors" was nominated for Best Pop Video during the 2005 MTV Video Music Awards.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan performed "Rumors" on Good Morning America in December 2004.
At some point in time, according to an MTV News staff report, Lindsay Lohan missed the cue to mouth along during her performance.
At some point in time, cameras cut away when Lindsay Lohan's mouth remained closed during her performance.
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan was heard singing during her performance thanks to a backing track.
At some point in time, a representative for Lindsay Lohan revealed that Lindsay Lohan actually sang live during her performance.
At some point in time, the representative noted that Lindsay Lohan only used a background track to help make the song sound like it does on her album.
At some point in time, "Rumors" was recorded at Poolhouse West and The Village Recorder in Los Angeles, California.
At some point in time, "Rumors" was mixed at Sony Music Studios in New York, New York.
At some point in time, Cory Rooney, Lindsay Lohan, Taryll Jackson, and Tito Jackson are credited for songwriting "Rumors".
At some point in time, Cory Rooney and Peter Wade Keusch are credited for producing "Rumors".
At some point in time, Peter Wade Keusch and Chris Avedon are credited for recording "Rumors".
At some point in time, Electric Pete is credited for mixing "Rumors".
At some point in time, Cory Rooney is credited for providing keyboards in "Rumors".
At some point in time, Christopher J. Warner is credited for providing guitar in "Rumors".
At some point in time, Lindsay Lohan and Cory Rooney are credited for providing background vocals in "Rumors".
At some point in time, credits for "Rumors" are taken from Speak liner notes.