At some point in time, Zennor Head is a 750-metre (2,460 ft) long promontory on the Cornish coast of England.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is located between Pendour Cove and Porthzennor Cove.
At some point in time, Zennor Head faces the Atlantic Ocean.
At some point in time, Zennor Head lies 1 kilometre north-west of the village of Zennor.
At some point in time, Zennor Head lies 1.6 kilometres east of Gurnard's Head.
At some point in time, the granite cliffs at Zennor Head rise over 200 feet (60 m) from the sea.
At some point in time, the highest point of Zennor Head is 314 feet (96 m) above sea level.
At some point in time, Zennor Head has an Ordnance Survey triangulation station.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is on the South West Coast Path.
At some point in time, the South West Coast Path follows the cliff edge closely.
At some point in time, the South West Coast Path skirting the entire perimeter of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is part of the Penwith Heritage Coast.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is the largest coastal feature in the United Kingdom that begins with the letter "Z".
At some point in time, Zennor Head gets its name from a local saint named Senara.
At some point in time, Zennor Head was mined for copper and tin in the Victorian Era.
There is no longer any residential occupancy on Zennor Head.
There is no longer any commercial occupancy on Zennor Head.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is occupied by a variety of coastal animals and plants.
At some point in time, kestrels are one of the coastal animals found on Zennor Head.
At some point in time, gorse is one of the coastal plants found on Zennor Head.
At some point in time, the name "Zennor Head" originates from the name of a local saint named Senara.
At some point in time, according to local legend, Senara was thrown off a headland in Brittany in a barrel.
At some point in time, Senara was falsely accused of adultery by her husband.
At some point in time, Senara washed up on the Cornish coast.
At some point in time, Senara founded the village of Zennor.
At some point in time, Senara gave her name to the village of Zennor.
At some point in time, Senara gave her name to Zennor Head.
At some point in time, Senara gave her name to Zennor Quoit.
At some point in time, Senara gave her name to Porthzennor Cove.
At some point in time, Senara continued to Ireland after founding Zennor.
At some point in time, the "s" in "Senara" changed to a "z".
At some point in time, the occurrence of the "s" changing to a "z" is common in the West Country.
At some point in time, the occurrence of the "s" changing to a "z" is rare elsewhere.
At some point in time, the farming system around Zennor Head dates from about 4000 BC.
At some point in time, the time of the Bronze Age in Cornwall is around 4000 BC.
At some point in time, the surrounding area and village of Zennor have been continually occupied for over 4,000 years.
At some point in time, Zennor Head was mined extensively for copper and tin in the 19th century.
At some point in time, drainage adits remain visible on the eastern side of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, the promontory was donated to the National Trust in December 1953.
At some point in time, the Southwest Coast Path was created in 1978.
At some point in time, the Southwest Coast Path runs along the top of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, the Southwest Coast Path is part of a 630-mile (1,010 km) path.
At some point in time, the Southwest Coast Path follows the edge of the cliffs closely.
At some point in time, Zennor in Darkness is a 1994 McKitterick Prize-winning novel by Helen Dunmore.
At some point in time, Zennor in Darkness was partly set around Zennor Head.
In 2009, Zennor Head suffered flooding.
At some point in time, the flooding in 2009 affected the cliff-top footpath.
At some point in time, Zennor Head has been designated as part of the Penwith Heritage Coast.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is located on the north coast of Cornwall, England.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is a headland extending some 750 metres (2,460 ft).
At some point in time, Zennor Head is surrounded by steep cliffs plunging into the sea below.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is west of the town of St Ives.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is north-east of the town of Penzance.
At some point in time, the nearest human settlement to Zennor Head is the village of Zennor.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is flanked by two coves, Pendour and Porthzennor.
At some point in time, the nearest headland to Zennor Head is Gurnard's Head.
At some point in time, Gurnard's Head is 1.6 kilometres to the west of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, access to Zennor Head is from the South West Coast Path.
At some point in time, access to Zennor Head is from the B3306 road.
At some point in time, there is a deep inlet known as Horseback Zawn on the western side of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, seabirds nest in Horseback Zawn.
At some point in time, the headland is topped by an Ordnance Survey "Trig Point".
At some point in time, the Killas strata is exposed over the majority of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, the Killas strata is a sedimentary rock formation.
At some point in time, the Killas strata was laid down in the Devonian period.
At some point in time, the Devonian period was between approximately 415 and 375 million years ago.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is on the surface boundary of the "Land's End Granite".
At some point in time, the "Land's End Granite" is part of the Cornubian batholith.
At some point in time, the Cornubian batholith dates from 279 to 274 million years ago.
At some point in time, the intrusion of granite into the Killas strata altered it metamorphically into a shale-type rock.
At some point in time, Zennor Head is home to a variety of wildlife.
At some point in time, Cornish choughs (Pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax pyrrhocorax) have been re-introduced to Zennor Head.
At some point in time, grey seals (Halichoerus grypus) have been sighted off the coast of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, many seabirds nest on the cliffs of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, herring gulls (Larus argentatus) nest on the cliffs of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, fulmars (Fulmarus glacialis) nest on the cliffs of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, kestrels (Falco tinnunculus) hunt inland of the shoreline at Zennor Head.
At some point in time, the headland is primarily covered with grass.
At some point in time, the headland is primarily covered with heather (Calluna vulgaris).
At some point in time, the headland is primarily covered with bracken (Pteridium aquilinum).
At some point in time, the headland is primarily covered with thyme (Thymus mongolicus).
At some point in time, the headland is primarily covered with western gorse (Ulex gallii).
At some point in time, in 1962, specimens of the comparatively rare western clover (Trifolium occidentale) were found on Zennor Head.
At some point in time, the lichen Dirina massiliensis has been found high on the acid schist cliffs on the north-seaward side of Zennor Head.
At some point in time, the parasitic plant dodder (Cuscuta x.) is found amongst the other plants on Zennor Head.
At some point in time, typical coastal flowering plants such as kidney vetch (Anthyllis vulneraria) are found on Zennor Head.
At some point in time, typical coastal flowering plants such as sea campion (Silene uniflora) are found on Zennor Head.
At some point in time, typical coastal flowering plants such as thrift (Armeria maritima) are found on Zennor Head.