At some point in time, the Brittens are a family of fictional characters.
At some point in time, the Brittens are featured in the American television police procedural fantasy drama Awake.
At some point in time, the Brittens are a nuclear family.
At some point in time, the Brittens consist of the married couple Michael Britten and Hannah Britten.
At some point in time, the Brittens have one child, son Rex Britten.
At some point in time, the Brittens were involved in a car crash.
At some point in time, the car crash caused Michael Britten to live in two separate realities.
At some point in time, in one reality, Michael Britten's wife Hannah Britten was killed in the crash.
At some point in time, in the other reality, Michael Britten's son Rex Britten was killed.
At some point in time, the main characters reside in Los Angeles, California, in the United States.
At some point in time, the Brittens were created by series executive producer and writer Kyle Killen.
At some point in time, Kyle Killen conceived the idea for the Brittens after creating and developing Lone Star for the Fox network.
At some point in time, NBC encouraged Kyle Killen to conceive a concept for a future television series after Lone Star's cancellation.
At some point in time, Kyle Killen sent a rough draft of the script to his agent Marc Korman within a few weeks.
At some point in time, Marc Korman recalled that he was freaked out by the script.
At some point in time, Marc Korman went upstairs to the guest bedroom where his wife was sick with the flu.
At some point in time, Marc Korman got into bed with his wife.
At some point in time, Marc Korman called Jen and said that the script was remarkable.
At some point in time, Marc Korman stated that he had never read a pilot like the script.
At some point in time, Marc Korman noted that Kyle Killen was making two cases work despite never having written a procedural show before.
At some point in time, Salke and Korman initially looked to sell acquisition rights to Fox.
At some point in time, the Britten family debuted on March 1, 2012, in "Pilot" on the American police procedural drama television series Awake.
At some point in time, the Britten family last appeared on television on May 24, 2012, in "Turtles All the Way Down."
At some point in time, in February 2011, Jason Isaacs obtained the role of Michael Britten.
At some point in time, Gordon summated the premise of Michael Britten's character.
At some point in time, Michael Britten goes to sleep and wakes up with his wife.
At some point in time, Michael Britten goes to sleep and wakes up with his son.
At some point in time, Michael Britten is a cop who sees clues and details that crossover from one world to the next.
At some point in time, Michael Britten uses insights from the crossover to solve crimes.
At some point in time, Kyle Killen thought that the premise behind the series would be relatable to audiences.
At some point in time, Kyle Killen believed that the premise would make it easier to broaden his fanbase.
At some point in time, Kyle Killen articulated that aspects of Lone Star were more difficult to get a wider audience interested in.
At some point in time, Kyle Killen stated that the main character was someone that audiences could not decide if they liked or hated.
At some point in time, Kyle Killen believed that Britten's dilemma is something that audiences are sympathetic for.
At some point in time, Kyle Killen believed that audiences want Michael Britten to win.
At some point in time, in March 2011, Laura Allen was approached by producers to play Hannah Britten.
At some point in time, Michaela McManus initially received the role of Hannah Britten.
At some point in time, Michaela McManus was later given the role of Tara.
At some point in time, Dylan Minnette was cast as Rex Britten in March 2011.
At some point in time, Dylan Minnette commended the episode's script.
At some point in time, Dylan Minnette noted that the auditioning sequence was fast.
At some point in time, Dylan Minnette stated that the process of getting the job went by really fast.
At some point in time, Dylan Minnette had his first audition with Kyle Killen, Jason Isaacs, the cast director, and the director David Slade in the room.
At some point in time, Dylan Minnette received the role two weeks after his audition.
At some point in time, Michael Britten is portrayed by Jason Isaacs.
At some point in time, Michael Britten is the father of the Britten family.
At some point in time, Michael Britten is married to Hannah Britten.
At some point in time, Michael Britten has to live in two separate realities after a car crash.
At some point in time, in one reality, Michael Britten works with a new rookie partner Efrem Vega.
At some point in time, in the other reality, Michael Britten is still partnered with Isaiah Freeman, whom he calls Bird.
At some point in time, Michael Britten sees two separate therapists.
At some point in time, Michael Britten sees Dr. John Lee in one reality.
At some point in time, Michael Britten sees Dr. Judith Evans in the other reality.
At some point in time, Michael Britten wears a green wristband in one reality where Rex Britten is alive.
At some point in time, Michael Britten wears a red wristband in the other reality where Hannah Britten is alive.
At some point in time, Michael Britten is seen very emotional in "Say Hello to My Little Friend."
At some point in time, Michael Britten is emotional because he does not see his son Rex Britten.
At some point in time, Michael Britten has a routine to help him maintain the illusions of control due to his two realities.
At some point in time, Hannah Britten is portrayed by Laura Allen.
At some point in time, Hannah Britten is the well-meaning and emotional wife of Michael Britten.
At some point in time, Hannah Britten is the mother of her son Rex Britten.
At some point in time, Hannah Britten is alive in Michael Britten's "red reality."
At some point in time, Hannah Britten began to renovate their home after the car crash.
At some point in time, Hannah Britten felt great pain and grievance over the death of Rex Britten.
At some point in time, Hannah Britten was saddened by the thought of Rex Britten's empty room upstairs.
At some point in time, Rex Britten is portrayed by Dylan Minnette.
At some point in time, Rex Britten is Michael Britten's son.
At some point in time, Rex Britten is featured in Michael Britten's "green reality."
At some point in time, green is Rex Britten's favorite color.
At some point in time, Rex Britten is a teenage school student.
At some point in time, Rex Britten claims he is going to the beach outside of school.
At some point in time, Rex Britten is actually going to his best friend Cole's house to work on a motorbike with him.
At some point in time, Rex Britten is very emotional.
At some point in time, Rex Britten often gets angry due to Hannah Britten's death in the crash.
At some point in time, Rex Britten kept a tennis racket to help him deal with Hannah Britten's death.
At some point in time, Cole accidentally broke Rex Britten's tennis racket.
At some point in time, Rex Britten fights with Cole because of the broken tennis racket.
At some point in time, Rex Britten later apologizes to Cole.
At some point in time, Rex Britten hates "cereal and soda night."
At some point in time, Rex Britten hates "cereal and soda night" because Michael Britten does not cook "actual food" for dinner.
At some point in time, Rex Britten has an aunt named Carol.
At some point in time, Rex Britten's aunt Carol is mentioned in "Two Birds."
At some point in time, Rex Britten's aunt Carol wants to spend more time with him since the crash.
At some point in time, the portrayal of the Britten family was praised by television critics.
At some point in time, Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly praised Jason Isaacs' acting in the series.
At some point in time, Ken Tucker stated that it helps enormously to have Jason Isaacs playing the lead.
At some point in time, Ken Tucker noted that Jason Isaacs knows how to convey a gravity that contrasts well with the series' airy concept.
At some point in time, Ken Tucker stated that Jason Isaacs avoids becoming heavy and morose.
At some point in time, Kelly West summated that the cast could not be better on this series.
At some point in time, Kelly West claimed that Jason Isaacs delivered a stellar performance as the intelligent detective.
At some point in time, Kelly West claimed that Jason Isaacs delivered a stellar performance as the loving father and husband.
At some point in time, Kelly West stated that Jason Isaacs is just trying to make sense of what is going on.
At some point in time, Kelly West stated that Jason Isaacs is probably not entirely regretful to be experiencing a split reality.
At some point in time, Kelly West claimed that Laura Allen and Dylan Minnette delivered strong performances as Michael Britten's wife and son respectively.
At some point in time, critics IGN, TV Fanatic, and Paste magazine argued that Jason Isaacs' performance deserves an Emmy.