"Ways and Means" is the 47th episode of The West Wing.
"Ways and Means" is the 3rd episode of the third season of The West Wing.
At some point in time, "Ways and Means" originally aired on NBC on October 24, 2001.
At some point in time, the episode sees the beginnings of President Josiah Bartlet's Congressional hearings.
At some point in time, the episode includes negotiations over the estate tax.
At some point in time, Aaron Sorkin, Eli Attie, and Gene Sperling wrote the episode.
At some point in time, Alex Graves directed the episode.
At some point in time, Mark Feuerstein makes his first appearance as Clifford "Cliff" Calley in the episode.
At some point in time, Thom Barry makes a guest appearance in the episode.
At some point in time, Nicholas Pryor makes a guest appearance in the episode.
At some point in time, Miguel Sandoval makes a guest appearance in the episode.
At some point in time, the subpoenas are handed out in the hearing over President Bartlet's concealment of his multiple sclerosis.
At some point in time, Clement Rollins appears to be both fair and responsible.
At some point in time, C.J. Cregg believes the White House will be better served in the public eye if investigated by a partisan agent.
At some point in time, C.J. Cregg decides to present Clement Rollins as an ally of the administration.
At some point in time, C.J. Cregg's decision forces Congress to take control over the investigation.
At some point in time, Donna Moss unwittingly becomes entangled in potential problems over the hearings.
At some point in time, Ainsley Hayes sets Donna Moss up on a date with Clifford Calley.
At some point in time, the date between Donna Moss and Clifford Calley seems to go well.
At some point in time, Clifford Calley leaves Donna Moss abruptly in the middle of the street.
At some point in time, Donna Moss later realizes that Clifford Calley's congressional committee is in charge of the investigation.
At some point in time, a relationship between Donna Moss and Clifford Calley could constitute a conflict of interest.
At some point in time, Sam Seaborn and Bruno Gianelli are concerned about the loyalty of a powerful California union official.
At some point in time, Toby Ziegler and Josh Lyman are preparing for a meeting with the congressional opposition.
At some point in time, Toby Ziegler and Josh Lyman are preparing to re-negotiate the estate tax.
At some point in time, the Republicans have labeled the estate tax as the "death tax."
At some point in time, Toby Ziegler and Josh Lyman are surprised by a last-minute cancellation of their meeting.
At some point in time, the Republicans are planning to repeal the estate tax altogether.
At some point in time, the Republicans might have the votes to repeal the estate tax.
At some point in time, an attempt to win over the black caucus fails.
At some point in time, the black caucus is led by Congressman Mark Richardson.
At some point in time, Doug Wegland suggests that President Bartlet respond by vetoing the bill.
At some point in time, President Bartlet is confronted with a forest fire in Wyoming.
At some point in time, President Bartlet decides to let the forest fire burn.
At some point in time, President Bartlet is struggling to deal with the death of his personal secretary, Mrs. Landingham.
At some point in time, Charlie Young insists that it is necessary to appoint a new person to fill the position of personal secretary.
At some point in time, President Bartlet is reluctant to appoint a new personal secretary.
At some point in time, as the episode ends, President Bartlet is searching for a good pen.
At some point in time, President Bartlet realizes the full depth of his dependence on Mrs. Landingham.
At some point in time, according to Aaron Sorkin, the episode benefited greatly from input by two former White House employees.
At some point in time, Eli Attie, Al Gore's chief speechwriter, came up with the idea for the scene where Donna stays up all night sorting through documents.
At some point in time, Gene Sperling, Bill Clinton's chief economic adviser, came up with the sub-plot involving the estate tax.
At some point in time, Aaron Sorkin had certain misgivings about the appeal of the estate tax story.
At some point in time, Aaron Sorkin considered the bipartisan spirit of the time in the aftermath of the 9/11 attacks.
At some point in time, in one scene, Sam Seaborn speaks to a Latino labor leader.
At some point in time, Sam Seaborn switches into Spanish during the discussion with the Latino labor leader.
At some point in time, Victor Campos claims that he has been used for public relations purposes.
At some point in time, Sam Seaborn denies Victor Campos's claim.
At some point in time, Rob Lowe had to learn to speak Spanish convincingly for this episode.
At some point in time, Aaron Sorkin commented that he tends to torture Rob Lowe a little.
At some point in time, C.J. Cregg says that special prosecutor Clement Rollins was the editor of the Yale Law Review.
There is no such thing as the Yale Law Review.
At some point in time, the journal of legal scholarship affiliated with the Yale Law School is called the Yale Law Journal.