At some point in time, Amiral Charner was an armored cruiser built for the French Navy in the 1890s. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was the name ship of her class. At some point in time, Amiral Charner spent most of her career in the Mediterranean. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was sent to China during the Boxer Rebellion of 1900 to 1901. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was assigned to the International Squadron off the island of Crete during the Greco-Turkish War of 1897. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was assigned to protect French interests and citizens. At some point in time, Amiral Charner spent most of the first decade of the 20th century as a training ship. At some point in time, Amiral Charner spent most of the first decade of the 20th century in reserve. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was recommissioned when World War I began in 1914. At some point in time, Amiral Charner escorted convoys for several months. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was assigned to the Eastern Mediterranean to blockade the Ottoman-controlled coast. At some point in time, Amiral Charner helped to rescue several thousand Armenians from Syria during the Armenian Genocide of 1915. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was sunk in early 1916 by a German submarine. At some point in time, Amiral Charner had only a single survivor rescued. At some point in time, the Amiral Charner-class ships were designed to be smaller than the preceding armored cruiser design. At some point in time, the Amiral Charner-class ships were designed to be cheaper than the preceding armored cruiser design. At some point in time, the Amiral Charner-class ships were intended to fill the commerce-raiding strategy of the Jeune École. At some point in time, the Amiral Charner measured 106.12 meters between perpendiculars. At some point in time, the Amiral Charner had a beam of 14.04 meters. At some point in time, Amiral Charner had a forward draft of 5.55 meters. At some point in time, Amiral Charner drew 6.06 meters aft. At some point in time, Amiral Charner displaced 4,748 metric tons at normal load. At some point in time, Amiral Charner displaced 4,990 metric tons at deep load. At some point in time, the Amiral Charner class had two triple-expansion steam engines. At some point in time, each steam engine drove a single propeller shaft. At some point in time, steam for the engines was provided by 16 Belleville boilers. At some point in time, the engines were rated at a total of 8,300 metric horsepower using forced draught. At some point in time, Amiral Charner had a designed speed of 19 knots. At some point in time, during sea trials on 18 July 1895, the engines produced 8,956 metric horsepower. At some point in time, the engines only gave a maximum speed of 18.4 knots. At some point in time, Amiral Charner carried up to 535 metric tons of coal. At some point in time, Amiral Charner could steam for 4,000 nautical miles at a speed of 10 knots. At some point in time, the ships of the Amiral Charner class had a main armament that consisted of two Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1887 guns. At some point in time, the two Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1887 guns were mounted in single gun turrets. At some point in time, one Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1887 gun was mounted fore of the superstructure. At some point in time, one Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1887 gun was mounted aft of the superstructure. At some point in time, the secondary armament comprised six Canon de 138.6 mm Modèle 1887 guns. At some point in time, each Canon de 138.6 mm Modèle 1887 gun was mounted in a single gun turret on each broadside. At some point in time, Amiral Charner carried four 65-millimeter guns for anti-torpedo boat defense. At some point in time, Amiral Charner carried four 47-millimeter guns for anti-torpedo boat defense. At some point in time, Amiral Charner carried eight 37-millimeter five-barreled revolving Hotchkiss guns for anti-torpedo boat defense. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was armed with four 450-millimeter pivoting torpedo tubes. At some point in time, two 450-millimeter pivoting torpedo tubes were mounted on each broadside above water. At some point in time, the side of the Amiral Charner class was generally protected by 92 millimeters of steel armor. At some point in time, the steel armor extended from 1.3 meters below the waterline to 2.5 meters above it. At some point in time, the bottom 20 centimeters of armor tapered in thickness. At some point in time, the armor at the ends of the ships thinned to 60 millimeters. At some point in time, the curved protective deck of mild steel had a thickness of 40 millimeters along its centerline. At some point in time, the thickness of the curved protective deck increased to 50 millimeters at its outer edges. At some point in time, a thin splinter deck protected the boiler rooms, engine rooms, and magazines below the protective deck. At some point in time, a watertight internal cofferdam filled with cellulose ran the length of the ship. At some point in time, the watertight internal cofferdam reached a height of 1.2 meters above the waterline. At some point in time, below the protective deck, the ship was divided by 13 watertight transverse bulkheads. At some point in time, five more watertight transverse bulkheads were above the protective deck. At some point in time, the conning tower and turrets of Amiral Charner were protected by 92 millimeters of armor. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was named after Admiral Léonard Charner. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was laid down at the Arsenal de Rochefort with the name of Charner on 15 June 1889. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was launched on 18 March 1893. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was renamed Amiral Charner on 25 March 1895. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was commissioned on 26 August 1895. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was initially assigned to the 2nd Light Division of the Mediterranean Squadron. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was briefly detached for service in the Eastern Mediterranean. At some point in time, Amiral Charner became the flagship of the Higher Naval War College on 6 January 1896. At some point in time, Amiral Charner commanded her sister ship Latouche-Tréville. At some point in time, Amiral Charner commanded the protected cruiser Suchet. At some point in time, the mission of the Higher Naval War College was to prepare officers for command at sea. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was reassigned back to the active fleet on 20 October 1896. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was sent to Crete on 10 February 1897. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was part of the French contingent of the International Squadron deployed in Crete during the Greco-Turkish War. At some point in time, Amiral Charner remained with the squadron until November 1898. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was reassigned to the Higher Naval War College on 1 January 1899. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was reassigned together with the protected cruisers Friant and Davout. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was detached to the Northern Squadron for the first half of the year. At some point in time, Amiral Charner returned to Toulon in late June 1899. At some point in time, Amiral Charner returned to Brest three months later. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was temporarily placed in reserve. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was ordered to Rochefort for repairs to her steam-piping in January 1900. At some point in time, Amiral Charner departed Brest on 26 June 1900. At some point in time, Amiral Charner arrived in Saigon, French Indochina, on 1 August 1900. At some point in time, Amiral Charner supported Allied forces during the later stages of the Boxer Rebellion in mid-1901. At some point in time, Amiral Charner returned to Toulon on 8 November 1901. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was assigned to the 3rd Armored Division on 24 January 1902. At some point in time, Amiral Charner simulated defending against a force breaking into the Mediterranean during the annual naval maneuvers in July to August 1902. At some point in time, Amiral Charner attacked the fortifications at Bizerte, French North Africa, during the annual naval maneuvers in July to August 1902. At some point in time, Amiral Charner blockaded hostile ports during the annual naval maneuvers in July to August 1902. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was placed in reserve in Toulon on 15 January 1903. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was later assigned to the gunnery school in Toulon until the middle of 1910. At some point in time, Amiral Charner became the guardship at Souda Bay, Crete, on 13 May 1910. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was relieved by her sister Bruix in July 1912. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was refitted before being placed in reserve at Bizerta, Tunisia. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was recommissioned when World War I began in August 1914. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was assigned to escort convoys between Morocco and France. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was assigned to escort convoys together with Latouche-Tréville and Bruix. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was assigned to the 3rd Division of the 3rd Squadron based at Port Said, Egypt, in November 1914. At some point in time, Amiral Charner bombarded Ottoman positions on the Syrian coast several times. At some point in time, Amiral Charner ran aground under enemy fire off Dedeagatch, Bulgaria, on 3 March 1915. At some point in time, Amiral Charner had to be pulled off by the small Italian cargo liner SS Bosnia. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was assigned to blockade the coast between Tripoli, Lebanon, and El Arish, Egypt, in late August 1915. At some point in time, Amiral Charner participated in the rescue of 3,000 Armenians north of the Orontes River Delta from pursuing Ottoman troops on 11 to 12 September 1915. At some point in time, Amiral Charner supported the occupation of the island of Kastelorizo on 28 December 1915. At some point in time, Amiral Charner was torpedoed by the German submarine U-21 on the morning of 8 February 1916. At some point in time, Amiral Charner sank in only two minutes. At some point in time, nearly the entire crew of Amiral Charner was lost. At some point in time, some 427 men were lost. At some point in time, only a single survivor was rescued five days later.