At some point in time, "God With Us" is a song written and performed by the Christian rock band MercyMe.
At some point in time, the song is lyrically a worship song.
At some point in time, the song was inspired by a question used by Bart Millard's pastor.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was released as the lead single from MercyMe's 2007 album "All That Is Within Me."
At some point in time, "God With Us" peaked at No. 1 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" peaked at No. 1 on the Hot Christian AC chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was ranked at No. 3 on the 2008 year-end Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was ranked at No. 4 on the 2008 year-end Hot Christian AC chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" ranked at No. 12 on the decade-end Hot Christian AC chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" ranked at No. 19 on the decade-end Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was the first song written for MercyMe's album "All That Is Within Me."
At some point in time, the band based the rest of the album around "God With Us."
At some point in time, the lyrics of "God With Us" were inspired by the question "Why does God look our way?"
At some point in time, Bart Millard could not get the idea of the question out of his head.
At some point in time, Bart Millard wanted to create a song around the idea of the question.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was designed for the church.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was designed to be used in worship.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was written and composed by MercyMe.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was produced by Brown Bannister.
At some point in time, the strings on "God With Us" were recorded by the London Session Orchestra.
At some point in time, "God With Us" is a worship song.
At some point in time, "God With Us" has a length of five minutes and fifty-two seconds.
At some point in time, "God With Us" is set in common time.
At some point in time, "God With Us" is in the key of A major.
At some point in time, "God With Us" has a moderate tempo of 92 beats per minute.
At some point in time, "God With Us" has a vocal range spanning from A3 to E5.
At some point in time, critical reception to "God With Us" was generally positive.
At some point in time, Mike Parker of Today's Christian Music commented that "God With Us" may be the best cut on the album.
At some point in time, Mike Parker opined that the band delivers more emotion than on any tune since "I Can Only Imagine."
At some point in time, Kevin McNeese of New Release Tuesday called "God With Us" a worship-filled moment.
At some point in time, Jay Heilman of Christian Music Review opined that "God With Us" is a reminder of how compassionate and loving the Lord is of us.
At some point in time, "God With Us" debuted at No. 17 on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" advanced to No. 13 in its second week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" advanced to No. 8 in its third week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" advanced to No. 4 in its fifth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" held the No. 4 spot for an additional two weeks on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" advanced to No. 1 in its ninth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" held the No. 1 spot for three weeks before being supplanted by "East to West" by Casting Crowns.
At some point in time, "God With Us" dropped to No. 2 in its twelfth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" held the No. 2 spot for three weeks on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" advanced back into No. 1 and held that spot for five weeks on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" fell to No. 2 in its twentieth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was removed from the top spot by Matthew West's "You Are Everything."
At some point in time, "God With Us" dropped out of the top five in its twenty-ninth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" fell to No. 6 in its twenty-ninth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" dropped out of the top ten in its thirty-fifth chart week on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" spent a total of thirty-eight weeks on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" spent eight weeks at No. 1 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, "God With Us" spent a total of thirty-eight weeks on the Hot Christian AC chart.
At some point in time, in Billboard's 2008 year-end charts, "God With Us" ranked at No. 3 on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, only "You Are Everything" by Matthew West and "Call My Name" by Third Day ranked higher than "God With Us" on the Hot Christian Songs chart.
At some point in time, Billboard ranked "God With Us" at No. 4 on the year-end Hot Christian AC chart.
At some point in time, only "You Are Everything" by Matthew West, "Let It Fade" by Jeremy Camp, and "Call My Name" by Third Day ranked higher than "God With Us" on the year-end Hot Christian AC chart.
At some point in time, MercyMe has performed "God With Us" live on concert tours.
At some point in time, MercyMe performed "God With Us" as part of their setlist at a concert on 4 November 2011 at the Van Andel Arena in Grand Rapids, Michigan.
At some point in time, MercyMe performed "God With Us" as the final song of their setlist at a concert in Council Bluffs, Iowa.
At some point in time, MercyMe performed "God With Us" as part of their setlist at a concert in Huntsville, Alabama.
At some point in time, "God With Us" has been included in several compilation albums.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was included in the compilation album WOW Hits 2009.
At some point in time, "God With Us" was included in the compilation album Wow # 1s: 30 # 1 Christian Hits!
At some point in time, MercyMe included both "God With Us" and a live version of "God With Us" on their 2009 compilation album 10.
At some point in time, a music video was released for "God With Us."
At some point in time, the music video features MercyMe performing in a live setting.
At some point in time, Bart Millard is the lead vocalist of MercyMe.
At some point in time, Bart Millard is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
At some point in time, Jim Bryson is a keyboardist and pianist for MercyMe.
At some point in time, Jim Bryson is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
At some point in time, Nathan Cochran is a bass guitarist for MercyMe.
At some point in time, Nathan Cochran is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
At some point in time, Barry Graul is a guitarist for MercyMe.
At some point in time, Barry Graul is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
At some point in time, Mike Scheuchzer is a guitarist for MercyMe.
At some point in time, Mike Scheuchzer is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
At some point in time, Robby Shaffer is a drummer for MercyMe.
At some point in time, Robby Shaffer is a writer and composer for "God With Us."
At some point in time, the London Session Orchestra recorded the strings for "God With Us."