At some point in time, Foster - Payne House is a historic house at 25 Belmont Street in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House was built in 1878.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House is a two-story multi-gabled house.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House is distinguished by its clapboarded exterior woodwork.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has opulent parlors in the interior.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has a matching carriagehouse with a gable roof and cupola.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster originally constructed and owned Foster - Payne House.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster sold Foster - Payne House to George W. Payne in 1882.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House is architecturally significant as a well-designed and well-preserved late 19th century suburban residence.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster was born on May 19, 1847.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster's parents are Chauncey Foster and Ophelia Remington.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster was educated in Pawtucket.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster joined the Rhode Island Cavalry in 1863.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster served in the American Civil War under Nathaniel P. Banks.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster served in the Red River Campaign.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster formed a jewelry-manufacturing partnership with Walter E. White and Samuel H. Baily in 1873.
At some point in time, the partnership was named White, Foster & Company.
At some point in time, Walter E. White retired in 1878.
At some point in time, the company was renamed Foster & Bailey after Walter E. White retired.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster constructed Foster - Payne House.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster lived in Foster - Payne House for a period of four years.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster commuted to his place of business in Providence, Rhode Island.
At some point in time, Theodore Waters Foster continued to be successful in his jewelry manufacturing business.
At some point in time, Theodore Clyde Foster succeeded Theodore Waters Foster upon Theodore Waters Foster's death in 1928.
At some point in time, George W. Payne is the owner of G. W. Payne & Company.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House is a two-story home with a low-pitched multi-gabled roof.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has a single story open porch on the western side.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has a kitchen ell that projects from the rear.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has a single-story bay window that projects from the western bay of the front facade.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House is distinguished by its clapboard exterior.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has wooden trim under the gable peaks.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has window trim.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has porch brackets.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House uses three types of windows.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has single one-over-one windows.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has paired one-over-one windows.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has two-over-two windows.
At some point in time, the small foyer on the western entry porch leads to the main stairhall.
At some point in time, the main stairhall features a gently curving staircase with turned balusters and a curving rail.
At some point in time, the first floor rooms are arranged in an "L" pattern on the southern and eastern sides.
At some point in time, the kitchen is placed on the northern ell.
At some point in time, the interior of one room has been altered with a pressed tin ceiling.
At some point in time, the second floor of Foster - Payne House was not described in the NRHP nomination.
At some point in time, the interior of the rooms displays late Victorian details.
At some point in time, the front parlor has a carved marble mantlepiece.
At some point in time, the front parlor has a molded central ceiling medallion.
At some point in time, the front parlor has a painted ceiling with scroll-work.
At some point in time, the back parlor has a marbleized slate mantlepiece.
At some point in time, the back parlor has an over-mounted mirror in a Renaissance Revival frame.
At some point in time, on the back edge of the lot is a two-story clapboarded carriagehouse.
At some point in time, the carriagehouse has a Victorian cupola.
At some point in time, the structure of the carriagehouse was not described in the NRHP nomination.
At some point in time, a photo from 2013 shows the cupola has been damaged.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House is architecturally significant with excellent interior detail.
At some point in time, Foster - Payne House has a matching carriagehouse.
At some point in time, the area in which Foster - Payne House is located was situated in an upper-class suburban area.
At some point in time, commercial and industrial buildings have entered the area since the late 19th century.
At some point in time, the property was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.