At some point in time, Chanzy was an Amiral Charner-class armored cruiser built for the French Navy in the 1890s.
At some point in time, Chanzy served in the Mediterranean Squadron.
At some point in time, Chanzy was assigned to the International Squadron off the island of Crete during the Greco-Turkish War of 1897.
At some point in time, Chanzy was assigned to protect French interests and citizens.
At some point in time, Chanzy was in reserve for several years in the middle of the first decade of the 20th century.
At some point in time, Chanzy was transferred to French Indochina in 1906.
At some point in time, Chanzy ran aground off the Chinese coast in mid-1907.
At some point in time, Chanzy proved impossible to refloat.
At some point in time, Chanzy was destroyed in place after her crew was rescued without loss.
The Amiral Charner-class ships were designed to be smaller than the preceding armored cruiser design.
The Amiral Charner-class ships were designed to be cheaper than the preceding armored cruiser design.
The Amiral Charner-class ships were intended to fill the commerce-raiding strategy of the Jeune École.
At some point in time, Chanzy measured 106.12 meters between perpendiculars.
At some point in time, Chanzy had a beam of 14.04 meters.
At some point in time, Chanzy had a forward draft of 5.55 meters.
At some point in time, Chanzy drew 6.06 meters aft.
At some point in time, Chanzy displaced 4,748 metric tons at normal load.
At some point in time, Chanzy displaced 4,990 metric tons at deep load.
At some point in time, the Amiral Charner-class ships had two triple-expansion steam engines.
At some point in time, each triple-expansion steam engine drove a single propeller shaft.
At some point in time, steam for the engines was provided by 16 Belleville boilers.
At some point in time, the engines were rated at a total of 8,300 metric horsepower using forced draft.
At some point in time, Amiral Charner had a designed speed of 19 knots.
At some point in time, Amiral Charner carried up to 535 metric tons of coal.
At some point in time, Amiral Charner could steam for 4,000 nautical miles at a speed of 10 knots.
At some point in time, the main armament of the Amiral Charner-class ships consisted of two Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1887 guns.
At some point in time, the two Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1887 guns were mounted in single gun turrets.
At some point in time, one Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1887 gun was mounted fore of the superstructure.
At some point in time, one Canon de 194 mm Modèle 1887 gun was mounted aft of the superstructure.
At some point in time, the secondary armament comprised six Canon de 138.6 mm Modèle 1887 guns.
At some point in time, each Canon de 138.6 mm Modèle 1887 gun was in a single gun turret on each broadside.
At some point in time, the Amiral Charner-class ships carried four 65-millimeter guns for anti-torpedo boat defense.
At some point in time, the Amiral Charner-class ships carried four 47-millimeter guns for anti-torpedo boat defense.
At some point in time, the Amiral Charner-class ships carried eight 37-millimeter five-barreled revolving Hotchkiss guns for anti-torpedo boat defense.
At some point in time, the Amiral Charner-class ships were armed with four 450-millimeter pivoting torpedo tubes.
At some point in time, two 450-millimeter pivoting torpedo tubes were mounted on each broadside above water.
At some point in time, the side of the Amiral Charner-class ships was generally protected by 92 millimeters of steel armor.
At some point in time, the steel armor extended from 1.3 meters below the waterline to 2.5 meters above it.
At some point in time, the bottom 20 centimeters of armor tapered in thickness.
At some point in time, the armor at the ends of the ships thinned to 60 millimeters.
At some point in time, the curved protective deck of mild steel had a thickness of 40 millimeters along its centerline.
At some point in time, the thickness of the curved protective deck increased to 50 millimeters at its outer edges.
At some point in time, a thin splinter deck protected the boiler rooms, engine rooms, and magazines below the protective deck.
At some point in time, a watertight internal cofferdam filled with cellulose ran the length of the ship.
At some point in time, the watertight internal cofferdam reached a height of 1.2 meters above the waterline.
At some point in time, the ship was divided by 13 watertight transverse bulkheads below the protective deck.
At some point in time, the ship had five more watertight transverse bulkheads above the protective deck.
At some point in time, the ship's conning tower was protected by 92 millimeters of armor.
At some point in time, the ship's turrets were protected by 92 millimeters of armor.
At some point in time, Chanzy was named after General Antoine Chanzy.
At some point in time, Chanzy was ordered from Chantiers et Ateliers de la Gironde on 18 December 1899.
At some point in time, Chanzy was laid down the following month at the shipyard in Bordeaux.
At some point in time, Chanzy was launched on 24 January 1894.
At some point in time, Chanzy was commissioned for her sea trials on 6 February.
At some point in time, sea trials for Chanzy began two days after commissioning.
At some point in time, Chanzy was decommissioned for repairs on 6 December.
At some point in time, Chanzy was recommissioned on 1 May 1895 to test the repairs.
At some point in time, Chanzy entered service on 20 July.
At some point in time, Chanzy was initially assigned to the 1st Light Division of the Mediterranean Squadron.
At some point in time, Chanzy was transferred to the 4th Light Division on 18 May 1896.
At some point in time, Chanzy participated in the annual fleet maneuvers that summer.
At some point in time, Chanzy was placed in reserve for repairs at Toulon in August.
At some point in time, Chanzy began trials on 28 December.
At some point in time, Chanzy was sent to Crete on 16 February 1897.
At some point in time, Chanzy was part of the French contingent of the International Squadron deployed in Crete during the Greco-Turkish War.
At some point in time, Chanzy was deployed in Crete to protect Western interests and citizens.
At some point in time, Chanzy remained with the squadron until 25 February 1898.
At some point in time, upon arriving in France, Chanzy was assigned to the reserve squadron.
At some point in time, Chanzy did little for the rest of the year other than participate in the annual naval maneuvers.
At some point in time, on 1 January 1899, Chanzy was reassigned to the 1st Light Division.
At some point in time, Chanzy's most notable activities in 1899 included visits to the Balearic Islands.
At some point in time, Chanzy's most notable activities in 1899 included visits to ports in the Aegean Sea.
At some point in time, Chanzy's most notable activities in 1899 included visits to the Middle East.
At some point in time, Chanzy's main steam pipe fractured on 20 February.
At some point in time, three crewmen were injured when Chanzy's main steam pipe fractured.
At some point in time, Chanzy was repaired in time to participate in the annual maneuvers.
At some point in time, Chanzy spent three weeks in September attached to the elderly gunnery ship Couronne.
At some point in time, Chanzy made a cruise to French North Africa.
At some point in time, Chanzy began a brief deployment to the Levant on 1 February 1901.
At some point in time, Chanzy returned from the Levant on 4 April for the annual maneuvers.
At some point in time, Chanzy returned to the Levant on 30 October.
At some point in time, Chanzy arrived back at Toulon on 1 February 1902.
At some point in time, Chanzy began a long period of relative inactivity that lasted until she was formally placed in reserve.
At some point in time, Chanzy was formally placed in reserve when the new armored cruiser Marseillaise replaced her in the squadron in May 1904.
At some point in time, Chanzy was recommissioned on 15 September 1906 for service with the Far Eastern Squadron.
At some point in time, Chanzy departed on 15 November 1906.
At some point in time, Chanzy arrived at Saigon, French Indochina, on 10 January 1907.
At some point in time, Chanzy visited Hong Kong in April 1907.
At some point in time, Chanzy visited ports in China in April 1907.
At some point in time, Chanzy visited Japan in May 1907.
At some point in time, Chanzy ran aground on rocks off Ballard Island in the Chusan Islands on 20 May 1907.
At some point in time, Bruix attempted to pull Chanzy off the rocks.
At some point in time, the protected cruisers D'Entrecasteaux and Alger attempted to pull Chanzy off the rocks.
At some point in time, Bruix, D'Entrecasteaux, and Alger could not pull Chanzy off in the heavy seas.
At some point in time, Chanzy's crew remained aboard attempting to get her off until they were evacuated without loss on 1 June.
At some point in time, Chanzy began to founder on 1 June.
At some point in time, the wreck of Chanzy was demolished by the other cruisers on 12 June.