At some point in time, "A Chorus Lie" is the sixteenth episode of the American television series Will & Grace's fourth season.
At some point in time, the episode was written by Tracy Poust and Jon Kinnally.
At some point in time, the episode was directed by series producer James Burrows.
At some point in time, the episode originally aired on NBC in the United States on February 7, 2002.
At some point in time, guest stars in "A Chorus Lie" include Matt Damon.
At some point in time, guest stars in "A Chorus Lie" include Leslie Jordan.
At some point in time, guest stars in "A Chorus Lie" include Patrick Kerr.
At some point in time, guest stars in "A Chorus Lie" include real life members of the Gay Men's Chorus of Los Angeles.
At some point in time, Jack (Sean Hayes) begins a rivalry with a fellow named Owen (Matt Damon).
At some point in time, Jack and Owen are competing to be the final entrant in a gay men's chorus.
At some point in time, Jack learns that Owen is straight.
At some point in time, Jack tries to "in" Owen with help from Grace (Debra Messing).
At some point in time, Karen (Megan Mullally) tries to pass off Will (Eric McCormack) as her lover.
At some point in time, Karen tries to pass off Will as not her lawyer.
At some point in time, Karen discovers that she is the object of pity for being single at her own Valentine's Day party.
At some point in time, the episode received positive reviews from television critics.
At some point in time, according to Nielsen ratings, "A Chorus Lie" was watched by 25.3 million viewers during its original broadcast.
At some point in time, "A Chorus Lie" is the most-watched episode in the history of Will & Grace.
At some point in time, the episode garnered three Emmy Award nominations.
At some point in time, the episode won one Emmy Award in the "Cinematography for a Multi-Camera Series" category.
At some point in time, following his audition, Jack (Sean Hayes) receives a call back.
At some point in time, Jack is informed that he has become a finalist for the Manhattan Gay Men's Chorus.
At some point in time, Jack is informed by the choral director that he will have a solo.
At some point in time, Owen (Matt Damon) barges in and sings his part before Jack can sing his solo.
At some point in time, Jack sees Owen as competition.
At some point in time, Jack thinks of a way to get rid of Owen.
At some point in time, Jack learns that Owen is posing as a gay man.
At some point in time, Jack observes Owen gaze at a woman.
At some point in time, Jack strikes a plan to get Owen to confess he is straight.
At some point in time, Jack invites Owen to "rehearse" in Will and Grace's apartment.
At some point in time, Jack's plan fails miserably.
At some point in time, Jack enlists the help of Grace (Debra Messing) to "in" Owen for him.
At some point in time, Grace begins flirting with Owen.
At some point in time, Grace and Owen ultimately make out.
At some point in time, Jack barges in and takes a picture of Grace and Owen.
At some point in time, Owen tricks Jack into pulling the film out of the camera.
At some point in time, Owen destroys the proof of Grace and Owen making out.
At some point in time, at the chorus rehearsal, Jack and Owen begin bickering.
At some point in time, Jack reveals to everyone that Owen is straight.
At some point in time, Owen admits that he is straight.
At some point in time, the chorus director (Patrick Kerr) tells Owen he has made it into the chorus.
At some point in time, Will (Eric McCormack) accepts Karen's (Megan Mullally) invitation as her date.
At some point in time, Will accepts the invitation due to Karen's husband being in prison.
At some point in time, Karen's annual Valentine's Day party is where Will is invited as her date.
At some point in time, Karen passes off Will as her "gigolo."
At some point in time, Karen passes off Will as her "gigolo" after her rival Beverley Leslie (Leslie Jordan) teases her for being alone.
At some point in time, word gets around that Will is "working" for Karen for the weekend.
At some point in time, many women ask for Will's "services."
At some point in time, Will believes he is accepting legal clients.
At some point in time, Karen reveals to Will that she has been telling everyone he is her gigolo.
At some point in time, Will becomes outraged at the revelation.
At some point in time, Will leaves after becoming outraged.
At some point in time, Beverley makes fun of Karen because she has no partner for the annual spotlight dance.
At some point in time, Will returns to the party.
At some point in time, Will dances with Karen.
At some point in time, "A Chorus Lie" was written by Tracy Poust and Jon Kinnally.
At some point in time, "A Chorus Lie" was directed by series producer James Burrows.
At some point in time, in January 2002, it was confirmed that actor Matt Damon would guest star on Will & Grace.
At some point in time, in January 2002, it was announced that NBC would extend "A Chorus Lie" with four additional minutes.
At some point in time, NBC's "supersize" plan was to compete against the CBS reality show Survivor.
At some point in time, Jeff Zucker was the President of NBC Entertainment at the time.
At some point in time, the show's producers approached NBC about the "supersizing" idea.
At some point in time, the producers asked NBC if the network could handle a few extra minutes of footage.
At some point in time, Zucker commented that the lengthening of this episode turned out great.
At some point in time, Zucker stated that there was no real extra work for anyone.
At some point in time, Zucker described the development as great.
At some point in time, Damon revealed that he was asked to appear on the show by Sean Hayes.
At some point in time, Damon is a friend of Sean Hayes.
At some point in time, Sean Hayes plays Jack on Will & Grace.
At some point in time, Damon enjoyed the idea for the episode.
At some point in time, Damon agreed to appear on the show.
At some point in time, Damon commented that it was easy for him to get into character.
At some point in time, Damon had previously played a gay character in the film The Talented Mr. Ripley (1999).
At some point in time, Damon told the Chicago Sun-Times in June 2002 that he would like to come back and guest star.
At some point in time, Grace is wearing a pair of Seven jeans when she and Owen make out on the couch.
At some point in time, Betsy Taylor of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch stated that this scene prompted a ripple effect in the United States.
At some point in time, the ripple effect was of people seeking out the jeans label.
At some point in time, Jack and Owen are singing with the chorus at the chorus rehearsal.
At some point in time, Jack sings "Lyin' and a-cheatin'!" to Owen.
At some point in time, Owen sings "tubby and a-tone-deaf" to Jack.
At some point in time, Jack's line is a reference to Hal David and Burt Bacharach's 1963 song "Wishin' and Hopin'."
At some point in time, "A Chorus Lie" brought in 25.3 million viewers.
At some point in time, the episode drew the highest amount of viewers in the show's history according to Nielsen ratings.
At some point in time, the episode received a 15.5 rating / 23 share among viewers in the 18-49 demographic.
At some point in time, the episode outperformed the 15.2 rating / 22 share of CBS's crime drama series CSI: Crime Scene Investigation in the 18-49 category.
At some point in time, the episode was nominated for three Emmy Awards.
At some point in time, Tony Askins won an Emmy for Cinematography for a Multi-Camera Series.
At some point in time, Peter Chakos was nominated for Outstanding Multi-Camera Picture Editing for a Series.
At some point in time, James Burrows was nominated for Outstanding Directing for a Comedy Series.
At some point in time, the episode received generally positive reception.
At some point in time, several American critics characterized the episode as the best episode of the show.
At some point in time, Jason Steele of the Chicago Tribune's RedEye named the episode one of his three favorite episodes of Will & Grace.
At some point in time, Jeffrey Robinson of DVD Talk wrote that the episode was hilarious.
At some point in time, Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly noted that Damon appeared as a straight guy posing as homosexual.
At some point in time, Damon competed with Jack (Sean Hayes) for a spot in a gay men's choir.
At some point in time, the show explores themes with humor that doesn't betray or belittle its core gay characters.
At some point in time, Scott D. Pierce of the Deseret News was less positive about the episode.
At some point in time, Scott D. Pierce stated that the episode plays like bad camp.
At some point in time, Scott D. Pierce noted that the characters seem more like the inhabitants of a lame Saturday Night Live sketch.
At some point in time, Scott D. Pierce commented on the extent of the tastelessness of the sex talk and Karen faking a sexual encounter.
At some point in time, critics praised Damon’s performance in the episode.
At some point in time, a television reviewer from The Sacramento Bee noted that Damon did a well-publicized (and very good) gig on the show.
At some point in time, Robert Bianco of USA Today commented that Damon was incredibly charming and funny.
At some point in time, Matt Roush of TV Guide said that inspired guest stars made the season better.
At some point in time, Matt Roush mentioned Matt Damon as a straight guy bluffing his way into a gay chorus.
At some point in time, Matt Roush mentioned Michael Douglas as a gay detective clowning it up on the dance floor.
At some point in time, Matt Roush mentioned Glenn Close as a lusty photographer groping both Will and Grace during a shoot.
At some point in time, Wales on Sunday’s Wil Marlow called Damon’s performance one of the most memorable guest appearances in the history of the show.
At some point in time, Wil Marlow commented that Damon held his own well against serial scene-stealer Sean Hayes.
At some point in time, Mark Perigard of the Boston Herald said the episode flies with jokes predicated on stereotypes and sexual innuendo.
At some point in time, Mark Perigard stated that Damon is a good sport with all the silliness.
At some point in time, Mark Perigard noted that Damon seems more at ease in the sitcom than he has in his last three films.
At some point in time, Eric McCormack, who portrays Will, said Damon was magnificent in the episode.
At some point in time, Eric McCormack described the experience with Damon as a great experience for the cast of the show.
At some point in time, Sean Hayes cites "A Chorus Lie" as one of his favorite episodes.
At some point in time, in March 2006, Entertainment Weekly named Damon’s guest spot as their number two most memorable guest appearance on Will & Grace.