At some point in time, Klein Bikes was a bicycle company founded by Gary Klein.
At some point in time, Klein Bikes pioneered the use of large diameter aluminum alloy tubes for greater stiffness.
At some point in time, Klein Bikes pioneered the use of large diameter aluminum alloy tubes for lower weight.
At some point in time, Gary Klein produced his first bicycle frames whilst a student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology during the 1970s.
At some point in time, full production runs of bicycle frames began in the 1980s.
At some point in time, the Trek Bicycle Corporation purchased Klein Bikes in 1995.
At some point in time, the original Klein factory at Chehalis closed in 2002.
At some point in time, production moved to the Trek headquarters at Waterloo in 2002.
At some point in time, widespread distribution of Klein Bikes in the United States stopped in 2007.
At some point in time, widespread distribution of Klein Bikes ceased altogether in the rest of the world in 2009.
At some point in time, Gary Klein was born on June 9, 1952.
At some point in time, Gary Klein attended the University of California at Davis.
At some point in time, Gary Klein transferred to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
At some point in time, a group of students including Gary Klein worked together under Professor Buckley in 1973.
At some point in time, the group produced an aluminum framed bicycle in 1973.
At some point in time, the group analyzed a number of contemporary steel frames.
At some point in time, the group examined steel frames that had broken in use.
At some point in time, the group determined the stresses placed on a bicycle frame.
At some point in time, the group faced limited available types of aluminum alloy tubing.
At some point in time, the group chose to construct frames from 6061 aluminum alloy seamless drawn tube.
At some point in time, the group discarded alternatives such as the stronger 7075 aluminum alloy because of the tubing dimensions.
At some point in time, Gary Klein graduated from MIT in 1974 with a degree in chemical engineering.
At some point in time, Gary Klein took a business course for entrepreneurs after graduating from MIT.
At some point in time, in 1975, Gary Klein started a business project with three other people.
At some point in time, Gary Klein built a limited run of aluminum alloy framed bikes at the MIT Innovation Center in 1975.
At some point in time, Gary Klein used a US $20,000 grant provided by MIT for the business project.
At some point in time, Gary Klein used US $1,000 of capital from each partner for the business project.
At some point in time, the prototypes displayed at the International cycle show in New York in February of 1975 had larger diameter tubes.
At some point in time, the prototypes displayed at the International cycle show in New York in February of 1975 had thinner walls than those produced in 1973.
At some point in time, in 1976, Gary Klein relocated to some disused buildings on his parents' farm in San Martin, California.
At some point in time, the disused buildings on Gary Klein's parents' farm had previously been used for dehydrating prunes.
At some point in time, Gary Klein patented the use of large diameter aluminum alloy tubes to increase stiffness in 1977.
At some point in time, Gary Klein moved from San Jose, California, to Chehalis, Washington, in 1980.
At some point in time, Gary Klein started production runs of road bicycles in the early 1980s.
At some point in time, Gary Klein started production runs of mountain bikes in the mid-1980s.
Klein's use of aluminum for bicycle frames was not entirely novel.
Klein's use of large diameter tubes for bicycle frames was novel.
At some point in time, aluminum alloys have a Young's modulus around a third that of steel.
At some point in time, with thicker tubes, Gary Klein was able to make a bicycle that weighed around 15% less than a conventional model.
At some point in time, Trek bought Klein Bikes in 1995.
At some point in time, Gary Klein found it hard to compete without the sales network of a larger company in place.
At some point in time, at its peak, around 250 people worked at the Chehalis plant.
At some point in time, operation gradually moved to the main Trek factory in Wisconsin.
At some point in time, in 2001, a workforce of around 70 people produced 15,000 to 20,000 frames a year.
At some point in time, in 2002, all production moved to the Trek headquarters at Waterloo, Wisconsin.
At some point in time, bikes were still sold under the Klein name until around 2009 in Japan.
At some point in time, widespread distribution of Klein Bikes ceased circa 2007 in the United States.
At some point in time, a green Klein mountain bike can be seen hanging on the wall in Jerry Seinfeld's apartment in the television show Seinfeld.
At some point in time, some off-road models featured two designs of one-piece welded stem-bar combination.
At some point in time, the one-piece welded stem-bar combination was marketed as "Mission Control" (MC).
At some point in time, the one-piece welded stem-bar combination eliminated clamping bolts.
At some point in time, the one-piece welded stem-bar combination eliminated excess material.
At some point in time, the original version, MC1, used a quill stem.
At some point in time, MC1 required a 1 inch (25 mm) threaded steerer.
At some point in time, MC2 used a locknut tightening against a collet that sat between the fork steerer and the stem.
At some point in time, a special eight pointed wrench was required to remove MC2.
At some point in time, the steerer had to be cut to the correct length in order to adjust the height of the stem in MC2.
At some point in time, MC3 was a third version that was only the stem.
At some point in time, the handlebar was not welded in MC3.
At some point in time, Klein held a patent (US 5433465) for an improved method of routing cables through the frame of a bicycle.
At some point in time, the improved method of routing cables reduced aerodynamic drag on the frame.
At some point in time, the improved method of routing cables reduced stress on the frame.
At some point in time, the front and rear derailleur cables were routed through the down tube.
At some point in time, the rear brake cable was routed through the top tube.
At some point in time, some models changed in 2002 to top tube cable routing for greater harmonization with Shimano components.
At some point in time, in the 2002 model year, Klein replaced 6061 aluminum alloy with a new alloy called ZR 9000.
At some point in time, ZR 9000 used zirconium in place of chromium.
At some point in time, ZR 9000 had not been assigned an industry number.
At some point in time, ZR 9000 was named after the unused 9000 series.
At some point in time, advertised improvements of ZR 9000 included a 190 grams (6.7 oz) decrease in weight per frame.
At some point in time, advertised improvements of ZR 9000 included a fatigue life five times longer than the 2001 model year frames.
At some point in time, Klein bicycles were famous for their paintwork.
At some point in time, Klein offered a large number of custom colors and patterns.
At some point in time, the paint used was a Durethane enamel non-metallic paint.
At some point in time, the Durethane enamel non-metallic paint cost up to US $1,800 per gallon.
At some point in time, the Klein logo was debossed into the frame by painting the frame in the color of the logo.
At some point in time, the Klein logo was debossed into the frame by applying a mask and painting the pattern.
At some point in time, beginning with the MC2 frames, Klein used "Gradient tubing."
At some point in time, gradient tubing was where the wall thickness varied along the length and diameter of the tube.
At some point in time, highly manipulated chainstays on mountain bikes allowed a tighter rear triangle.
At some point in time, highly manipulated chainstays on mountain bikes accommodated large off-road tires.
At some point in time, highly manipulated chainstays on mountain bikes facilitated efficient transfer of power.
At some point in time, welded aluminum needed heat treating to restore strength lost in welding.
At some point in time, after the heat treatment, frames were required to be aligned to within 0.004 inches (0.10 mm) on all alignment surfaces.
At some point in time, frames were then machined to within 0.0002 inches (0.0051 mm).
At some point in time, Klein produced both mountain bikes and road bikes.
At some point in time, models are sourced from the official catalogue for that particular year.
At some point in time, years marked in red are incomplete due to a lack of reliable source information.
At some point in time, Klein made custom bikes for San Francisco's Lombardi team in 2001.
At some point in time, the German cycling team Gerolsteiner rode Klein Quantum frames before 2003.
At some point in time, Gerolsteiner changed their bike sponsor to Wilier Triestina in 2003.
At some point in time, Klein sponsored the Jittery Joe's cycling team for the 2004 season.