At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole was the last hurricane in the 1998 Atlantic hurricane season.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole developed from a frontal low to the south of the Azores on November 24.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole quickly strengthened to reach winds of 70 mph (110 km/h) as it moved to the west-southwest.
At some point in time, an approaching upper-level trough moved over Hurricane Nicole, producing strong wind shear.
At some point in time, strong wind shear rapidly weakened Hurricane Nicole to a tropical depression.
At some point in time, after the trough passed, Hurricane Nicole entered an area of lighter shear.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole steadily restrengthened after entering an area of lighter shear.
At some point in time, an approaching cold front turned Hurricane Nicole to the northeast.
At some point in time, while moving over anomalously warm sea surface temperatures, Hurricane Nicole attained hurricane status.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole reached a peak intensity of 85 mph (135 km/h) on December 1.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole rapidly weakened over the waters of the north Atlantic Ocean.
Hurricane Nicole is one of five December Atlantic hurricanes on record.
At some point in time, a strong frontal low located several hundred miles south of the Azores persisted for several days in late November.
At some point in time, the strong frontal low remained nearly stationary for several days in late November.
At some point in time, the strong frontal low began moving steadily to the west.
At some point in time, a tightly-wrapped band of convection developed near the center of the strong frontal low.
At some point in time, the system developed into Tropical Depression Fourteen on November 24.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Fourteen was located 725 miles (1,165 km) south of Lajes, Azores when it developed.
At some point in time, the system quickly intensified as it moved west-southwestward.
At some point in time, the system strengthened into Tropical Storm Nicole six hours after forming.
Tropical Storm Nicole was a small storm.
At some point in time, upon first forming, tropical storm force winds extended only 60 miles (95 km) from the center of Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, a ship just north of the center of Tropical Storm Nicole reported winds of 41 mph (66 km/h).
At some point in time, the report from the ship confirmed that the system was a tropical storm.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nicole continued to the west-southwest while centered within a large upper-level low.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nicole was located to the south of a strong mid-level ridge.
At some point in time, the conditions produced light vertical shear over Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nicole moved through an area of marginal sea surface temperatures of 77 °F (25 °C).
At some point in time, an intermittent eye feature developed within the small area of deep convection of Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nicole quickly strengthened to reach an initial peak intensity of 70 mph (115 km/h).
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nicole maintained its peak intensity for around twelve hours.
At some point in time, an upper-level trough moved rapidly eastward over Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, the upper-level trough produced high levels of wind shear over Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, the wind shear weakened Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, by late on November 25, the center of Tropical Storm Nicole became exposed to the west of the diminishing deep convection.
At some point in time, the wind shear dissipated most of the convection of Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nicole degenerated to a tropical depression on November 26.
At some point in time, operationally, advisories for Tropical Storm Nicole were discontinued.
At some point in time, regeneration of Tropical Storm Nicole was considered unlikely.
At some point in time, the low turned to the west after the passage of the trough.
At some point in time, following the passage of the trough, a ridge became established over Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, the establishment of the ridge resulted in a decrease in wind shear over Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, deep convection redeveloped over Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center reinstated advisories for Tropical Storm Nicole on November 27.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nicole was located about 1,515 miles (2,440 km) west-southwest of the Canary Islands on November 27.
At some point in time, the low-level circulation of Tropical Storm Nicole was initially exposed on the southwest side of the convection.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nicole quickly strengthened and unexpectedly re-attained tropical storm status later on November 27.
At some point in time, upon reaching tropical storm status for the second time, the center of Tropical Storm Nicole moved beneath the convection.
At some point in time, an anticyclone developed over Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, banding features began to develop in Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, outflow was well-defined in Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, an approaching cold front turned Tropical Storm Nicole to the north.
At some point in time, late on November 28, Tropical Storm Nicole reached its westernmost point while located 1,125 miles (1,800 km) east-northeast of Bermuda.
At some point in time, after turning to the northeast, shear from the approaching front weakened Tropical Storm Nicole slightly.
At some point in time, the center of Tropical Storm Nicole became situated near the western edge of the convection.
At some point in time, upper-level diffluence allowed the convection of Tropical Storm Nicole to persist despite the shearing environment.
At some point in time, an eye feature developed within the convection of Tropical Storm Nicole.
At some point in time, anomalously warm sea surface temperatures of 3º to 5 °F (2º to 3 °C) above normal allowed Tropical Storm Nicole to continue strengthening.
At some point in time, early on November 30, Tropical Storm Nicole strengthened to attain hurricane status.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nicole was located 1,280 miles (2,060 km) west-southwest of Lajes, Azores when it attained hurricane status.
At some point in time, a nearly complete eyewall organized within Hurricane Nicole.
At some point in time, early on December 1, Hurricane Nicole reached a peak intensity of 85 mph (135 km/h).
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole turned northward and rapidly weakened.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole became extratropical later on December 1.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole was located 285 miles (460 km) northwest of the Azores when it became extratropical.
At some point in time, the extratropical remnant of Hurricane Nicole turned to the northwest.
At some point in time, the extratropical remnant of Hurricane Nicole moved around the periphery of a larger circulation.
At some point in time, on December 2, Hurricane Nicole dissipated.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole lasted into December as a hurricane.
Hurricane Nicole was one of only five Atlantic hurricanes on record in the month of December.
At some point in time, the other five Atlantic hurricanes attained intensity during the month of December.
At some point in time, the other five Atlantic hurricanes included an unnamed hurricane in the 1887 season.
At some point in time, the other five Atlantic hurricanes included Hurricane Alice in 1954.
At some point in time, the other five Atlantic hurricanes included Hurricane Lili in 1984.
At some point in time, the other five Atlantic hurricanes included Hurricane Epsilon in 2005.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nicole remained hundreds of miles away from land throughout its entire lifetime.
At some point in time, as a result of remaining hundreds of miles away from land, Hurricane Nicole caused no damage or deaths.