At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno is a steel inverted roller coaster at the Thorpe Park theme park in Surrey, England, UK.
At some point in time, the layout of Nemesis Inferno was conceived and designed by John Wardley.
At some point in time, Bolliger & Mabillard built Nemesis Inferno.
At some point in time, Werner Stengel provided the layout calculations for Nemesis Inferno.
Werner Stengel has provided layout calculations for hundreds of roller coasters.
At some point in time, Bolliger & Mabillard built the related Nemesis inverted roller coaster at Alton Towers.
At some point in time, Nemesis and Nemesis Inferno are often compared.
At some point in time, many people cite Nemesis as a superior ride compared to Nemesis Inferno.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno is 750 metres long.
At some point in time, the length of Nemesis Inferno is 2,460 feet.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno is themed around an erupting tropical volcano.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno stands 29 metres tall.
At some point in time, the height of Nemesis Inferno is 95 feet.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno features a top speed of 80 kilometres per hour.
At some point in time, the top speed of Nemesis Inferno is 50 miles per hour.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno features four inversions.
At some point in time, in 2002, Thorpe Park officially announced the addition of Nemesis Inferno in 2003.
At some point in time, construction of Nemesis Inferno took place throughout 2002.
At some point in time, the first test run of Nemesis Inferno was completed in December 2002.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno officially opened to the public on 5 April 2003.
At some point in time, Nikki Nolan of The Tussauds Group stated that the ride was installed just one year after Colossus.
At some point in time, the installation of Nemesis Inferno aimed to help transform Thorpe Park into a real thrill park.
At some point in time, in 2004, Thorpe Park approached Guinness World Records to set the record for the "Most Naked People on a Rollercoaster."
At some point in time, in May 2004, 81 students took part in the record attempt.
At some point in time, the record for the "Most Naked People on a Rollercoaster" was set at 28.
At some point in time, the number of seats on a single Nemesis Inferno train is 28.
At some point in time, in August 2004, Nemesis at Alton Towers broke the record with 32 riders.
At some point in time, the roller coaster Nemesis Inferno was used on an episode of The Inbetweeners.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno features a top speed of 77 kilometres per hour.
At some point in time, the top speed of Nemesis Inferno is 48 miles per hour.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno features four inversions including a vertical loop.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno features a zero-g roll.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno features a set of interlocking corkscrews.
At some point in time, riders of Nemesis Inferno experience up to 4.5 times the force of gravity.
At some point in time, the ride duration of Nemesis Inferno is nearly two minutes.
At some point in time, the reported cost of Nemesis Inferno is £8 million.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno operates with two steel and fiberglass trains.
At some point in time, each train of Nemesis Inferno contains seven cars.
At some point in time, each car of Nemesis Inferno seats four riders in a single row.
At some point in time, the total number of riders per train on Nemesis Inferno is 28.
At some point in time, two seats on Nemesis Inferno have been modified to cater for larger riders.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno is themed around an erupting volcano.
At some point in time, the name of Nemesis Inferno suggests that it is related to the original Nemesis.
At some point in time, the original Nemesis is an inverted coaster installed at Alton Towers in 1994.
At some point in time, after leaving the station, the train of Nemesis Inferno takes a right-hand swing into a dark tunnel.
At some point in time, the train of Nemesis Inferno is shot with simulated fire in the dark tunnel.
At some point in time, the train of Nemesis Inferno makes a brief left turn before entering the lift hill.
At some point in time, the lift hill of Nemesis Inferno is 29 metres tall.
At some point in time, the lift hill of Nemesis Inferno is 95 feet tall.
At some point in time, at the top of the lift hill, the train of Nemesis Inferno takes a long left-swing drop into its first inversion.
At some point in time, the first inversion of Nemesis Inferno is a vertical loop to the right.
At some point in time, the first inversion of Nemesis Inferno is followed by a zero-g roll.
At some point in time, riders experience a feeling of weightlessness during the zero-g roll on Nemesis Inferno.
At some point in time, the ride of Nemesis Inferno then turns to the right and enters the first of the interlocking corkscrews.
At some point in time, the ride of Nemesis Inferno enters a right-handed, over-banked turn after the first corkscrew.
At some point in time, the ride of Nemesis Inferno continues through the second of the interlocking corkscrews.
At some point in time, after a large right turn, the ride of Nemesis Inferno is followed by a sharp left turn.
At some point in time, the car of Nemesis Inferno begins to brake after the sharp left turn.
At some point in time, following a small right turn, the car of Nemesis Inferno continues to the station.
At some point in time, in Mitch Hawker's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll, Nemesis Inferno entered at position 70 in 2003.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno peaked at position 51 in Mitch Hawker's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll in 2006.
At some point in time, the ride's ranking in subsequent polls is shown in a table.
At some point in time, Nemesis Inferno is commonly compared with its Alton Towers counterpart, Nemesis.
At some point in time, many people cite Nemesis as the superior ride compared to Nemesis Inferno.
At some point in time, Nemesis has ranked favourably in Amusement Today's annual Golden Ticket Awards.
At some point in time, Nemesis is one of only seven roller coasters to appear in the top 50 steel roller coasters for all 15 years.
Nemesis Inferno has never made an appearance in Amusement Today's annual Golden Ticket Awards.
At some point in time, in Mitch Hawker's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll, Nemesis Inferno has an average ranking of 80.
At some point in time, in Mitch Hawker's worldwide Best Roller Coaster Poll, Nemesis has an average ranking of 6.
At some point in time, in a poll conducted by the Los Angeles Times, Nemesis received 37.93% of the vote for the title of best roller coaster in England.
At some point in time, in a poll conducted by the Los Angeles Times, Nemesis Inferno received 0.32% of the vote for the title of best roller coaster in England.
At some point in time, Jeremy Thompson of Roller Coaster Philosophy describes Nemesis as "a vastly superior ride" to Nemesis Inferno.
At some point in time, Jeremy Thompson describes Nemesis Inferno as "something a bit better" than his expectations.
At some point in time, Jeremy Thompson was "not sure if Nemesis Inferno was a particularly good ride or not."