At some point in time, "I Miss You" is a song by American recording artist Miley Cyrus.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus co-wrote "I Miss You" under her birth name Destiny Hope Cyrus.
At some point in time, Brian Green co-wrote "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Wendy Foy Green co-wrote "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Brian Green produced "I Miss You".
At some point in time, "I Miss You" is a homage to Miley Cyrus' late grandfather Ron Cyrus.
At some point in time, Ron Cyrus died on February 28, 2006.
At some point in time, Ron Cyrus was diagnosed with mesothelioma.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus wanted to write a song for Ron Cyrus prior to his decease.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" was released to Radio Disney in mid-year 2007.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" was released as promotion for the dual disc "Hannah Montana 2: Meet Miley Cyrus".
At some point in time, "I Miss You" is a ballad with rock and country influences.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" received generally positive reviews from music critics.
At some point in time, some music critics commented on how "I Miss You" deviated from Miley Cyrus' usual material at the time.
At some point in time, some music critics commented on how effective the message of "I Miss You" was.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" peaked at number nine on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" peaked at number ninety-two on the defunct Pop 100 chart.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus performed "I Miss You" on acoustic guitar as an encore at several stops on her first headlining concert tour.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus' first headlining concert tour is called the Best of Both Worlds Tour.
At some point in time, the Best of Both Worlds Tour occurred from 2007 to 2008.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus had a very close relationship with her paternal grandfather Ron Cyrus.
At some point in time, Ron Cyrus was a Democratic legislator in the state of Kentucky.
At some point in time, Ron Cyrus was a public servant.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus referred to Ron Cyrus as "Pappy".
At some point in time, Ron Cyrus struggled with mesothelioma for several years.
At some point in time, Ron Cyrus' mesothelioma was a result of exposure to asbestos.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus relocated from Franklin, Tennessee to Los Angeles, California.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus relocated to commence work on the Disney Channel original series "Hannah Montana".
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus was inspired to compose "I Miss You" after seeing Ron Cyrus ailing from afar.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus explained in her autobiography "Miles to Go" that she ended up writing "I Miss You" for Ron Cyrus.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus described "I Miss You" as the most difficult song for her to write because of the subject matter.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus attempted to halt writing "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus told her co-writers that she could not bear to write anymore.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus later desired to resume writing "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus said she knew what her heart wanted to say.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus believed that whatever is in her heart finds its way to her fingertips.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus desired for Ron Cyrus to listen to "I Miss You" before passing away.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus was never able to sing "I Miss You" for Ron Cyrus.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus' father played a quick cut of "I Miss You" for Ron Cyrus towards the end of his life.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus said she liked to believe that "I Miss You" gave Ron Cyrus hope.
At some point in time, Ron Cyrus died at the age of 70.
At some point in time, Ron Cyrus died two days prior to the red carpet premiere of "Hannah Montana".
At some point in time, in the episode "She's a Supersneak", Miley Cyrus sang a part of "I Miss You" as Miley Stewart.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus sang "I Miss You" in memory of the character's late mother.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus recorded "I Miss You" for her debut album "Meet Miley Cyrus".
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus believed that "I Miss You" could have a variety of meanings for distinct people.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus believed that "I Miss You" could relate to moving away from home.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus believed that "I Miss You" could relate to the loss of a parent.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus believed that "I Miss You" could relate to a breakup in a romantic relationship.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" is a pop music song with a length of three minutes and fifty-eight seconds.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" is a ballad that maintains a low-key acoustic styling.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" is influenced by elements of the country music genre.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" has a rock music-based musical arrangement.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" relies prominently on a gentle strumming guitar for instrumentation.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" is written in the key of B♭ major.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" will transpose to the key of C major at the end of the bridge.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" is set in common time.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" has a tempo of 85 beats per minute.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus' low and throaty vocals in "I Miss You" span one octave.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus' vocals in "I Miss You" range from G3 to B♭4.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" has the following chord progression: B♭ – Gm7 – F – F – Fsus.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" has received generally positive reviews from music critics.
At some point in time, Heather Phares of Allmusic complimented "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Heather Phares categorized "I Miss You" as one of the tracks on "Meet Miley Cyrus" that resembled Hannah Montana songs.
At some point in time, Andy Webster of The New York Times wrote that "I Miss You" is "as doleful as it gets".
At some point in time, Andy Spletzer of the Seattle Post-Intelligencer believed that "I Miss You" had a level of sincerity that was void from the remainder of Miley Cyrus' repertoire at the time.
At some point in time, Andy Spletzer added that the songs are more guitar-driven.
At some point in time, Andy Spletzer added that the outfits are more adult.
At some point in time, Andy Spletzer added that the lyrics imply a string of bad boyfriends.
At some point in time, Andy Spletzer added that it feels like imaginary drama taken from high school poetry.
At some point in time, Andy Spletzer added that it feels as if Miley Cyrus is pretending to be older than she is.
At some point in time, Elysa Gardner of USA Today stated that "I Miss You" was the exception to the "heavy on flash and fantasy" that characterized Miley Cyrus at the time.
At some point in time, Joseph P. Kahn of the Boston Globe mentioned "I Miss You" while remarking that Miley Cyrus' songs surpass much of the music played on Radio Disney.
At some point in time, Maitland McDonagh of TV Guide believed that "I Miss You" was a clear demonstration of how affectionate Miley Cyrus was with Ron Cyrus.
At some point in time, Kelly Jane Torrance of The Washington Times said "I Miss You" was an unpredictable effort.
At some point in time, Kelly Jane Torrance said "I Miss You" was both empathetic and executed properly from Miley Cyrus.
At some point in time, on the week ending July 14, 2007, "I Miss You" debuted on two US Billboard charts.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" entered at number nine on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
At some point in time, "I Miss You" entered at number ninety-two on the discontinued Pop 100 chart.
At some point in time, the following week, "I Miss You" fell to number twenty-five in its second and final appearance on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus performed "I Miss You" as an encore on sporadic dates of her first headlining tour.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus' first headlining tour is called the Best of Both Worlds Tour.
At some point in time, the Best of Both Worlds Tour extended from October 2007 to January 2008.
At some point in time, the concert film of the Best of Both Worlds Tour uses the performance of "I Miss You" within the set.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus did not perform "I Miss You" as part of the set.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus was dressed in a white tank top, blue cardigan, and denim pants during her performance of "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus sat on a stool that was placed towards the end of the runway during her performance of "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus performed "I Miss You" with an acoustic guitar.
At some point in time, images and home footage of Ron Cyrus appeared on the screens during Miley Cyrus' performance of "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Chris William of Entertainment Weekly attended the November 8, 2007 concert at the San Diego Sports Arena in San Diego, California.
At some point in time, Chris William wrote that it was especially sweet when Miley Cyrus ditched the dancers and enhancers during her performance of "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Chris William wrote that Miley Cyrus vulnerably serenaded her late grandpappy during her performance of "I Miss You".
At some point in time, Chris William wrote that Miley Cyrus really looked and sounded 14 during her performance of "I Miss You".
At some point in time, not everyone noticed Miley Cyrus' performance of "I Miss You" because half the seats were empty when she finished.
At some point in time, Alison Bonaguro Dressed of the Chicago Tribune stated that, despite its simplicity, Miley Cyrus' performance of "I Miss You" on December 8, 2007 felt like the largest production of all.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus performed "I Miss You" on December 20, 2007 on The Oprah Winfrey Show.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus wore a gray shirt and black pants during her performance on The Oprah Winfrey Show.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus performed "I Miss You" along with "Ready, Set, Don't Go" and "The Best of Both Worlds" on The Oprah Winfrey Show.
At some point in time, a light-blue background was displayed on the screen during Miley Cyrus' performance on The Oprah Winfrey Show.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus performed an excerpt from "I Miss You" on October 5, 2013.
At some point in time, Miley Cyrus performed an excerpt from "I Miss You" with actress Vanessa Bayer as part of a Saturday Night Live skit.