At some point in time, the rainy season is the time of year when most of a region's average annual rainfall occurs.
At some point in time, the rainy season usually lasts one or more months.
At some point in time, the term "green season" is sometimes used as a euphemism by tourist authorities.
At some point in time, areas with wet seasons are dispersed across portions of the tropics and subtropics.
At some point in time, a wet season month is defined as a month where average precipitation is 60 millimeters (2.4 in) or more.
At some point in time, Mediterranean climates have wet winters and dry summers.
At some point in time, tropical seasonal forests have characteristic dry and rainy months.
Tropical rainforests do not have dry or wet seasons.
Rainfall is equally distributed throughout the year in tropical rainforests.
At some point in time, some areas with pronounced rainy seasons will see a break in rainfall mid-season.
At some point in time, the intertropical convergence zone or monsoon trough moves to higher latitudes in the middle of the warm season.
At some point in time, when the wet season occurs during summer, precipitation falls mainly during the late afternoon and early evening.
At some point in time, air quality improves during the wet season.
At some point in time, fresh water quality improves during the wet season.
At some point in time, vegetation grows substantially during the wet season.
At some point in time, crop yields occur late in the wet season.
At some point in time, rivers overflow their banks during the wet season.
At some point in time, some animals retreat to higher ground during the wet season.
At some point in time, soil nutrients diminish during the wet season.
At some point in time, erosion increases during the wet season.
At some point in time, the incidence of malaria increases in areas where the rainy season coincides with high temperatures.
At some point in time, some animals have adaptation and survival strategies for the wet season.
At some point in time, the previous dry season often leads to food shortages in the wet season.
At some point in time, the wet season is known as the monsoon in areas where heavy rainfall is associated with a wind shift.
At some point in time, rainfall in the wet season is mainly due to daytime heating.
At some point in time, diurnal thunderstorm activity occurs within a pre-existing moist airmass during the wet season.
At some point in time, rain mainly falls in late afternoon and early evening in savannah and monsoon regions.
At some point in time, much of the total rainfall each day occurs in the first minutes of the downpour.
At some point in time, most places have only one wet season.
At some point in time, areas of the tropics can have two wet seasons.
At some point in time, the monsoon trough can pass over locations in the tropics twice per year.
Rain forests do not have a wet season.
At some point in time, in the western United States, extratropical cyclones from the Pacific Ocean move inland during the cold season from September to May.
At some point in time, the southward migration of the jet stream occurs during the cold season.
At some point in time, this shift in the jet stream brings much of the annual precipitation to the western United States.
At some point in time, the peninsula of Italy has weather very similar to the western United States.
At some point in time, areas with a savanna climate in Sub-Saharan Africa have a distinct rainy season.
At some point in time, Ghana has a distinct rainy season.
At some point in time, Burkina Faso has a distinct rainy season.
At some point in time, Darfur has a distinct rainy season.
At some point in time, Eritrea has a distinct rainy season.
At some point in time, Ethiopia has a distinct rainy season.
At some point in time, Botswana has a distinct rainy season.
At some point in time, Florida has a rainy season.
At some point in time, South Texas has a rainy season.
At some point in time, Southeast Asia includes regions with monsoon climates.
At some point in time, Indonesia has a monsoon climate.
At some point in time, the Philippines has a monsoon climate.
At some point in time, northern sections of Australia's North have a monsoon climate.
At some point in time, Polynesia has a monsoon climate.
At some point in time, Central America has a monsoon climate.
At some point in time, western and southern Mexico have a monsoon climate.
At some point in time, the Desert Southwest of the United States has a monsoon climate.
At some point in time, southern Guyana has a monsoon climate.
At some point in time, portions of northeast Brazil have a monsoon climate.
At some point in time, northern Guyana has two wet seasons: one in early spring and the other in early winter.
At some point in time, western Africa has two rainy seasons across southern sections.
At some point in time, western Africa has only one rainy season across the north.
At some point in time, the west coast of the United States experiences a wet season in the winter months.
At some point in time, the Mediterranean coastline of Italy experiences a wet season in the winter months.
At some point in time, Greece experiences a wet season in the winter months.
At some point in time, Turkey experiences a wet season in the winter months.
At some point in time, the wet season in the Negev desert of Israel extends from October through May.
At some point in time, the Sonoran desert receives the two rainy seasons associated with Mediterranean and monsoon climates.
At some point in time, the wet season is known by many different local names throughout the world.
At some point in time, in Mexico, the wet season is known as "storm season."
At some point in time, the wet season typically experienced by Aboriginal tribes of Northern Australia from December to March is called Gudjewg.
At some point in time, the precise meaning of the word Gudjewg is fairly disputable.
At some point in time, the word Gudjewg is widely accepted to relate to severe thunderstorms, flooding, and abundant vegetation growth.
At some point in time, high daytime high temperatures drop when the monsoon arrives in tropical areas.
At some point in time, overnight low temperatures increase when the monsoon arrives in tropical areas.
At some point in time, a combination of heavy rainfall and an onshore wind improves air quality in some places such as Hong Kong during the wet season.
At some point in time, the wet season in Brazil is correlated with weaker trade winds off the ocean.
At some point in time, the pH level of water becomes more balanced during the wet season.
At some point in time, the charging of local aquifers occurs during the wet season.
At some point in time, water softens during the rainy season.
At some point in time, the concentration of dissolved materials reduces during the rainy season.
At some point in time, erosion increases during rainy periods.
At some point in time, arroyos that are dry at other times of the year fill with runoff during the wet season.
At some point in time, water can be as deep as 10 feet (3.0 m) in arroyos during the wet season.
At some point in time, leaching of soils during periods of heavy rainfall depletes nutrients.
At some point in time, higher runoff from land masses affects nearby ocean areas during the wet season.
At some point in time, nearby ocean areas are more stratified due to stronger surface currents forced by heavy rainfall runoff.
At some point in time, high rainfall can cause widespread flooding.
At some point in time, widespread flooding can lead to landslides and mudflows in mountainous areas.
At some point in time, floods cause rivers to burst their banks.
At some point in time, floods can submerge homes.
At some point in time, the Ghaggar-Hakra River only flows during India's monsoon season.
At some point in time, the Ghaggar-Hakra River can flood and severely damage local crops.
At some point in time, floods can be exacerbated by fires during the previous dry season.
At some point in time, fires during the previous dry season can cause soils to become hydrophobic.
At some point in time, governments may help people deal with wet season floods in various ways.
At some point in time, flood plain mapping identifies areas that are more prone to flooding.
At some point in time, instructions on controlling erosion through outreach are provided by telephone or the internet.
At some point in time, the wet season is the main period of vegetation growth within the savanna climate regime.
At some point in time, the wet season is a time for food shortages before crops reach their full maturity.
At some point in time, food shortages during the wet season cause seasonal weight changes for people in developing countries.
At some point in time, a drop in weight occurs during the wet season until the time of the first harvest.
At some point in time, malaria incidence increases during periods of high temperature and heavy rainfall.
At some point in time, cows calve at the beginning of the wet season.
At some point in time, the onset of the rainy season signals the departure of the Monarch butterfly from Mexico.
At some point in time, tropical species of butterflies show larger dot markings on their wings during the wet season.
At some point in time, tropical species of butterflies are more active during the wet season than the dry season.
At some point in time, decreased salinity of near shore wetlands occurs due to the rains within the tropics and warmer areas of the subtropics.
At some point in time, an increase in crocodile nesting occurs due to decreased salinity of near shore wetlands during the wet season.
At some point in time, the arroyo toad spawns within a couple of months after the seasonal rains.
At some point in time, armadillos seek higher ground during the wet season.
At some point in time, rattlesnakes seek higher ground during the wet season.