At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 covers where trustees can invest trust funds.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 received royal assent on 3 August 1961.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 removed the "Statutory Lists" system.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 replaced the "Statutory Lists" system with sets of specific investment areas.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 was heavily criticised for the way it set out investment areas.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 required trusts trying to invest in multiple areas to be permanently divided.
At some point in time, a 1997 Law Commission paper called the terms of the Trustee Investments Act 1961 "overly cautious and restrictive."
At some point in time, the 1997 Law Commission paper suggested that some trusts were underperforming as a result of the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
At some point in time, the passing of the Trustee Act 2000 effectively nullified the terms of the Trustee Investments Act 1961 in relation to trustee investment.
At some point in time, the Trustee Act 2000 is now the principal piece of legislation in the area of trustee investments.
At some point in time, prior to the Trustee Investments Act 1961, the areas trustees could invest in were based on the Trustee Act 1925.
At some point in time, the Trustee Act 1925 set up a "Statutory Lists" system.
At some point in time, the "Statutory Lists" contained only those investments available at the Post Office and land.
At some point in time, the "Statutory Lists" did not take into account the deprecation of currency or inflation.
At some point in time, trustees investing in stocks and shares were at risk of losing money due to the falling value of the pound sterling.
At some point in time, the income from a trust might remain nominally constant.
At some point in time, the real value of the income from a trust could be much reduced over the lifetime of the trust.
At some point in time, lawyers recognised the issue of the real value of trust income.
At some point in time, lawyers had been advising their clients to structure trusts to allow trustees to invest in wider areas than the Statutory Lists.
At some point in time, the report of the Nathan Committee advocated reform in 1952.
At some point in time, the government published a White Paper on "Government Policy on Charitable Trusts in England and Wales" in 1955.
At some point in time, the 1955 White Paper proposed a reform of the Statutory Lists system.
At some point in time, the Variation of Trusts Act 1958 allowed trustees to apply to the courts to widen their investment powers.
At some point in time, the process to widen investment powers under the Variation of Trusts Act 1958 was expensive and slow.
At some point in time, a statement in the House of Lords on 13 May 1959 promised further reform.
At some point in time, a detailed White Paper was published in December 1959.
At some point in time, a Bill based on the December 1959 report was introduced in the House of Lords in November 1960.
At some point in time, the Bill was scrutinised by solicitors and barristers during the Committee stage.
At some point in time, the Bill received royal assent on 3 August 1961.
At some point in time, the Bill passed into law as the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 replaced the old Statutory Lists system of investments.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 included two sets of "narrow range" investments.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 included a set of "wide range" investments.
At some point in time, the first set of "narrow range" investments included Defence Bonds and National Savings Certificates.
At some point in time, the first set of "narrow range" investments could be bought at a Post Office.
At some point in time, the first set of "narrow range" investments did not require the trustee to seek advice before investing.
At some point in time, the second set of investments included debentures in certain British companies.
At some point in time, the second set of investments included gilt-edged securities.
At some point in time, the trustee was expected to seek written advice from a qualified person before investing in the second set of investments.
At some point in time, "Wide range" investments included unit trusts and shares in certain British companies.
At some point in time, "Wide range" investments included shares in building societies.
At some point in time, if trustees wished to invest in "wide range" investments, they were required to have the trust fund valued.
At some point in time, the trust fund had to be divided into two parts for "wide range" investments.
At some point in time, three quarters of the value of the trust fund had to be in one part.
At some point in time, a quarter of the value of the trust fund had to be in another part.
At some point in time, the quarter of the trust fund was to be invested in "wide range" investments.
At some point in time, the remainder of the trust fund was restricted to "narrow range" investments.
At some point in time, the valuation of the trust fund had to be done by a person reasonably believed by the trustee to be qualified to make it.
At some point in time, the division of funds was permanent.
At some point in time, the quarter and three quarters of the trust fund became distinct units.
At some point in time, the permanence of the division was the most controversial section of the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 was considered a bad one.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 required a "very conservative investment policy for trustees."
At some point in time, the powers given to investment trustees by the Trustee Investments Act 1961 were restrictive and narrow.
At some point in time, trustees were expected to go through expensive and complicated procedures to exercise their powers under the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
At some point in time, the Trustee Investments Act 1961 was criticised almost immediately for its complexity and outdatedness.
At some point in time, a 1997 paper by the Law Commission called the Trustee Investments Act 1961 "overly cautious and restrictive."
At some point in time, the 1997 paper suggested that some trusts were underperforming because of the difficulty of complying with the provisions of the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
At some point in time, the Trustee Act 2000 repealed most of the Trustee Investments Act 1961.
At some point in time, the Trustee Act 2000 now serves as the principal piece of guidance on trustee investments.