Æthelbert of York died on 8 November 780.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was an eighth-century scholar.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was a teacher.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was the Archbishop of York.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was related to his predecessor at York.
At some point in time, Æthelbert became a monk at an early age.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was in charge of the cathedral's library.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was in charge of the cathedral's school.
At some point in time, Æthelbert taught a number of missionaries and scholars.
At some point in time, Alcuin was one of the missionaries and scholars taught by Æthelbert.
At some point in time, Æthelbert rebuilt the cathedral while archbishop.
At some point in time, Æthelbert sent missionaries to the Continent.
At some point in time, Æthelbert retired before his death.
At some point in time, Æthelbert built another church in York during his retirement.
At some point in time, Alcuin's poem is the principal source of information concerning Æthelbert's life.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was a kinsman of his predecessor Ecgbert.
At some point in time, Ecgbert was the brother of Eadberht.
At some point in time, Eadberht was the King of Northumbria.
At some point in time, Æthelbert's family placed him in a monastery as a young child.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was a pupil in the school founded at York by Ecgbert.
At some point in time, Ecgbert ordained Æthelbert as a priest.
At some point in time, Ecgbert put Æthelbert in charge of the school.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was instrumental in forming a library at York.
At some point in time, the library at York was probably the largest contemporary collection of books outside of Rome.
At some point in time, Alcuin mentions several Latin and Greek classical authors.
At some point in time, Alcuin mentions the Fathers and other Christian writers that formed the 8th-century canon.
At some point in time, Æthelbert travelled far in his search for books.
At some point in time, Æthelbert visited Rome among other places.
At some point in time, Alcuin's poem lists 41 different authors.
At some point in time, some authors listed in Alcuin's poem wrote in Hebrew.
At some point in time, Æthelbert taught both the trivium and the quadrivium.
At some point in time, Æthelbert taught how to figure the dates of church festivals.
At some point in time, Æthelbert taught natural science.
At some point in time, Æthelbert succeeded Ecgbert as archbishop in 766.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was consecrated on 24 April 767.
24 April 767 was the feast day of his predecessor Wilfrid.
At some point in time, Æthelbert wished to revive Wilfrid's ambitions for the archiepiscopal see.
At some point in time, Æthelbert received his pallium from Pope Adrian I in 773.
At some point in time, Alcuin was appointed head of the cathedral school after Æthelbert became archbishop.
At some point in time, much of Alcuin's description of Æthelbert's time as archbishop has the flavor of a panegyric.
At some point in time, Alcuin praised Æthelbert as a model bishop.
At some point in time, Æthelbert rebuilt York Minster.
At some point in time, York Minster had been destroyed by fire in 741.
At some point in time, Æthelbert gave Eanbald and Alcuin the job of overseeing the construction of York Minster.
At some point in time, Alcuin wrote that York Minster had bright windows and ceilings.
At some point in time, Alcuin wrote that the liturgical vessels and altars of York Minster were decorated with precious metals and gems.
At some point in time, the new building of York Minster had 30 altars.
At some point in time, the new building of York Minster had upper apartments.
At some point in time, Æthelbert dedicated one of the altars of York Minster to Saint Paul.
At some point in time, the altar dedicated to Saint Paul was located where Edwin was baptized.
At some point in time, Æthelbert sent out missionaries to the pagans of Northern Europe.
At some point in time, Alubert and Liudger were among the missionaries sent to Northern Europe.
At some point in time, Liudger went to northern Germany.
At some point in time, Liudger had earlier been a pupil at the school in York.
At some point in time, Liudger became the first Bishop of Munster.
At some point in time, Æthelbert was the recipient of letters from Lull.
At some point in time, Lull was the Archbishop of Mainz.
At some point in time, Lull's correspondent "Coena" is assumed to be Æthelbert by most historians.
At some point in time, books were sent to the missionaries from the York library.
At some point in time, Æthelbert called a council in 774.
At some point in time, the council in 774 deposed Alhred, the King of Northumbria.
At some point in time, Alhred was sent into exile with the Picts.
At some point in time, the cause of the deposition of Alhred may have been related to missionary work.
At some point in time, D. P. Kirby feels that Æthelbert was not a supporter of Alhred prior to his deposition.
At some point in time, Alhred was replaced with Æthelred.
At some point in time, Æthelred was replaced in 778 by Ælfwald.
At some point in time, Ælfwald was the son of Oswulf.
At some point in time, Kirby sees Æthelbert's withdrawal of support as instrumental in the deposition of Æthelred.
At some point in time, Ælfwald was closely related to Æthelbert.
At some point in time, Alhred and Æthelred were not closely related to Æthelbert.
At some point in time, medieval chroniclers noted that Æthelbert is said to have not "spared evil kings."
At some point in time, Æthelbert retired some time before his death.
At some point in time, Æthelbert consecrated Eanbald as his successor.
At some point in time, the exact date of Æthelbert's retirement is unclear.
At some point in time, Alcuin gives a date corresponding to July 778 for Æthelbert's retirement.
At some point in time, the date of Æthelbert's retirement could also be 777.
At some point in time, Eanbald's position may have just been as an associate bishop.
At some point in time, Æthelbert may have remained in office until his death while sharing the office with Eanbald.
At some point in time, during his retirement, Æthelbert constructed a new church dedicated to Alma Sophia.
At some point in time, Æthelbert lived long enough to consecrate the new church.
At some point in time, Æthelbert consecrated the new church ten days before his death on 8 November.