At some point in time, HMS Resolution was a Royal Sovereign-class pre-dreadnought battleship of the Royal Navy.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was built by Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company.
At some point in time, the keel of HMS Resolution was laid in June 1890.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was launched in May 1892.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was commissioned into the Channel Squadron in December 1892.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was armed with a main battery of four 13.5-inch guns.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was armed with a secondary battery of ten 6-inch guns.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution had a top speed of 16.5 knots.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution served with the Channel Squadron up to 1901.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution took part in the Diamond Jubilee Fleet Review.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution took part in a number of manoeuvres in the Atlantic.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution took part in a number of manoeuvres in the Southwest Approaches.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was recommissioned as a coast guard ship later in 1901.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution underwent a refit in 1903.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution served at Sheerness as a port guard ship.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution entered the Fleet Reserve at Chatham in June 1904.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution suffered damage while participating in combined manoeuvres in 1906.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was recommissioned into the Special Service Division of the Home Fleet in 1907.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was decommissioned in August 1911.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was laid up at Motherbank for disposal.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was sold for scrap in April 1914.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was towed to the Netherlands to be broken up in May 1914.
At some point in time, the Royal Sovereign-class battleships were based on Admiral-class barbette ships.
At some point in time, the Royal Sovereign-class battleships contained several alterations.
At some point in time, the freeboard of the Royal Sovereign-class battleships was raised.
At some point in time, the barbettes' armour of the Royal Sovereign-class battleships was extended.
At some point in time, an upper belt and secondary armour were added to the Royal Sovereign-class battleships.
At some point in time, the Royal Sovereign-class battleships could obtain a higher speed.
At some point in time, the Royal Sovereign-class battleships were 4,000 tonnes larger than Admiral-class barbette ships.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was 410 feet (120 m) long overall.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution had a beam of 75 feet.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution had a draft of 27 feet 6 inches.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution displaced up to 15,580 tonnes at her full combat load.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution's propulsion system consisted of two 3-cylinder triple expansion engines.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution's engines were powered by eight coal-fired cylindrical boilers.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution's engines provided a top speed of 15.5 knots at 9,000 indicated horsepower.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution could obtain a top speed of 16.5 knots at 11,000 indicated horsepower with forced draught.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution had a maximum complement of 712 officers and enlisted men.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution's crew in 1903 amounted to 672 people.
At some point in time, ships of the Royal Sovereign class rolled too heavily under certain conditions when built.
At some point in time, bilge keels were added to the Royal Sovereign-class battleships to compensate for the rolling problem.
At some point in time, the Royal Sovereign-class battleships proved to be excellent seaboats.
At some point in time, the Royal Sovereign-class battleships were capable of maintaining high speeds in a seaway.
At some point in time, the Royal Sovereign-class battleships were well-constructed.
At some point in time, the Royal Sovereign-class battleships were probably the most substantial built for the Royal Navy.
At some point in time, the Royal Sovereign-class battleships suffered from excessive weight and fittings.
At some point in time, R. A. Burt believed the Royal Sovereign-class battleships were highly successful.
At some point in time, R. A. Burt believed the Royal Sovereign-class battleships were probably unequalled in all-round fighting efficiency at that time.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was armed with four breech-loading 13.5-inch guns on two barbettes.
At some point in time, the armour of HMS Resolution's barbettes ranged from 11 to 17 inches in thickness.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution carried ten quick-fire (QF) 6-inch guns.
At some point in time, four of HMS Resolution's QF 6-inch guns were mounted in casemates on the main deck.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution carried sixteen QF 6-pounder Hotchkiss guns.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution carried twelve QF 3-pounder Hotchkiss guns.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was equipped with seven 18-inch torpedo tubes.
At some point in time, two of HMS Resolution's torpedo tubes were submerged.
At some point in time, the 3-pounder guns were removed from the upper tops of HMS Resolution between 1899 and 1902.
At some point in time, the above-water torpedo tubes were removed from HMS Resolution between 1902 and 1905.
At some point in time, the remaining 6-inch guns on HMS Resolution's upper deck were mounted on 5-inch armoured casemates between 1902 and 1904.
At some point in time, all of the armour for HMS Resolution was supplied by Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company.
At some point in time, the waterline belt of HMS Resolution was 252 feet long by 8 feet 8 inches deep.
At some point in time, the armour of HMS Resolution's waterline belt varied in thickness between 14 and 18 inches.
At some point in time, the bulkheads of HMS Resolution were protected by 14 to 16 inches of armour.
At some point in time, the middle deck covering the belt of HMS Resolution was 3 inches thick.
At some point in time, the lower deck forward and aft of the belt of HMS Resolution was 2.5 inches thick.
At some point in time, the upper belt of HMS Resolution between the middle and main decks was coated in 3 to 4 inches of armour.
At some point in time, the casemates for the 6-inch guns on HMS Resolution were protected by an equal thickness of armour.
At some point in time, the conning tower of HMS Resolution was protected with 14 inches of armour on the forward side.
At some point in time, the conning tower of HMS Resolution was protected with 3 inches of armour on the aft side.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution's armoured deck was 2.5 to 3 inches thick.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was built by Palmers Shipbuilding and Iron Company at a cost of £875,522.
At some point in time, the cost of guns for HMS Resolution was £78,295.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was laid down on 14 June 1890.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was launched on 28 May 1892.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was completed in November 1892.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution underwent trials in December 1893.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was commissioned at Portsmouth on 5 December 1893 for service in the Channel Squadron.
At some point in time, in early August 1894, HMS Resolution was a unit of "Fleet Red" in the annual manoeuvres held in the Southwest Approaches.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was recommissioned for further Channel Fleet service on 9 April 1895.
At some point in time, on 18 July 1896, HMS Resolution collided with her sister ship HMS Repulse.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution suffered slight plating and keel damage from the collision with HMS Repulse.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution took part in annual manoeuvres from 24 July 1896 to 30 July 1896.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution took part in annual manoeuvres off the south-west coasts of England and Ireland as part of "Fleet A".
At some point in time, on 26 June 1897, HMS Resolution was part of the Fleet Review at Spithead for the Diamond Jubilee of Queen Victoria.
At some point in time, from 29 July 1899 to 4 August 1899, HMS Resolution participated in annual manoeuvres in the Atlantic as part of "Fleet A".
At some point in time, in the summer of 1900, HMS Resolution took part in the annual manoeuvres in the Southwest Approaches in late July and early August.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was part of "Fleet A2" during the annual manoeuvres in the summer of 1900.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution paid off at Portsmouth on 9 October 1901.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was placed in reserve after paying off at Portsmouth.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was recommissioned to serve as a coast guard ship at Holyhead.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution had the officers and crew of the previous guardship, HMS Colossus.
At some point in time, on 8 April 1903, HMS Resolution paid off into reserve again to undergo a refit.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was recommissioned on 5 January 1904 to relieve battleship HMS Sans Pareil as port guard ship at Sheerness.
At some point in time, on 20 June 1904, HMS Resolution was transferred to the Fleet Reserve at Chatham.
At some point in time, in the summer of 1906, HMS Resolution took part in manoeuvres.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution suffered slight damage when she collided with her sister ship HMS Ramillies near the Tongue Lightship on 15 July 1906.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution underwent another refit at Chatham later in 1906.
At some point in time, on 12 February 1907, HMS Resolution transferred to the Special Service Division of the Home Fleet at Devonport.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution remained in the Special Service Division of the Home Fleet until 8 August 1911.
At some point in time, HMS Resolution was laid up at the Motherbank, awaiting disposal.
At some point in time, on 2 April 1914, HMS Resolution was sold as scrap for £35,650 to F. Rijsdijk.
At some point in time, in May 1914, HMS Resolution was towed to the Netherlands to be broken up.