At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was born Nils Johan Nilsen on 3 June 1894.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was born to a Norwegian family in Seljeskog in Salangen.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was the oldest of six children.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was a Norwegian-born Canadian ski jumper.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was a ski jumping organizer.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was among the world's best ski jumpers during the 1920s.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen held the world record of 73 meters from 1925 to 1930.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen moved with his family to Revelstoke, British Columbia, in 1913.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen became the town's best ski jumper.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen made his debut in the town's Big Hill in 1916.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen competed throughout Canada and the United States.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion five times.
Nels Nelsen was not allowed to participate in the 1928 Winter Olympics.
At some point in time, the officials did not find it suitable for Nels Nelsen to have to work his way to Switzerland.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen worked for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen moved to North Vancouver, British Columbia.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen raised a family in North Vancouver.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen lost his hand in a hunting accident in 1933.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was forced to retire as a ski jumper.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen continued as an organizer after his retirement.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was president of the Western Canada Amateur Ski Association.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was vice-president of the Canadian Amateur Ski Association.
At some point in time, The Big Hill was renamed Nels Nelsen Hill in 1948.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was inscribed in the U.S. National Ski Hall of Fame in 1971.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was inscribed in the Canadian Ski Hall of Fame in 1983.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was born in Salangen.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was an active skier and ski jumper as a child.
At some point in time, there were more than fifteen ski jumps located in the area where Nels Nelsen grew up.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen's family emigrated to Big Eddy near Revelstoke in 1913.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen anglicized his name after arriving in Canada.
At some point in time, Ivind Nilsen was Nels Nelsen's brother.
At some point in time, Ivind Nilsen was a champion ski jumper.
At some point in time, Ivind Nilsen became Boy's World Champion in 1922.
At some point in time, Ivind Nilsen chose not to anglicize his last name.
At some point in time, Ivind Nilsen was known for his supreme style.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was better known for his length in ski jumping.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen married Emma Pickard.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen had ten children with Emma Pickard.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen worked as a brakeman for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen worked as a conductor for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
At some point in time, the flexibility of the Canadian Pacific Railway made it easier for Nels Nelsen to participate in tournaments.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen won the home-town Winter Carnival Tournament in 1916.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen set the hill record of 56 meters in Big Hill in the inauguration tournament in 1916.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen held the hill record in Revelstoke until 1932.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen won the Championship of Canada Ski Jumping Contest in 1916.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen defended the Championship of Canada Ski Jumping Contest every year until 1920.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen set the Canadian amateur record in 1920.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen broke the Canadian amateur record in 1921.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen broke the Canadian amateur record in 1923.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was among the most successful jumpers in Canada from 1916 to 1925.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen took home most trophies during his career.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen placed pieces of lead at the front or back of the skies to improve his jumps.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen traveled throughout Canada and the United States to attend ski jumping competitions.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen attended competitions in Nelson, Trail, Rossland, Princeton, Kamloops, Sandon, Nakusp, Kimberley, and Cranbrook in British Columbia.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen attended tournaments in Calgary, Edmonton, Banff, and Camrose in Alberta.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen attended events in Ottawa and Montreal in eastern Canada.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen attended events in Mount Rainier and Leavenworth in Washington in the United States.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen attended events in Dillon, Steamboat Springs, and Denver in Colorado.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen attended events in Salt Lake City and Brattleboro, Vermont.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1917.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1918.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1919.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1920.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen became Canadian champion in 1922.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen's various best jumps were Canadian records from 1916 to 1932.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen set a world record at the Big Hill during the 1925 Winter Carnival Tournament.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was sick with influenza when he set the world record.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen jumped 73 meters during the world record jump.
At some point in time, the world record remained until it was broken by Adolph Badrut in 1930.
At some point in time, Adolph Badrut jumped 75 meters at Bernina-Roseg-Schanze in Switzerland.
At some point in time, Bob Lymburne jumped 82 meters in 1932.
At some point in time, Bob Lymburne claimed the world record for the Big Hill in 1932.
At some point in time, the record claimed by Bob Lymburne was accepted as a record.
At some point in time, it was not favored in Europe at the time to stress distance records.
At some point in time, it was regarded that simply building a larger hill would give a longer jump.
At some point in time, the records did not take style into consideration.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen and Melbourne McKenzie planned to travel to St. Moritz, Switzerland, to attend the 1928 Winter Olympics.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen and Melbourne McKenzie planned to work for their fare on a freighter.
At some point in time, officials from the British delegation stopped Nels Nelsen and Melbourne McKenzie's plans.
At some point in time, the British delegation felt it was inappropriate for Nels Nelsen and Melbourne McKenzie to work for their fare.
Nels Nelsen never competed in any Winter Olympics.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen kept his amateur status.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen did well against professionals when he competed against them.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen worked as a ski instructor in Quebec during the winter of 1932.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen lost an arm in a hunting accident in 1932.
Nels Nelsen never jumped again after losing his arm.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was instrumental in the establishment of Revelstoke Ski Club.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was instrumental in the establishment of the Big Hill located within Mount Revelstoke National Park.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen helped establish a ski jump in Grouse Mountain in North Vancouver in 1927.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen started working to establish Field Ski Club in Field, British Columbia, after his accident.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen spent time between trains while working to establish Field Ski Club.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen promoted a strict adherence to the amateur code.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen stated that debates regarding professionalism were disruptive for the United States National Ski Association.
At some point in time, the governing of skiing in Canada was traditionally split between the Canadian Amateur Ski Association and the Western Canada Amateur Ski Association.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was the president of the Western Canada Amateur Ski Association.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was part of the negotiation for an amalgamation of the Canadian Amateur Ski Association and the Western Canada Amateur Ski Association.
At some point in time, the negotiation for amalgamation took into consideration the needs of the western clubs.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen became vice-president of the Canadian Amateur Ski Association in 1934.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen died of heart failure in Field on 3 June 1943.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen died on his 49th birthday.
At some point in time, The Big Hill was expanded in 1948.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen Hill was named after Nels Nelsen in 1948.
At some point in time, Nels Nelsen was inscribed in the BC Sports Hall of Fame the year after he was inscribed in the Canadian Ski Hall of Fame.