At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" is a song by the English-Irish boy band One Direction.
At some point in time, One Direction released "Gotta Be You" from their debut studio album, Up All Night, in 2011.
At some point in time, August Rigo and Steve Mac wrote "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, Steve Mac produced "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, Syco Music released "Gotta Be You" in the United Kingdom in November 2011.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" was the second single from the album Up All Night.
At some point in time, The track "Gotta Be You" is a mid-tempo pop rock ballad.
At some point in time, The orchestral arrangement characterizes "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, The lyrical content of "Gotta Be You" is characterized by love sentiments.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" peaked at number three in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" marked One Direction's second top ten appearance in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" peaked at number 24 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart in the United States.
At some point in time, John Urbano directed the music video for "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, The music video for "Gotta Be You" depicts One Direction spending time on the banks of Lake Placid, New York.
At some point in time, One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" on televised programs.
At some point in time, One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" during their Up All Night Tour from 2011 to 2012.
One Direction finished third in the seventh series of The X Factor in 2010.
One Direction was signed to Syco Music after finishing third in The X Factor.
At some point in time, One Direction premiered "Gotta Be You" on BBC Radio 1 on 19 October 2011.
At some point in time, "What's Makes You Beautiful" topped the UK Singles Chart in September 2011.
At some point in time, Zayn Malik characterized "Gotta Be You" as "a bit more emotive" than "What's Makes You Beautiful."
At some point in time, Syco Music released "Gotta Be You" via digital download in Ireland on 11 November 2011.
At some point in time, Syco Music released "Gotta Be You" via digital download in the United Kingdom on 13 November 2011.
At some point in time, The digital download of "Gotta Be You" contains the principal recording.
At some point in time, The digital download of "Gotta Be You" contains its B-side, "Another World."
At some point in time, The digital download of "Gotta Be You" contains two remixes of the song itself.
At some point in time, "One Direction's vocal range in 'Gotta Be You' spans from the note of Eb4 to Eb6."
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" is written in the key of Ab major.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" is set in common time at a moderate tempo of 85 beats per minute.
At some point in time, The instrumentation of "Gotta Be You" includes a guitar.
At some point in time, The instrumentation of "Gotta Be You" includes piano lines.
At some point in time, The instrumentation of "Gotta Be You" includes abundant strings.
At some point in time, The chorus of "Gotta Be You" opens with falsettos.
At some point in time, The chorus of "Gotta Be You" is followed by vocal harmonies.
At some point in time, The lyrical content of "Gotta Be You" prominently revolves around the main declaration, "It's gotta be you, only you."
At some point in time, Brian Mansfield from USA Today appreciated the lyrical content of "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, Zachary Houle from PopMatters favored the instrumentation of "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, Jason Lipshutz from Billboard commended the vocal elements in the refrain of "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, Jason Lipshutz from Billboard commended the "smooth" lyricism of "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, Robert Copsey for Digital Spy opined that the memorable refrain of "Gotta Be You" is its strongest attribute.
At some point in time, Robert Copsey rated "Gotta Be You" four out of five stars.
At some point in time, Matthew Horton of Virgin Media classified "Gotta Be You" as one of the record's "superior tracks."
At some point in time, Matthew Horton credited "Gotta Be You" with keeping the album's "pecker up."
At some point in time, Sarah Kwong from Cosmopolitan lauded the lyrics of "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, Sarah Kwong from Cosmopolitan lauded the instrumentation of "Gotta Be You."
At some point in time, Sarah Kwong noted that "Gotta Be You" appeals to a more mature audience compared to "What's Makes You Beautiful."
At some point in time, Matthew Chisling for Allmusic described "Gotta Be You" as "a bit tepid."
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" debuted and peaked at number three on the Irish Singles Chart in the week ending 17 November 2011.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" marked One Direction's second top five appearance in Ireland.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" sold 59,461 copies in its first week in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" reached number one on the mid-week chart update in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" entered the UK Singles Chart dated 20 November 2011 at number three.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" entered the UK Singles Chart behind Rihanna's "We Found Love."
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" entered the UK Singles Chart behind Flo Rida's "Good Feeling."
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" was One Direction's third best-selling track in the UK by August 2012.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" did not enter the US Billboard Hot 100.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" peaked at number 24 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles chart in the week of 28 April 2012.
At some point in time, The music video for "Gotta Be You" premiered on 8 November 2011 on YouTube.
At some point in time, The music video for "Gotta Be You" predominantly depicts One Direction spending time on the banks of Lake Placid.
At some point in time, As of February 2016, the music video for "Gotta Be You" has garnered more than 180 million Vevo views.
At some point in time, In the music video for "Gotta Be You," One Direction meets girls in a camping spot in a forest.
At some point in time, In the music video for "Gotta Be You," One Direction watches fireworks as Zayn Malik walks towards his significant other.
At some point in time, In the music video for "Gotta Be You," Zayn Malik kisses his significant other.
At some point in time, The music video for "Gotta Be You" attracted positive commentary from fans of One Direction.
At some point in time, One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" for the first time on The X Factor UK on 13 November 2012.
At some point in time, One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" to open the BBC's Children in Need 2011 telethon on 19 November 2012.
At some point in time, One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" at Capital FM's Jingle Bell Ball on 4 December 2011.
At some point in time, One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" at The O2 Arena.
At some point in time, One Direction performed "Gotta Be You" during their first headlining concert tour, the Up All Night Tour.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" was performed as the sixth song on the set list during the Up All Night Tour.
At some point in time, "Gotta Be You" was performed in the second segment of the show’s synopsis during the Up All Night Tour.