At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is also known as the old age poem.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is also known as the New Sappho.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is a poem by the archaic Greek poet Sappho.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is part of fragment 58 in Eva-Maria Voigt's edition of Sappho.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is from Book IV of the Alexandrian edition of Sappho's poetry.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem has been partially known since 1922.
At some point in time, in 2004, more papyrus fragments were published.
At some point in time, the publication of more papyrus fragments in 2004 drew international media attention.
At some point in time, the publication of more papyrus fragments in 2004 almost completed the Tithonus poem.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is one of very few substantially complete poems by Sappho.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem deals with the effects of ageing.
At some point in time, there is scholarly debate about where the Tithonus poem ends.
At some point in time, four lines previously thought to have been part of the Tithonus poem are not found on the 2004 papyrus.
At some point in time, part of the Tithonus poem was originally published in 1922.
At some point in time, the original publication of part of the Tithonus poem was on a fragment of papyrus from Oxyrhynchus.
At some point in time, the fragment from Oxyrhynchus preserved part of 27 lines of Sappho's poetry.
At some point in time, the papyrus from Oxyrhynchus appears to be part of a copy of Book IV of the Alexandrian edition of Sappho's poetry.
At some point in time, all of the poems on the papyrus from Oxyrhynchus appear to be in the same metre.
At some point in time, the handwriting on the papyrus from Oxyrhynchus can be dated to the second century AD.
At some point in time, the papyrus from Oxyrhynchus is part of the collection of the Sackler Library in Oxford University.
At some point in time, in 2004, Martin Gronewald and Robert Daniel published three fragments of papyrus from the Cologne Papyrus Collection.
At some point in time, the three fragments published by Martin Gronewald and Robert Daniel provided the almost complete text to five stanzas of the Tithonus poem.
At some point in time, the Cologne papyrus is preserved on cartonnage.
At some point in time, the Cologne papyrus is from the early third century BC.
At some point in time, the Cologne papyrus is the oldest known papyrus containing a poem by Sappho.
At some point in time, the papyrus from Cologne is part of an anthology of poetry.
At some point in time, the poems in the anthology of poetry in the Cologne papyrus are grouped together by similar themes.
At some point in time, along with the Tithonus poem, two other poems are preserved on the Cologne papyrus published by Gronewald and Daniel.
At some point in time, one of the two other poems preserved on the Cologne papyrus is in the same metre as the Tithonus poem.
At some point in time, one of the two other poems preserved on the Cologne papyrus is written in a different hand and in a different metre.
At some point in time, the metre of the last poem preserved on the Cologne papyrus has characteristics which do not appear in any known metre used by the Lesbian poets.
At some point in time, the last poem preserved on the Cologne papyrus contains word forms which appear not to be in the Aeolic dialect used by Sappho.
At some point in time, the last poem preserved on the Cologne papyrus refers to the myth of Orpheus in a form not known to have existed in Sappho's time.
At some point in time, the last poem preserved on the Cologne papyrus cannot be by Sappho.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is twelve lines long.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is in a metre called "acephalous Hipponacteans with internal double-choriambic expansion."
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is the fourth poem by Sappho to be sufficiently complete to treat as an entire work.
At some point in time, the Ode to Aphrodite is one of the poems by Sappho that is sufficiently complete to treat as an entire work.
At some point in time, Fragment 16 is one of the poems by Sappho that is sufficiently complete to treat as an entire work.
At some point in time, Fragment 31 is one of the poems by Sappho that is sufficiently complete to treat as an entire work.
At some point in time, the Brothers Poem was discovered in 2014.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is written as an exhortation to a group of young women.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem puts forward the singer as an example to emulate.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem discusses the singer's old age.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem tells the audience that they too will grow old and lose their beauty.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem tells the audience that their musical abilities will be retained.
At some point in time, the Tithonus poem is one of a number of Sappho's poems which discuss old age.
At some point in time, the common name of the Tithonus poem comes from the Greek myth of Tithonus.
At some point in time, the Greek myth of Tithonus is mentioned in lines 9 to 12 of the Tithonus poem.
At some point in time, the story of Tithonus was popular in archaic Greek poetry.
At some point in time, the reference to Tithonus in the Tithonus poem seems out of place, according to Rawles.
At some point in time, Martin Litchfield West considers that the lines mentioning Tithonus seem like a weak ending to the Tithonus poem.
At some point in time, Tithonus functions as a parallel to Sappho in her old age.
At some point in time, the metre of the Tithonus poem was already known before the discovery of the Cologne papyrus.
At some point in time, the metre of the Tithonus poem is known from four quotations of Sappho.
At some point in time, two of the four quotations of Sappho are preserved in the Enchiridion of Hephaestion.
At some point in time, Hephaestion describes the metre of the Tithonus poem as aiolikon.
At some point in time, Hephaestion says that Sappho used the metre frequently.
At some point in time, the metre of the Tithonus poem is of the form "× ¯ ˘ ˘ ¯ ¯ ˘ ˘ ¯ ¯ ˘ ˘ ¯ ˘ ¯ ¯."
At some point in time, the metre of the Tithonus poem is part of the larger class of aeolic metres.
At some point in time, the poems in the metre of the Tithonus poem by Sappho are conventionally thought to have been from the fourth book of the Alexandrian edition.
At some point in time, no direct evidence confirms or denies that the poems in the metre of the Tithonus poem by Sappho are from the fourth book of the Alexandrian edition.
At some point in time, before the Cologne papyri were published in 2004, lines 11 to 26 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787 were considered to be a single poem.
At some point in time, lines 11 to 26 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787 are fragment 58 in the Lobel-Page numbering system.
At some point in time, lines 11 to 26 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787 are fragment 58 in the Voigt numbering system.
At some point in time, the poem on the Cologne papyrus only contains 12 lines.
At some point in time, the 12 lines of the poem on the Cologne papyrus begin with line 11 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787.
At some point in time, the beginning of the 12 lines of the poem on the Cologne papyrus confirms the long-standing suggestion that the poem began at line 11 of Papyrus Oxyrhynchus 1787.
At some point in time, the Cologne version of the poem is missing what were long believed to be the final four lines of the poem.
At some point in time, scholars disagree about how the missing four lines should be interpreted.
At some point in time, André Lardinois lists possible explanations for the interpretation of the missing four lines.
At some point in time, one possible explanation is that the Cologne papyrus did not contain the full poem, but only the first twelve lines.
At some point in time, one possible explanation is that the poem does end after line twelve and the final lines on the Oxyrhynchus papyrus were part of another poem.
At some point in time, one possible explanation is that there were two different endings for the poem, one at line twelve and one continuing on to line sixteen.
At some point in time, West argues that the four lines missing from the Cologne papyrus were part of a separate poem.
At some point in time, Lardinois comments that there is no evidence in the Oxyrhynchus papyrus to confirm or deny West's argument.
At some point in time, other scholars, including Gronewald and Daniel, believe that the Tithonus poem did continue for these four lines.
At some point in time, Lardinois suggests that there may have been two versions of the Tithonus poem current in antiquity.
At some point in time, one version of the Tithonus poem may end after the twelfth line.
At some point in time, another version of the Tithonus poem may continue to line 16.
At some point in time, Gregory Nagy agrees that there were two versions of the Tithonus poem appropriate for different performance contexts.
At some point in time, if the four contested lines were part of the Tithonus poem, the poem's tone would have changed significantly.
At some point in time, the sixteen-line version of the Tithonus poem has a much more optimistic ending than the twelve-line version.
At some point in time, the sixteen-line version of the Tithonus poem expresses hope for an afterlife.
At some point in time, the publication of the Cologne papyri in 2004 made the Tithonus poem almost complete.
At some point in time, the publication of the Cologne papyri in 2004 drew international attention from both scholars and the popular press.
At some point in time, the discovery of the Cologne papyri was covered in newspapers in the US.
At some point in time, the discovery of the Cologne papyri was covered in newspapers in the UK.
At some point in time, the discovery of the Cologne papyri was covered online.
At some point in time, the Daily Telegraph described the discovery of the Cologne papyri as "the rarest of gifts."
At some point in time, Marylin Skinner said that the discovery of the Cologne papyri was the find of a lifetime for classicists.
At some point in time, since the discovery of the Cologne papyri, there has been a significant amount of scholarship on the Tithonus poem.
At some point in time, at the 138th annual meeting of the American Philological Association, two separate panels discussed the Tithonus poem.
At some point in time, papers based on the panels at the 138th annual meeting of the American Philological Association were later published as The New Sappho on Old Age.
At some point in time, The New Sappho on Old Age was edited by Marylin Skinner and Ellen Greene.
At some point in time, at least two other collections of essays on the Cologne papyri have been published.