At some point in time, the 82nd Boat Race took place on 12 April 1930.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
At some point in time, the Boat Race takes place along the River Thames.
At some point in time, the race was umpired by Charles Burnell.
At some point in time, Cambridge won the race by two lengths.
At some point in time, Cambridge completed the race in a time of 19 minutes 9 seconds.
At some point in time, Cambridge's victory was their seventh consecutive victory.
At some point in time, Cambridge's victory brought the overall record to 41 victories for Cambridge and 40 victories for Oxford.
At some point in time, it was the first time in 68 years that Cambridge held the lead in the overall record.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is held annually.
At some point in time, the Boat Race was first held in 1829.
At some point in time, since 1845, the Boat Race has taken place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course.
At some point in time, the Championship Course is located on the River Thames in southwest London.
At some point in time, the rivalry between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge is a major point of honour.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, as of 2014, the Boat Race is broadcast worldwide.
At some point in time, Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions.
At some point in time, Cambridge won the 1929 race by ten lengths.
At some point in time, the overall record was tied on 40 victories each before the 1930 race.
At some point in time, the "dead heat" of 1877 is excluded from the overall record.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by Francis Escombe.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by J. C. Holcroft.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by J. A. MacNabb.
At some point in time, J. A. MacNabb had rowed in the 1924 race.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by P. H. Thomas.
At some point in time, P. H. Thomas was a four-time Blue between 1902 and 1905.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included Stanley Garton.
At some point in time, Stanley Garton had rowed three times between 1909 and 1911.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included P. C. Mallam.
At some point in time, P. C. Mallam was a Dark Blue from 1921 to 1924 inclusive.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included Arthur Wiggins.
At some point in time, Arthur Wiggins had rowed for Oxford in the 1912, 1913, and 1914 races.
At some point in time, Charles Burnell was the umpire for the fourth consecutive year.
At some point in time, Charles Burnell had rowed for Oxford in the 1895, 1896, 1897, and 1898 races.
At some point in time, Charles Kent was the finishing judge for the third consecutive year.
At some point in time, Charles Kent had rowed for Oxford in the 1891 race.
At some point in time, the rowing correspondent for The Times stated that the Cambridge Trial Eights were not comparable with those of the past four years.
At some point in time, the rowing correspondent for The Times stated that Oxford had better Trial Eights than for many years past.
At some point in time, Oxford broke the record to the Mile Post by four seconds during practice rows.
At some point in time, Cambridge was considered slightly the faster crew.
At some point in time, Oxford was coming on as a crew.
At some point in time, both crews rowed in boats built by Sims brothers of Putney.
At some point in time, both crews used Aylings oars.
At some point in time, the Cambridge crew weighed an average of 12 st 8 lb (79.6 kg).
At some point in time, the average weight of the Cambridge crew was 1.5 pounds (0.7 kg) per rower more than the average weight of the Oxford crew.
At some point in time, Oxford saw two rowers return for the 1930 race.
At some point in time, Hugh Edwards was one of the returning rowers for Oxford.
At some point in time, D. E. Tinne was one of the returning rowers for Oxford.
At some point in time, Cambridge's boat contained three participants with Boat Race experience.
At some point in time, Michael Warriner was an Olympic gold medallist.
At some point in time, Michael Warriner was a participant in the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, J. B. Collins was a participant in the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, J. B. Collins was making his third consecutive appearance in the Boat Race.
At some point in time, Robert Egerton Swartwout was registered as a non-British participant in the race.
At some point in time, Robert Egerton Swartwout was the American cox for Cambridge.
At some point in time, Oxford won the toss before the race.
At some point in time, Oxford elected to start from the Surrey station.
At some point in time, Cambridge was handed the Middlesex side of the river.
At some point in time, the umpire Charles Burnell started the race at 12:30 p.m.
At some point in time, the Light Blues made a smoother start than Oxford.
At some point in time, Oxford held a one-third length lead after one minute.
At some point in time, Oxford extended their lead to two-thirds of a length by Craven Steps.
At some point in time, the bend in the river favoured Cambridge.
At some point in time, Cambridge halved Oxford's lead by the Mile Post.
At some point in time, the Dark Blues led by the length of a canvas by the Mile Post.
At some point in time, Oxford's stroke Martineau responded to a push from Cambridge.
At some point in time, Oxford was nearly a length ahead as both crews passed the Harrods Furniture Depository.
At some point in time, a spurt from the Light Blues reduced Oxford's lead to one-third of a length by Hammersmith Bridge.
At some point in time, Oxford reduced their stroke rate to cope with rough water.
At some point in time, Oxford increased their lead to three-quarters of a length by Chiswick Eyot.
At some point in time, Oxford's lead was back to a half-length by Chiswick Steps.
At some point in time, Cambridge coped better in the conditions than Oxford.
At some point in time, Cambridge closed the gap along Duke's Meadows.
At some point in time, the crews raced stroke for stroke along Duke's Meadows.
At some point in time, the Light Blues took the lead along Duke's Meadows.
At some point in time, the crews passed below Barnes Bridge with Cambridge holding a length's advantage.
At some point in time, Cambridge out-rated their opponents.
At some point in time, Oxford kept rowing to the end of the race.
At some point in time, Cambridge's victory was the eleventh in the previous twelve years.
At some point in time, the winning time of 19 minutes 9 seconds was the fastest since the 1924 race.
At some point in time, the winning time of 19 minutes 9 seconds was the fifth-fastest time in the history of the event.
At some point in time, the rowing correspondent for The Times suggested that the year 1930 was one of the exceptional years for the Boat Race.
At some point in time, the vast crowds who swarm on the towpath are more than rewarded for the years of waiting.
At some point in time, Cambridge men will rejoice to see courage and skill animating a losing crew.
At some point in time, during the course of the race, a spectator boat became waterlogged.
At some point in time, eight people were taken to hospital due to the waterlogged spectator boat.