At some point in time, "Stephen" is a song by American recording artist and songwriter Kesha.
At some point in time, "Stephen" is taken from Kesha's debut studio album Animal.
At some point in time, The song was written by Kesha in collaboration with David Gamson, Pebe Sebert, and Oliver Leiber.
At some point in time, David Gamson produced "Stephen."
At some point in time, Oliver Leiber did additional production for "Stephen."
At some point in time, David Gamson played all the instruments on "Stephen," except for the accordion.
At some point in time, Kesha played the accordion on "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha wrote "Stephen" about a boy that Kesha had been stalking.
At some point in time, The boy that Kesha had been stalking refused to call Kesha.
At some point in time, "Stephen" is a dance-pop song.
At some point in time, "Stephen" incorporates elements of country music.
At some point in time, "Stephen" received some positive reviews from music critics upon its release.
At some point in time, After the release of Animal for download, "Stephen" charted on the lower regions of the South Korea Gaon International Chart.
At some point in time, A music video for "Stephen" was released on the repackaging of Kesha's debut album, Animal + Cannibal.
At some point in time, Kesha Sebert wrote "Stephen" in collaboration with her mother Pebe Sebert, David Gamson, and Oliver Leiber.
At some point in time, Kesha commenced the recording of "Stephen" at ACME Recording in Long Island, California.
At some point in time, Kesha commenced the recording of "Stephen" at Ollywood Studios in Hollywood, California.
At some point in time, Kesha told Rolling Stone that "Stephen" was one of her favorite tracks on the album.
At some point in time, Kesha explained that "Stephen" stemmed from her experiences with a man that she had been stalking since she was 15.
At some point in time, Kesha wrote "Stephen" when she was sixteen.
At some point in time, Kesha found David Gamson to produce "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha described David Gamson as amazing and a crazy cynical genius guy.
At some point in time, Kesha was inspired to write "Stephen" after continual rejection from the protagonist in the song, Stephen.
At some point in time, Kesha told MTV that she wrote "Stephen" about a guy that she had been stalking since she was 15.
At some point in time, Kesha described the guy she was stalking as a total loser.
At some point in time, Kesha expressed excitement for the song "Stephen."
At some point in time, In February 2010, Stephen attended one of Kesha's concerts.
At some point in time, Kesha recalled that Stephen came to see her show at a huge gay bar in New York.
At some point in time, Kesha described the concert experience as totally off the chain.
At some point in time, Stephen got up on stage and took all his clothes off except his underwear.
At some point in time, Stephen started making out with a transgender person.
At some point in time, Kesha questioned if she had been barking up the wrong genre of tree.
At some point in time, "Stephen" is composed in the dance-pop genre.
At some point in time, "Stephen" is written in the key of D major.
At some point in time, The tempo of "Stephen" moves at 100 beats per minute.
At some point in time, Kesha's vocal range in "Stephen" spans from the lower note of E3 to the higher note of D5.
At some point in time, The lyrics of "Stephen" begin with Kesha singing "Stephen, Stephen, why won't you call me?"
At some point in time, The lyrics of "Stephen" depict the tale of Kesha stalking her crush, Stephen.
At some point in time, "Stephen" opens with layered a cappella harmonies.
At some point in time, "Stephen" transitions into a dominantly driven pop song.
At some point in time, Kesha stated that "Stephen" showcases her more vulnerable side.
At some point in time, Kesha stated that "Stephen" encompasses humor throughout its lyrics.
At some point in time, Fraser McAlpine of BBC called "Stephen" a vulnerable ode to an unreliable crush.
At some point in time, Daniel Brockman of The Phoenix thought that the lyrics of "Stephen" were an ode to forcing sexual advances on a high-school history teacher.
At some point in time, Andrew Burgess of musicOMH wrote that "Stephen" tells the story of a guy Kesha can't bag.
At some point in time, Ann Powers of the Los Angeles Times felt that "Stephen" was experimental.
At some point in time, Ann Powers compared "Stephen" to the group Animal Collective.
At some point in time, "Stephen" received positive comments from music critics.
At some point in time, Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music used "Stephen" as an example of songs on Animal that exemplified Kesha's vocals.
At some point in time, Fraser McAlpine described "Stephen" as having beautiful layered a cappella harmonies.
At some point in time, Daniel Brockman of The Boston Phoenix wrote that there is plenty of room for dumb pop if it is done well.
At some point in time, Daniel Brockman described "Stephen" as an ode to forcing sexual advances on a high-school history teacher.
At some point in time, Ann Powers of the Los Angeles Times listed "Stephen" as one of the songs that exemplified the album's more experimental side.
At some point in time, Andrew Burgess of musicOMH wrote that the album was composed of obligatory ballads.
At some point in time, Andrew Burgess used "Stephen" as an example of the album's ballads.
At some point in time, Andrew Burgess stated that Kesha might be a more complex and multi-faceted party girl than she seems on the surface.
At some point in time, Digital Spy commented that Kesha uses the album to show her vulnerable side.
At some point in time, Digital Spy stated that Kesha admits she can't take rejection on the country-tinged "Stephen."
At some point in time, A music video for "Stephen" was directed by the production team Skinny.
At some point in time, The music video for "Stephen" was released on the deluxe repacking of Kesha's debut album, Animal.
At some point in time, The music video for "Stephen" was uploaded to Kesha's Vevo account on April 4, 2011.
At some point in time, The music video for "Stephen" is composed of still shots.
At some point in time, The music video for "Stephen" shows Kesha going to extreme lengths to show Stephen how much she feels for him.
At some point in time, The music video for "Stephen" opens with Kesha looking through a scrapbook.
At some point in time, The music video for "Stephen" depicts Kesha's interactions with Stephen.
At some point in time, The first setting of the music video for "Stephen" is located at a bar.
At some point in time, Kesha gets into a verbal altercation with Stephen's girlfriend in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha later leaves with the then unconscious Stephen in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha takes Stephen back to her house to take pictures of him in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha cuts off some of Stephen's hair for her shrine in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha duct-tapes Stephen and locks him in her closet in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Stephen later escapes from the closet in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha is distraught after Stephen escapes in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha builds another man out of a dummy in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha uses the hair she clipped earlier to bring the dummy to a bar in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha gets into another altercation with the dummy in the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, Kesha leaves the dummy in the street at the end of the music video for "Stephen."
At some point in time, "Stephen" has a duration of 3 minutes and 32 seconds.
At some point in time, "Stephen" debuted and peaked at number eighty-nine on the South Korea Gaon International Songs Chart.
At some point in time, "Stephen" was the ninth highest debuting album track from its parent album.