At some point in time, "The Set Up" is the 13th episode of the second season of the American comedy television series Parks and Recreation.
At some point in time, "The Set Up" is the nineteenth overall episode of the series.
At some point in time, "The Set Up" originally aired on NBC in the United States on January 14, 2010.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope is set up on a blind date with an MRI technologist.
At some point in time, the MRI technologist is played by Will Arnett.
At some point in time, Will Arnett is Amy Poehler's then-husband.
At some point in time, the episode was directed by Troy Miller.
At some point in time, the episode was written by Katie Dippold.
At some point in time, "The Set Up" features guest appearances by Justin Theroux.
At some point in time, Justin Theroux portrays a love interest for Leslie Knope.
At some point in time, Ben Schwartz plays Tom's fast-talking friend Jean-Ralphio.
At some point in time, according to Nielsen Media Research, "The Set Up" was seen by 4.59 million households.
At some point in time, the viewership of "The Set Up" was considered consistent with other second season episodes.
At some point in time, "The Set Up" received generally positive reviews.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope learns that Pawnee is being sued by the previous owners of the lot where she is seeking to build a park.
At some point in time, Ann Perkins refers Leslie Knope to her lawyer friend Justin Anderson.
At some point in time, Justin Anderson is portrayed by Justin Theroux.
At some point in time, Ann Perkins calls Justin Anderson "the greatest guy ever."
At some point in time, Justin Anderson helps Leslie Knope resolve the issue.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope and Justin Anderson seem to get along very well together.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope has recently broken up with her boyfriend.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope asks Ann Perkins to set her up on a date.
At some point in time, Ann Perkins hesitates to set Leslie Knope up with Justin Anderson.
At some point in time, Ann Perkins arranges a date for Leslie Knope with Chris.
At some point in time, Chris is an MRI technologist.
At some point in time, Chris works with Ann Perkins.
At some point in time, the date between Leslie Knope and Chris goes poorly.
At some point in time, Chris appears annoyed upon learning that Leslie Knope attended a rival college.
At some point in time, Chris is annoyed that Leslie Knope was a director of regular parks, not amusement parks.
At some point in time, Chris takes Leslie Knope to the hospital to receive an MRI.
At some point in time, Chris makes uncomfortable comments about Leslie Knope's uterus.
At some point in time, Chris remarks that Leslie Knope could easily have triplets right off the bat.
At some point in time, Chris asks Leslie Knope whether she is having her period.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope rejects Chris's advances when the date ends.
At some point in time, Chris makes an angry goodbye to Leslie Knope.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope still needs to give Chris a ride home.
At some point in time, Mark Brendanawicz grows suspicious that Ann Perkins harbors romantic feelings for Justin Anderson.
At some point in time, Mark Brendanawicz confronts Ann Perkins.
At some point in time, Mark Brendanawicz accuses Ann Perkins of trying to save Justin Anderson for a possible relationship in the future.
At some point in time, Mark Brendanawicz asks Ann Perkins's ex-boyfriend Andy about Ann Perkins's feelings for Justin Anderson.
At some point in time, Andy recalls Ann Perkins's infatuation with Justin Anderson.
At some point in time, Andy scolds Ann Perkins for hurting Mark Brendanawicz's feelings.
At some point in time, Andy tries to trick Ann Perkins into thinking she was still dating him.
At some point in time, the trick does not work on Ann Perkins.
At some point in time, Ann Perkins realizes her behavior was inappropriate.
At some point in time, Ann Perkins sets Leslie Knope up on a date with Justin Anderson.
At some point in time, Ron Swanson deals with complaints from local residents.
At some point in time, the complaints are due to a new town policy requiring public officials to deal more directly with the public.
At some point in time, Ron Swanson calls the policy "my hell."
At some point in time, Ron Swanson seeks a new assistant to protect him from the citizens.
At some point in time, Tom Haverford volunteers to find Ron Swanson an assistant.
At some point in time, during job interviews, Tom Haverford asks questions about real-world expertise.
At some point in time, Tom Haverford asks what tie he should wear to the club.
At some point in time, Tom Haverford asks what to text girls after a party.
At some point in time, Tom Haverford brings forward a candidate named Jean-Ralphio.
At some point in time, Jean-Ralphio's personality closely resembles Tom Haverford's.
At some point in time, Ron Swanson hates Jean-Ralphio right away.
At some point in time, April Ludgate draws attention around the office for showing up late.
At some point in time, April Ludgate slacks off at work.
At some point in time, April Ludgate insists she cannot wait to leave the parks department.
At some point in time, April Ludgate spends time with Andy Dwyer at the town hall shoeshine stand.
At some point in time, April Ludgate decides she wants to stay closer to Andy Dwyer.
At some point in time, April Ludgate volunteers to be Ron Swanson's assistant.
At some point in time, April Ludgate convinces Andy Dwyer to sell his band's CDs at the hall.
At some point in time, selling Andy Dwyer's band's CDs at the hall proves successful.
At some point in time, April Ludgate slams the door on Tom Haverford while he tries to talk to them.
At some point in time, Ron Swanson immediately hires April Ludgate.
At some point in time, "The Set Up" was directed by Troy Miller.
At some point in time, "The Set Up" was written by Katie Dippold.
At some point in time, "The Set Up" featured guest appearances by Will Arnett as MRI technologist Chris.
At some point in time, Justin Theroux portrayed Ann Perkins's lawyer friend Justin Anderson.
At some point in time, Will Arnett is the real-life husband of Amy Poehler.
At some point in time, Amy Poehler plays protagonist Leslie Knope.
At some point in time, Michael Schur arranged for Will Arnett to be on the show.
At some point in time, Michael Schur is a good friend of Will Arnett.
At some point in time, Michael Schur felt Will Arnett would be a good fit for the character.
At some point in time, the date scenes marked the second on-screen pairing between a Parks and Recreation actor and their real-life spouse.
At some point in time, Megan Mullally is the wife of actor Nick Offerman.
At some point in time, Megan Mullally guest-starred as Ron Swanson's ex-wife Tammy in the episode "Ron and Tammy."
At some point in time, Justin Theroux was slated to make appearances in multiple Parks and Recreation episodes.
At some point in time, Will Arnett was scheduled to appear only in "The Set Up."
At some point in time, "The Set Up" marked the first of several recurring appearances by Ben Schwartz as Tom Haverford's friend Jean-Ralphio Saperstein.
At some point in time, Michael Schur said the character Jean-Ralphio was invented because the Parks and Recreation staff liked the actor.
At some point in time, the Parks and Recreation staff tried to find a way to work Jean-Ralphio into the show.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope had a large framed photo of Dave Sanderson at the start of the episode.
At some point in time, Dave Sanderson is the Pawnee police officer Leslie Knope had recently broken up with.
At some point in time, Dave Sanderson was played by stand-up comedian Louis C.K. in several Parks and Recreation episodes.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope said she wanted somebody with the brains of film star George Clooney.
At some point in time, Leslie Knope said she wanted somebody with the body of Joe Biden.
At some point in time, Joe Biden is the 67-year-old Vice President of the United States.
At some point in time, April Ludgate said she was late for work because she had to finish watching the 2002 teenage horror film Swimfan.
At some point in time, "The Set Up" was seen by 4.59 million households in its original American broadcast.
At some point in time, "The Set Up" drew a 2.1 rating/6 share among viewers aged between 18 and 49.
At some point in time, Sandra Gonzalez favorably compared the on-screen pairing of Amy Poehler and Will Arnett to the comedic chemistry between Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt.
At some point in time, Brad Pitt guest-starred on the sitcom Friends.
At some point in time, Sandra Gonzalez said the Poehler and Arnett scenes were "the best worst first date I’d seen on TV in a while."
At some point in time, Sandra Gonzalez said she continued to be bored by the subplots involving Ann Perkins and Mark Brendanawicz.
At some point in time, Steve Heisler complimented "The Set Up."
At some point in time, Steve Heisler said the characters played off each other well.
At some point in time, Steve Heisler added that the episode felt a little too plot-driven to ascend to A-material heights.
At some point in time, Steve Heisler particularly praised the performances of Chris Pratt and Will Arnett.
At some point in time, Steve Heisler said Chris Pratt displayed a subtler sense of humor than in his role on the television series Arrested Development.
At some point in time, Kona Gallagher praised "The Set Up."
At some point in time, Kona Gallagher said she was glad the writers found a reason to keep April Ludgate in the show.
At some point in time, Kona Gallagher said the jealousy issue was handled well between Mark Brendanawicz and Ann Perkins.
At some point in time, Kona Gallagher gave the impression of true feelings between the characters.
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall praised the decision of April Ludgate becoming Ron Swanson's assistant.
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall praised the comedic potential of the duo of April Ludgate and Ron Swanson.
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall said Justin Theroux was charming and funny.
At some point in time, Alan Sepinwall said Will Arnett didn't quite fit into the show's low-key, naturalistic vibe.
At some point in time, "The Set Up," along with the other 23 second season episodes of Parks and Recreation, was released on a four-disc DVD set in the United States.
At some point in time, the DVD included deleted scenes for each episode.