At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng is a black-and-white drama film from the Dutch East Indies.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng is now known as Indonesia.
At some point in time, Boen Kin Nam directed Mega Mendoeng.
At some point in time, Ang Hock Liem produced Mega Mendoeng for Union Films.
At some point in time, Rd Soekarno stars in Mega Mendoeng.
At some point in time, Oedjang stars in Mega Mendoeng.
At some point in time, Boen Sofiati stars in Mega Mendoeng.
At some point in time, Soehaena stars in Mega Mendoeng.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng follows two young lovers who are separated by lies.
At some point in time, The two young lovers ultimately reunite at the village of Mega Mendoeng in Bogor.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng is Union's seventh production.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng is Union's final production.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was shot concurrently with Soeara Berbisa.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was completed over a period of three months.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was released in early 1942.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was screened as late as July 1942.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng may now be lost.
At some point in time, Raden Koesoema tells Winanta that Winanta should divorce Retnaningsih.
At some point in time, Raden Koesoema tells Winanta that he should marry Fatimah.
At some point in time, Raden Koesoema threatens Winanta with disownment.
At some point in time, Retnaningsih decides to abandon Winanta.
At some point in time, Retnaningsih moves from Bandung to Batavia.
At some point in time, Retnaningsih lives a life of poverty in Batavia.
At some point in time, Raden Koesoema uses Retnaningsih's decision as proof that she is not trustworthy.
At some point in time, Winanta falls into despair.
At some point in time, Winanta eventually marries Fatimah.
At some point in time, Eighteen years later, Winanta and Fatimah have a daughter named Koestini.
At some point in time, Koestini is studying in Batavia.
At some point in time, Koestini is educated.
At some point in time, Koestini is graceful.
At some point in time, Koestini is beautiful.
At some point in time, Koestini is popular with young men.
At some point in time, Koestini only returns the affections of Soedjono.
At some point in time, Soedjono is a young assistant pharmacist.
At some point in time, Soedjono is polite.
At some point in time, Soedjono is refined.
At some point in time, Soekatma decides to ruin Koestini and Soedjono's relationship.
At some point in time, Soekatma tells Winanta that Koestini has spent all of her time chasing boys.
At some point in time, Winanta believes Soekatma's lies.
At some point in time, Winanta recalls Koestini to Bandung.
At some point in time, Koestini falls ill.
At some point in time, Koestini's death is reported.
At some point in time, Soedjono is driven mad by the news of Koestini's death.
At some point in time, Soedjono begins wandering aimlessly.
At some point in time, Soedjono discovers Koestini alive in a village called Mega Mendoeng.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng is near Bogor.
At some point in time, Soedjono's discovery brings him back to his senses.
At some point in time, Soedjono and Koestini are able to live happily together.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was directed by Boen Kin Nam for Union Films.
At some point in time, Union Films is a production house based out of Batavia.
At some point in time, Tjoa Ma Tjoen ran Union Films.
At some point in time, Ang Hock Liem financed Union Films.
At some point in time, Boen Kin Nam was a sound technician by training.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was Boen Kin Nam's only full directorial credit.
At some point in time, Ang Hock Liem served as producer of Mega Mendoeng.
At some point in time, The film was announced in September 1941.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was produced concurrently with Soeara Berbisa.
At some point in time, Boen Kin Nam acted as assistant director on Soeara Berbisa.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was completed by December 1941.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was completed after Soeara Berbisa.
At some point in time, The black-and-white film starred Rd Soekarno, Oedjang, Boen Sofiati, and Soehaena.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng also featured Ratna Djoewita.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng also featured Ratnasih.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng also featured Gamari Fadjar.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng also featured Moesa.
At some point in time, Oedjang had acted for Union since its first film, Kedok Ketawa.
At some point in time, Kedok Ketawa was released in 1940.
At some point in time, Soekarno and Soehaena made their debuts in Soeara Berbisa.
At some point in time, Sofiati was a stage actress who operated her own troupe.
At some point in time, Sofiati was a newcomer to cinema.
At some point in time, The cast of Mega Mendoeng was of various socio-economic backgrounds.
At some point in time, The cast of Mega Mendoeng included noblemen.
At some point in time, The cast of Mega Mendoeng included stage actors.
At some point in time, Union stated that Mega Mendoeng was made along realist lines.
At some point in time, Union aimed Mega Mendoeng at educated viewers.
At some point in time, The inclusion of stage actors entertained lower class audiences.
At some point in time, Misbach Yusa Biran suggests that Union's statement was untrue.
At some point in time, Mega Mendoeng was the seventh and final film completed by Union.
At some point in time, A Japanese invasion was looming in early 1942.
At some point in time, The February 1942 edition of the film magazine Pertjatoeran Doenia dan Film reported that several studios would move away from Batavia.
At some point in time, Several studios would go on a production hiatus.
At some point in time, Union was already beginning production of a film titled Damar Woelan.
At some point in time, Damar Woelan is set in the Majapahit era.
At some point in time, Union was forced to close shop.
Union never reopened.
At some point in time, Soekarno returned to the film industry in the 1950s.
At some point in time, Soekarno was active in the film industry until the 1970s.
At some point in time, Soekarno was mostly credited as Rendra Karno.
At some point in time, Movies in the Indies were recorded on highly flammable nitrate film.
At some point in time, A fire destroyed much of Produksi Film Negara's warehouse in 1952.
At some point in time, Old films shot on nitrate were deliberately destroyed.
At some point in time, Karl G. Heider suggests that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost.
At some point in time, J.B. Kristanto's Katalog Film Indonesia records several films as having survived.
At some point in time, Several films are recorded as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives.
At some point in time, Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived.
At some point in time, Several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.