At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" is the 21st episode of the third season of Lost.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" is the 70th episode of the series Lost.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" was written by co-executive producers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" was directed by supervising producer Stephen Williams.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" first aired on May 16, 2007, on ABC in the United States.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" first aired on May 16, 2007, on CTV in Canada.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" was viewed by 12 million Americans.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" was well received by critics.
At some point in time, Lost's editors received a Golden Reel Award nomination.
At some point in time, the episode takes place on December 22, 2004.
At some point in time, the episode takes place 92 days after the crash of Oceanic Airlines Flight 815.
At some point in time, a group of survivors prepares for an upcoming raid on their camp by the "Others."
At some point in time, the rest of the survivors prepare to contact a nearby freighter.
At some point in time, Charlie Pace recounts the five greatest moments of his life.
At some point in time, Charlie Pace's greatest moments are depicted in flashbacks.
At some point in time, Charlie Pace prepares to fulfill Desmond Hume's premonitions of his death.
At some point in time, Ben Linus orders ten of the Others to go to the survivors' camp to kidnap any pregnant women that night.
At some point in time, Ben Linus orders the Others to go to the survivors' camp a night earlier than scheduled.
At some point in time, Alex persuades her boyfriend Karl to canoe to the survivors' beach to warn them.
At some point in time, Jack Shephard plans to kill the ambushing Others with dynamite.
At some point in time, Jack Shephard retrieves dynamite from island resident Danielle Rousseau.
At some point in time, Sayid Jarrah, Jin Kwon, and Bernard Nadler are selected to stay behind.
At some point in time, Sayid Jarrah, Jin Kwon, and Bernard Nadler will shoot the dynamite-rigged tents when the Others arrive.
At some point in time, Desmond tells Charlie about his latest premonition.
At some point in time, Desmond's premonition states that Claire Littleton and her baby Aaron will escape the island via helicopter.
At some point in time, Desmond's premonition states that Charlie must flip a switch in a Dharma Initiative station and drown.
At some point in time, Sayid tells Jack that he may be able to communicate with the freighter.
At some point in time, the freighter is roughly 130 kilometers offshore.
At some point in time, Sayid can use the satellite phone of Naomi Dorrit to communicate with the freighter.
At some point in time, Naomi Dorrit is a woman working with those on the boat.
At some point in time, Sayid must go to the radio tower to disable Rousseau's distress signal.
At some point in time, Juliet Burke informs Sayid that the underwater "Looking Glass" is blocking outgoing transmissions.
At some point in time, Sayid realizes that a cable he found seventy days before connects to the station.
At some point in time, Sayid realizes they will need someone to go on a probable suicide mission to the station.
At some point in time, Charlie volunteers to go on the probable suicide mission to the station.
At some point in time, Naomi tells Charlie that his band Drive Shaft released a successful greatest hits album after the crash of Flight 815.
At some point in time, flashbacks show Charlie's greatest hits of his life in descending order.
At some point in time, Charlie writes down his greatest hits and gives them to Desmond for Claire.
At some point in time, the first greatest hit is the first time Charlie heard his band's breakout song on the radio.
At some point in time, the second greatest hit is when Simon taught Charlie how to swim at Butlins.
At some point in time, the third greatest hit is when Liam gave Charlie their grandfather Dextor Stratton's "DS" ring as a Christmas present.
At some point in time, the fourth greatest hit is when Charlie saved a woman from being mugged and was called a hero.
At some point in time, the fifth greatest hit is when Charlie met Claire the night following the crash.
At some point in time, before paddling out to the Looking Glass, Charlie assures Claire that he will be fine.
At some point in time, Charlie kisses Claire goodbye before leaving.
At some point in time, Charlie leaves his ring in Aaron's crib.
At some point in time, Charlie knocks Desmond out with an oar after arriving over the station.
At some point in time, Charlie dives into the water after knocking Desmond out.
At some point in time, Charlie enters the station after diving underwater.
At some point in time, two Others named Greta and Bonnie appear with guns aimed at Charlie.
At some point in time, most of the island scenes were filmed from April 9, 2007, to April 12, 2007.
At some point in time, a detailed episode synopsis was uploaded online before the episode aired.
At some point in time, Disney investigated the leak of the episode synopsis.
At some point in time, the name of the Dharma station in the episode is an allusion to Lewis Carroll's novel Through the Looking-Glass.
At some point in time, Dominic Monaghan was inspired by Leonardo DiCaprio's underwater performance in Titanic.
At some point in time, Dominic Monaghan opened his mouth briefly underwater to appear under greater duress.
At some point in time, this episode began the resolution of the story arc about Desmond's prophecy regarding Charlie's inevitable death.
At some point in time, the story arc about Desmond's prophecy began earlier in the season.
At some point in time, the story arc about Desmond's prophecy would ultimately end in the finale.
At some point in time, the storyline was conceived while producing the latter part of the second season.
At some point in time, the writers were brainstorming ideas for a new storyline for Charlie.
At some point in time, Desmond could have had flashes of the future about anyone.
At some point in time, Charlie was chosen over a less significant character for the storyline.
At some point in time, the writers wanted the story to have higher stakes.
At some point in time, the writers decided it would be a great way to bring out the heroic side of Charlie.
At some point in time, Charlie is the only character to die willingly.
At some point in time, the writers believed that Charlie always was a good person.
At some point in time, the writers wanted to show the happiest moments of Charlie's life.
At some point in time, Dominic Monaghan thought that "Greatest Hits" was made to allow the audience to prepare for Charlie's fate.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" marked the first appearance for married couple Rose and Bernard since the late second season.
At some point in time, fans welcomed the return of Rose and Bernard.
At some point in time, the writers cited the actors' other projects as a reason for Rose and Bernard's absence.
At some point in time, the writers feared that fans would complain if Rose and Bernard appeared.
At some point in time, many actors with star billing had received limited screentime in the early third season.
At some point in time, the writers do not want to have Rose and Bernard on the show if they are just going to be standing in the background.
At some point in time, the writers want to have Rose and Bernard in the show with interesting storylines.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" brought in an average of 12.32 million American viewers.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" made Lost the fifteenth most watched series of the week.
At some point in time, the viewership of "Greatest Hits" was consistent with previous Lost episodes in the same timeslot.
At some point in time, the first half of "Greatest Hits" was viewed by 11.9 million Americans.
At some point in time, the audience of "Greatest Hits" increased to 12.8 million in the second half.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" received a 5.2/14 in the key adults 18-49 demographic.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" was the top-rated scripted program for the night.
At some point in time, in Canada, "Greatest Hits" was seen by 875,000 people.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" ranked twenty-seventh for the week in Canada.
At some point in time, in the United Kingdom, "Greatest Hits" attracted 1.21 million viewers.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" was the second most watched program of the week on non-terrestrial channels in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, "Greatest Hits" was beaten only by Katie & Peter: The Next Chapter in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, in Australia, Lost was the fifty-first most viewed show of the week.
At some point in time, Lost brought in 1.001 million viewers in Australia.
At some point in time, Patrick Day of the Los Angeles Times thought that "Greatest Hits" was above par for penultimate set-up episodes.
At some point in time, Patrick Day celebrated the return of Jack "from Mt. Boring."
At some point in time, Patrick Day celebrated the use of drums in Michael Giacchino's musical score.
At some point in time, Patrick Day celebrated the return of Rose and Bernard.
At some point in time, Jeff Jensen of Entertainment Weekly wrote that Dominic Monaghan turned in his best performance yet on Lost.
At some point in time, Jeff Jensen described the final scene of "Greatest Hits" as breathtaking.
At some point in time, Jeff Jensen described the final scene of "Greatest Hits" as a stunningly realized, Emmy-worthy triumph of F/X.
At some point in time, Kristin Veitch of E! enjoyed Dominic Monaghan's acting in "Greatest Hits."
At some point in time, Kristin Veitch called "Greatest Hits" a perfect example of the series' high quality.
At some point in time, Charlie McCollum of the San Jose Mercury News described the latter episodes of the third season as an absolute thrill ride.
At some point in time, Chris Carabott of IGN rated "Greatest Hits" as an 8.5/10.
At some point in time, Chris Carabott commended the character development of Jack and Charlie in "Greatest Hits."
At some point in time, Chris Carabott commended the acting skills of Michael Emerson, who portrays Ben.
At some point in time, Lulu Bates of Television Without Pity graded "Greatest Hits" as an "A-."
At some point in time, Erin Martell of AOL's TV Squad rated "Greatest Hits" as a 6/7.
At some point in time, Erin Martell said that "Greatest Hits" succeeded in building momentum for the season finale.
At some point in time, Erin Martell pointed out a plot inconsistency regarding Charlie's (in)ability to swim.
At some point in time, Scott Juba of The Trades decided that "Greatest Hits" was the best episode of the third season.
At some point in time, Scott Juba said that the flashbacks evoked identifiable human emotions that drive the success of Lost.
At some point in time, Scott Juba stated that the true genius of Lost lies in its ability to make the audience invested in the characters.
At some point in time, Jon Lachonis of BuddyTV noted that "Greatest Hits" was wildly successful in turning Charlie into a likeable and relatable character.
At some point in time, this episode was submitted for consideration for Outstanding Directing for the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards.
At some point in time, this episode was submitted for consideration for Outstanding Writing for a Drama Series for the 59th Primetime Emmy Awards.
At some point in time, this episode was nominated for the Golden Reel Award in the Best Sound Editing in Television: Short Form – Dialogue and Automated Dialogue Replacement category.