At some point in time, Honorius of Canterbury died on 30 September 653.
At some point in time, Honorius was a member of the Gregorian mission to Christianize the Anglo-Saxons.
At some point in time, the Gregorian mission to Christianize the Anglo-Saxons began in 597 AD.
At some point in time, Honorius later became Archbishop of Canterbury.
At some point in time, Honorius consecrated the first native English bishop of Rochester.
At some point in time, Honorius helped the missionary efforts of Felix among the East Anglians.
At some point in time, Honorius was the last to die among the Gregorian missionaries.
At some point in time, Honorius was Roman by birth.
At some point in time, Honorius may have been chosen by Pope Gregory the Great for the Gregorian mission to England.
At some point in time, Honorius was likely a member of the second party of missionaries sent in 601.
At some point in time, it is not known if Honorius's name was given to him at birth.
At some point in time, it is not known if Honorius chose his name when he became archbishop.
At some point in time, Honorius was consecrated as archbishop in 627.
At some point in time, Paulinus of York consecrated Honorius as archbishop at Lincoln.
At some point in time, Honorius wrote to Pope Honorius I asking to raise the see of York to an archbishopric.
At some point in time, the pope agreed to raise the see of York to an archbishopric.
At some point in time, the pope sent a pallium for Paulinus.
At some point in time, Paulinus had already been forced to flee from Northumbria by the time the pope sent the pallium.
At some point in time, Paulinus fled Northumbria after the death of King Edwin of Northumbria in October 633.
At some point in time, Paulinus was received by Honorius after fleeing Northumbria.
At some point in time, Paulinus was appointed to the bishopric of Rochester by Honorius.
At some point in time, the papal letter is dated to June 634.
At some point in time, the papal letter implies that news of Edwin's death had not reached the pope.
At some point in time, the traditional date of Edwin's death may need to be moved to October 634.
At some point in time, the traditional date of consecration for Honorius may need re-dating.
At some point in time, the gap between 627 and 634 is longer than usually found for consecration dates.
At some point in time, Honorius may have been consecrated closer to 634.
At some point in time, the papal letter to Honorius is given in the Ecclesiastical History of Bede.
At some point in time, Honorius consolidated the work of converting the English by sending Felix to Dunwich.
At some point in time, Felix was a Burgundian.
At some point in time, Felix came to Honorius and made known his desire to go to East Anglia as a missionary.
At some point in time, Honorius may have consecrated Felix as the first bishop of East Anglia.
At some point in time, Felix may have already been consecrated on the continent.
At some point in time, the dating of Felix's consecration is unclear.
At some point in time, the episode involving Felix is probably close to 631.
At some point in time, King Sigeberht of East Anglia converted to Christianity while in exile on the continent.
At some point in time, King Sigeberht may have already met Felix before Felix's journey to Honorius.
At some point in time, Honorius consecrated Ithamar of Rochester as the first Anglo-Saxon bishop.
At some point in time, Ithamar's successor was also a native of England.
At some point in time, Honorius had few conflicts with the Irish missionary efforts.
At some point in time, Honorius admired Aidan, one of the leading Irish clergy.
At some point in time, Honorius died on 30 September 653.
At some point in time, Honorius was buried at the Church of St. Augustine's in Canterbury.
At some point in time, Honorius was later revered as a saint.
At some point in time, Honorius's feast day is 30 September.
At some point in time, Honorius's relics were translated to a new tomb in 1091.
At some point in time, a hagiography of Honorius's life was written by Goscelin around the same time as the translation of his relics.
At some point in time, in the 1120s, Honorius's relics were still being venerated at St Augustine's.