At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix is a downloadable content pack for the 2013 video game Saints Row IV.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix tells an alternate story of the alien Zin invasion.
At some point in time, The story of Enter the Dominatrix is different than the main game.
At some point in time, The dialogue of Enter the Dominatrix often breaks the fourth wall.
At some point in time, The style of Enter the Dominatrix is self-referential in nature.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix draws on its history as originally produced as downloadable content for Saints Row: The Third.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix was first announced on April Fool's Day in 2012.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix was later confirmed after its announcement.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix was cancelled to be incorporated into Saints Row IV.
At some point in time, Saints Row IV drew on some aspects of the original idea of Enter the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, The rest of the original idea of Enter the Dominatrix was left for this downloadable content.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix was released on October 22, 2013.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix received mixed or average reviews.
At some point in time, Critics appreciated the treatment of Enter the Dominatrix's own history.
At some point in time, Chris Schilling of Eurogamer called Enter the Dominatrix a "very postmodern conceit."
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix tells an alternative story on the Zin invasion of Saints Row IV.
At some point in time, The simulation of Steelport is hijacked by a rogue artificial intelligence called the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix draws on its origins as Saints Row: The Third downloadable content.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix was later delayed and repackaged.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix frequently breaks the fourth wall.
At some point in time, The story's incongruence with the larger Saints Row story is a recurring theme in Enter the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, The characters in Enter the Dominatrix self-referentially acknowledge the plot holes.
At some point in time, The story of Enter the Dominatrix advances through cutscene clips presented as "unseen footage."
At some point in time, Jane Valderama is a television journalist who presents the "unseen footage" in Enter the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, Some scenes in Enter the Dominatrix end in concept art or videos of Volition employees acting out the drama.
At some point in time, The unfinished feel is a characteristic of Enter the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix casts characters from Saints Row: The Third who did not return in the sequel.
At some point in time, The player fights the Dominatrix several times in Enter the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, The Dominatrix appears as a cross between Maleficent and a sex worker.
At some point in time, Other missions in Enter the Dominatrix include using telekinesis to cage furries at a sex club.
At some point in time, Other missions in Enter the Dominatrix include a BDSM chariot race.
At some point in time, There are five missions in total in Enter the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix introduces new weapons such as a heavy minigun.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix introduces a flamethrower.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix introduces a grenade launcher.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix introduces new vehicles.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix introduces new computer-controlled support characters called "homies."
At some point in time, Up to two players can play cooperatively in Enter the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, THQ announced an Enter the Dominatrix standalone expansion for Saints Row: The Third as an April Fool's joke in 2012.
At some point in time, THQ confirmed Enter the Dominatrix as in development the next month.
At some point in time, The basic plot of Enter the Dominatrix involves the alien commander Zinyak imprisoning the Saints' leader in The Dominatrix simulation of Steelport.
At some point in time, Zinyak imprisons the Saints' leader to prevent interference when he takes over the planet.
At some point in time, The expansion of Enter the Dominatrix was to add superpowers for the player character.
At some point in time, In June, THQ said the expansion would be wrapped into a full sequel.
At some point in time, The full sequel was tentatively titled "The Next Great Sequel in the Saints Row Franchise."
At some point in time, The full sequel was scheduled for release in 2013.
At some point in time, The parts of the Enter the Dominatrix expansion that weren't incorporated into the sequel were later released as downloadable content for Saints Row IV.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix was developed by Volition.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix was published by Deep Silver.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix was followed by the "How the Saints Saved Christmas" downloadable content pack.
At some point in time, High Voltage Software ported the full game and all of its downloadable content to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
At some point in time, The port to PlayStation 4 and Xbox One was released as Saints Row 4: Re-Elected.
At some point in time, Saints Row 4: Re-Elected was released in North America on January 20, 2015.
At some point in time, Saints Row 4: Re-Elected was released worldwide three days later.
At some point in time, A Linux port of Saints Row 4: Re-Elected is planned for release in 2015.
At some point in time, Enter the Dominatrix received "mixed or average reviews," according to Metacritic.
At some point in time, Chris Schilling of Eurogamer called Enter the Dominatrix "a fascinating case study in how games evolve."
At some point in time, Eric Patterson of Electronic Gaming Monthly commented on how downloadable content in the industry is seen as content pulled from the retail release.
At some point in time, Eric Patterson noted that Enter the Dominatrix's development history flips the perception of downloadable content on its head.
At some point in time, Eric Patterson had never otherwise seen a developer purposefully let its fans play "shelved" content.
At some point in time, Eric Patterson found the experience of Enter the Dominatrix "fascinating."
At some point in time, Mikel Reparaz of Official Xbox Magazine said it was fun to see what "could have been."
At some point in time, Chris Schilling called the self-referential nature of Enter the Dominatrix a "very postmodern conceit."
At some point in time, Chris Schilling thought the self-referential nature of Enter the Dominatrix worked well.
At some point in time, Chris Schilling felt that the satire in Enter the Dominatrix was not good.
At some point in time, Chris Schilling described the writing in Enter the Dominatrix as "genuinely funny."
At some point in time, Chris Schilling felt that the repeated Dominatrix fight scenes should not have felt as low budget.
At some point in time, Chris Schilling recommended Enter the Dominatrix for those who love "wry gags about creaky gaming tropes with the occasional belly laugh."
At some point in time, Chris Schilling had a better time finding his own fun than playing through the missions in Enter the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, Eric Patterson noted that those who are looking for cost benefit would be disappointed by the lack of content in Enter the Dominatrix.
At some point in time, Eric Patterson specifically mentioned those who had already finished the main game would be disappointed by the lack of content.
At some point in time, Eric Patterson was interested in Enter the Dominatrix for its behind-the-scenes aspects.
At some point in time, Eric Patterson encouraged other developers to use behind-the-scenes aspects more often.