At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was born on March 24, 1932.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg is a Dutch American chemical engineer.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg specializes in crystal growth.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg flew on a 1985 Space Shuttle Challenger mission as a Payload Specialist.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was the first Dutch-born astronaut.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was a naturalized American citizen at the time of flight.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg is married.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg has two children.
At some point in time, as of 2014, Lodewijk van den Berg resides in Florida.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg works as a chief scientist at the Constellation Technology Corporation.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was educated in the Netherlands.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg attended the Delft University of Technology from 1949 to 1961.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg earned his Engineer's degree in chemical engineering.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg moved to the United States to continue studying at the University of Delaware.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg obtained a MSc degree in applied science.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg obtained a PhD degree in applied science in 1974.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was offered a job at EG & G Corporation Energy Measurements in Goleta, California.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg worked on crystal growth at EG & G Corporation.
At some point in time, EG & G Corporation was a defense contractor of the United States government.
At some point in time, EG & G Corporation dealt with sensitive information and science.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg became a naturalized U.S. citizen in 1975.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg gathered years of research and management experience in the preparation of crystalline materials.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg became an international authority on vapor growth techniques.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg emphasized mercuric iodide crystals in his work.
At some point in time, mercuric iodide crystals have applications in the nuclear industry as gamma ray detectors.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg asked NASA for permission to conduct crystal growth experiments in space.
At some point in time, NASA approved Lodewijk van den Berg's request to conduct crystal growth experiments in space.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg and his colleagues designed the EG & G Vapor Crystal Growth System experiment apparatus for a Space Shuttle flight.
At some point in time, the EG & G Vapor Crystal Growth System experiment required an in-flight operator.
At some point in time, NASA decided it would be easier to train a crystal growth scientist to become an astronaut than the other way around.
At some point in time, NASA asked EG & G and Lodewijk van den Berg to compile a list of eight people who would qualify to perform the science experiments in space.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg and Dr. Harold A. Lamonds could only come up with seven names for the list.
At some point in time, Dr. Harold A. Lamonds proposed adding Lodewijk van den Berg to the list.
At some point in time, Dr. Harold A. Lamonds joked with Lodewijk van den Berg about his age, huge glasses, and little strength.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg agreed to be added to the list.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg did not consider himself being selected to be a realistic scenario.
At some point in time, the first selection round consisted of a selection based on science qualifications in the field in question.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg easily passed the first selection round.
At some point in time, the final four candidates were tested on physical and mental qualifications.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg passed the tests for physical and mental qualifications.
At some point in time, two of the other candidates failed due to possible heart issues.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg became part of the final two candidates.
At some point in time, NASA always trains two astronauts, a prime and a back-up.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg started to train as an astronaut in 1983.
At some point in time, six months before the launch, Lodewijk van den Berg was told that he would be the prime astronaut.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was surprised to be selected as the prime astronaut.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was 53 years old when he went into space.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was one of the oldest rookie astronauts.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was assigned as Payload Specialist on STS-51B Challenger.
At some point in time, STS-51B Challenger was launched from the Kennedy Space Center, Florida.
At some point in time, STS-51B Challenger returned to land at Edwards Air Force Base, California.
At some point in time, STS-51B was the first operational Spacelab mission.
At some point in time, the seven-man crew aboard Challenger conducted investigations into crystal growth.
At some point in time, the investigations included drop dynamics leading to containerless material processing.
At some point in time, the investigations included atmospheric trace gas spectroscopy.
At some point in time, the investigations included solar and planetary atmospheric simulation.
At some point in time, the investigations included cosmic rays.
At some point in time, the investigations included laboratory-animal and human medical monitoring.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was a co-investigator of the Vapor Crystal Growth System experiment.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was responsible for the crystal growth aspects of the Vapor Crystal Growth System experiment.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg had intimate knowledge of Vapor Crystal Growth System hardware.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg participated in all major design and science reviews of the Vapor Crystal Growth System.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg traveled over 2.9 million miles in 110 Earth orbits by the end of the mission.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg logged over 168 hours in space.
At some point in time, after returning to Earth, Lodewijk van den Berg continued to work on crystal growth experiments at EG & G in California.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg became the head of the section of materials science at EG & G.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg moved to Florida to become a chief scientist at the Constellation Technology Corporation.
At some point in time, at age 72, Lodewijk van den Berg continued to work up to 40 hours a week.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg grows crystals, a process he compares to gardening.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg grows Mercuric Iodide crystals.
At some point in time, mercuric Iodide crystals are used to make precision detectors for nuclear radiation.
At some point in time, the precision detectors for nuclear radiation are used in medical applications.
At some point in time, the precision detectors for nuclear radiation are used by the defense industry.
At some point in time, the precision detectors for nuclear radiation are used by the International Atomic Energy Agency.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg visits the Netherlands every two years.
At some point in time, Lodewijk van den Berg was the subject of a short 2004 documentary by Netwerk called "The forgotten astronaut."
At some point in time, the main belt asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L) was named after Lodewijk van den Berg.
At some point in time, the asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L) is now known as 11430 Lodewijkberg.
At some point in time, the asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L) was discovered on October 17, 1960.
At some point in time, Cornelis Johannes van Houten discovered the asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L).
At some point in time, Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld discovered the asteroid 11430 (9560 P-L).
At some point in time, Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld discovered the asteroid at Leiden Observatory.
At some point in time, Cornelis Johannes van Houten and Ingrid van Houten-Groeneveld were studying photographic plates taken by Tom Gehrels.
At some point in time, Tom Gehrels used the Palomar Observatory's Samuel Oschin telescope to take the photographic plates.