At some point in time, Ash Crimson is a video game character in The King of Fighters fighting game series developed by SNK Playmore.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson first appeared in The King of Fighters 2003 as the leader of its Hero Team.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson is a teenager.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson participates in the series' fighting tournaments.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson employs a personal fighting style that involves pyrokinesis with green flames.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's behavior is generally antagonistic.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson tries to steal powers from several recurring characters.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson leaves several recurring characters powerless.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's identity and intentions are further explored in The King of Fighters XIII.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson has been featured in print adaptations based on The King of Fighters games.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson has been featured in a drama CD based on The King of Fighters games.
At some point in time, SNK Playmore staff created Ash Crimson as an evil main character.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's moves have been reworked in every game in which he has appeared.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson gains new techniques as a result of his actions.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's moves are modified to balance the character roster.
At some point in time, critical response to Ash Crimson has been largely negative.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's androgynous appearance has received negative criticism.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's technique has received negative criticism.
At some point in time, UTV Ignition Entertainment noted that Ash Crimson was unpopular with Western gamers.
At some point in time, UTV Ignition Entertainment noted that Ash Crimson's design was better suited to Japanese fans.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson was introduced in The King of Fighters 2003.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson leads the New Hero Team of Duo Lon and Shen Woo.
At some point in time, the New Hero Team participates in a new King of Fighters tournament.
At some point in time, after the tournament, Ash Crimson ambushes host Chizuru Kagura.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson steals Chizuru Kagura's powers.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson tells Iori Yagami he will be his next opponent.
At some point in time, in The King of Fighters XI, Ash Crimson teams up with Oswald and Shen Woo.
At some point in time, at the end of The King of Fighters XI, Ash Crimson leaves his teammates to fight each other.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson discloses that Oswald's price for joining him was finding a drug.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson can only obtain the drug after defeating their pharmacist's enemy, Shen Woo.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson later finds a berserker named Iori.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson defeats Iori.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson steals Iori's powers.
At some point in time, Elisabeth Blanctorche accuses Ash Crimson of abandoning his original mission.
At some point in time, Elisabeth Blanctorche accuses Ash Crimson of becoming obsessed with power.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson leaves after saying that Kyo Kusanagi will be his next victim.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson appears as an available fighter in KOF: Maximum Impact 2 update KOF Maximum Impact Regulation A.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson appears in The King of Fighters XII.
At some point in time, The King of Fighters XII is a game without a storyline.
At some point in time, in The King of Fighters XIII, Ash Crimson is the only character not part of a team.
At some point in time, it is learned that Ash Crimson works for Those From the Past.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson has a conflict with organization leader Saiki at the end of The King of Fighters XIII.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson is the final boss in The King of Fighters XIII.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson is known as "Ash driven insane by the Spiral of Blood."
At some point in time, Ash Crimson is also known as Evil Ash.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson has power stolen from Saiki.
At some point in time, Saiki is trying to possess Ash Crimson.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson ultimately sacrifices himself to destroy Saiki.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson has made appearances in various other King of Fighters media.
At some point in time, in the fourth chapter of the anime The King of Fighters: Another Day, Ash Crimson sets fire to a city.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson sets fire to a city to lure Kyo into a trap.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson is prominent in the manhua adaptations of The King of Fighters 2003 by Wing Yang and King Tung.
At some point in time, in the 2003 tournament, Ash Crimson's team is defeated in the final.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson later helps defeat the demon Mukai.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson is not part of the recurring tournament in The King of Fighters XII manhua.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson briefly confronts Kyo in an attempt to steal Kyo's powers.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson appears in the CD drama KOF: Mid Summer Struggle.
At some point in time, KOF: Mid Summer Struggle has a mock King of Fighters tournament.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson appears in a dating sim that is part of the Days of Memories series.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson was designed as an "attractive evil character."
At some point in time, Ash Crimson was designed in contrast to previous King of Fighters heroes.
At some point in time, the supervising designer created Ash Crimson as desired.
At some point in time, few changes have been made to Ash Crimson since conception.
At some point in time, when The King of Fighters 2003 was released, the staff did not want to disclose information about Ash Crimson.
At some point in time, the staff told fans to look forward to Ash Crimson's "exploits."
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's canonical height is 178 cm (5' 10").
At some point in time, Ash Crimson weighs 59 kg (130 lbs).
At some point in time, according to staff member Falcoon, the goal was to make Ash Crimson an ambiguous protagonist.
At some point in time, the goal was to make players "feel bad" for cheering for Ash Crimson.
At some point in time, Falcoon did not design Ash Crimson.
At some point in time, Falcoon added details while illustrating Ash Crimson.
At some point in time, due to Ash Crimson's late appearance in The King of Fighters 2003, the staff joked that teammate Shen Woo seemed more like the series' main character than Ash Crimson did.
At some point in time, for The King of Fighters XIII, producer Kei Yamamoto wanted gamers who had played previous titles with Ash Crimson to consider the character's motivation.
At some point in time, producer Kei Yamamoto wanted gamers to consider whether they could relate to Ash Crimson.
At some point in time, one of three reasons for the title of KOF: Maximum Impact 2 Regulation "A" was Ash Crimson's introduction to the spin-off series.
At some point in time, Falcoon called Ash Crimson "really wild" because of his role in the series and his personality.
At some point in time, Nona said that of the original King of Fighters characters, he liked Ash Crimson.
At some point in time, Nona looked forward to Ash Crimson's development.
At some point in time, in The King of Fighters XII, Ash Crimson was the character the staff worked on the most.
At some point in time, the staff reworked Ash Crimson's movements and speech to be more consistent with the rest of the cast.
At some point in time, producer Kei Yamamoto jokingly called Ash Crimson a character players could use to "show off."
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's EX version in the game makes more multiple hits than his regular form.
At some point in time, the "disgusting" style of Ash Crimson's "Genie" move is said to fit his character.
At some point in time, since his introduction, Ash Crimson has acquired new moves in accordance with his actions in the series.
At some point in time, after The King of Fighters 2003, Ash Crimson gained Chizuru Kagura's "Germinar."
At some point in time, "Germinar" is a move allowing Ash Crimson to steal his opponents' special moves.
At some point in time, after defeating Iori Yagami, Ash Crimson acquired the "Fructidor" Neo Max move.
At some point in time, "Fructidor" is Ash Crimson's strongest attack in The King of Fighters XIII.
At some point in time, during the game's development, the staff considered returning Fructidor's animation style to an earlier version they had tested.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's character had a mixed reception in video game publications.
At some point in time, when Ash Crimson was introduced, GameSpy's Christian Nutt called him a "clone" of Guile from the Street Fighter series.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's team was praised as new characters with new elements in the series.
At some point in time, Lucas M. Thomas of IGN wrote that a major fan complaint was Ash Crimson's strength in the games.
At some point in time, Ash Crimson's strength made him one of the strongest opponents despite an apparent lack of effort.
At some point in time, according to Lucas M. Thomas, Ash Crimson is "nothing if not strange."
At some point in time, Lucas M. Thomas lamented Ash Crimson's many appearances in the KOF 2003 manhua compared with more popular characters.
At some point in time, when playable characters for the arcade version of The King of Fighters XIII were introduced, Anime News Network's Todd Ciolek speculated about Ash Crimson's lack of teammates.
At some point in time, Todd Ciolek wondered if Ash Crimson was alone because "no one likes Ash now."
At some point in time, Marissa Meli of UGO Networks ranked Ash Crimson sixteenth on a list of "The Most Androgynous Video Game Characters."
At some point in time, Marissa Meli jokingly attributed Ash Crimson's androgynous appearance to a desire by Japanese designers to confuse Western gamers about their sexuality.
At some point in time, Dan Howdle of Now Gamer referred to Ash Crimson's voice as one of "Gaming's Top 10 Deepest Voices."
At some point in time, Dan Howdle referred to Ash Crimson as a female character.
At some point in time, writers for Game Informer joked about their surprise at the discovery that Ash Crimson is a male character.
At some point in time, after UTV Ignition Entertainment polled fans to choose an artbox for console versions of The King of Fighters XII, the company announced that Ash Crimson's unpopularity reduced the number of potential covers to two.
At some point in time, the two potential covers featured Kyo and Iori.
At some point in time, in an interview with Ignition Entertainment director of business development Shane Bettehausen, Alex Lucard of Diehard GameFan said that North American SNK fans detested Ash Crimson.
At some point in time, North American SNK fans complained about Ash Crimson's inclusion in The King of Fighters XII without a storyline.
At some point in time, North American SNK fans complained that popular series characters were overlooked.
At some point in time, Shane Bettehausen defended Ash Crimson, calling him "nuanced and improved."
At some point in time, Shane Bettehausen called Ash Crimson's moves "incredibly effective."
At some point in time, in June 2009, Stephen Totilo of Kotaku interviewed Shane Bettehausen.
At some point in time, during the interview, Shane Bettehausen asked Stephen Totilo to guess Ash Crimson's gender.
At some point in time, when Stephen Totilo said Ash Crimson was female, Shane Bettehausen called KOF "progressive."
At some point in time, Shane Bettehausen said that KOF was progressive in introducing a cross-dressing character.
At some point in time, Shane Bettehausen said that fans were apparently "warming up to him."
At some point in time, Jonathan Holmes of Destructoid praised Ash Crimson's character as "defying traditional gender roles while kicking some ass."
At some point in time, Jonathan Holmes called Ash Crimson "the perfect mascot for the KoF series as a whole."
At some point in time, merchandising related to Ash Crimson's appearance has also been released.