At some point in time, Mauritania competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London.
At some point in time, the 2012 Summer Olympics were held from 27 July to 12 August 2012.
At some point in time, Mauritania's participation in London marked its eighth appearance in the Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, Mauritania debuted in the Summer Olympics in the 1984 Summer Olympics.
At some point in time, the delegation from Mauritania included two track and field athletes.
At some point in time, the two athletes from Mauritania were Jidou El Moctar and Aicha Fall.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar and Aicha Fall were selected to the team by wildcard places.
At some point in time, Mauritania had no athletes that met either the "A" or "B" qualifying standards.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar was selected as flag bearer for the opening ceremony.
At some point in time, a LOCOG Games Maker carried the flag for the closing ceremony.
At some point in time, neither Jidou El Moctar nor Aicha Fall progressed beyond the heats.
At some point in time, Mauritania participated in eight Summer Olympic Games between 1984 and 2012.
At some point in time, the Mauritania National Olympic Committee selected two athletes via wildcards.
At some point in time, an NOC usually can enter up to three qualified athletes in each individual event.
At some point in time, an NOC can enter one athlete per event if the athlete meets the "B" standard.
At some point in time, Mauritania was allowed to select two athletes as wildcards.
At some point in time, the two selected athletes were one male and one female.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar competed in the Men's 200 meters.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall competed in the Women's 800 meters.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar was notable for carrying the Mauritania flag at the opening ceremony.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar qualified for the Summer Olympics via a wildcard.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar's best time was 23.16 seconds.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar's best time was 2.51 seconds slower than the "B" qualifying standard.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar competed on 7 August in Heat 1.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar competed against seven other athletes.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar ran a time of 22.94 seconds.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar finished last in his heat.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar achieved a personal best time.
At some point in time, Vyacheslav Muravyev ranked ahead of Jidou El Moctar with a time of 21.75 seconds.
At some point in time, Usain Bolt led the heat with a time of 20.39 seconds.
At some point in time, overall, Jidou El Moctar ranked 53rd out of 55 athletes.
At some point in time, Jidou El Moctar was 2.31 seconds behind the slowest athlete that progressed to the semi-finals.
At some point in time, that was the end of Jidou El Moctar's competition.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall qualified for the London Games as a wildcard.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall had set no time for her event, the 800 meters.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall was to compete in the 2012 World Junior Championships in Athletics 800 meters.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall did not start the event at the 2012 World Junior Championships.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall competed on August 8 in Heat 5.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall competed against seven other athletes.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall posted a time of 2 minutes and 27.97 seconds.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall finished sixth in her heat.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall set a national record in the process.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall placed ahead of Woroud Sawalha, who had a time of 2 minutes and 29.16 seconds.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall placed behind Melissa Bishop, who had a time of 2 minutes and 09.33 seconds.
At some point in time, Nataliia Lupu led the heat with a time of 2 minutes and 8.35 seconds.
At some point in time, overall, Aicha Fall was 24.12 seconds behind the slowest athlete that progressed to the semi-finals.
At some point in time, Aicha Fall did not advance in her competition.