At some point in time, Python is a widely used high-level programming language.
At some point in time, Python is a general-purpose programming language.
At some point in time, Python is an interpreted programming language.
At some point in time, Python is a dynamic programming language.
At some point in time, Python's design philosophy emphasizes code readability.
At some point in time, Python's syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than possible in languages such as C++ or Java.
At some point in time, Python provides constructs intended to enable clear programs on both a small scale and a large scale.
At some point in time, Python supports multiple programming paradigms.
At some point in time, Python supports object-oriented programming.
At some point in time, Python supports imperative programming.
At some point in time, Python supports functional programming.
At some point in time, Python supports procedural programming styles.
At some point in time, Python features a dynamic type system.
At some point in time, Python features automatic memory management.
At some point in time, Python has a large and comprehensive standard library.
At some point in time, Python interpreters are available for many operating systems.
At some point in time, Python code can run on a wide variety of systems.
At some point in time, using third-party tools, Python code can be packaged into stand-alone executable programs.
At some point in time, Python-based software can be distributed to popular operating systems.
At some point in time, Python-based software can be used on popular operating systems without needing to install a Python interpreter.
At some point in time, CPython is the reference implementation of Python.
At some point in time, CPython is free software.
At some point in time, CPython is open-source software.
At some point in time, CPython has a community-based development model.
At some point in time, nearly all variant implementations of Python have a community-based development model.
At some point in time, CPython is managed by the non-profit Python Software Foundation.
At some point in time, Python was conceived in the late 1980s.
At some point in time, Python's implementation began in December 1989.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum began the implementation of Python at Centrum Wiskunde & Informatica.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum began the implementation of Python in the Netherlands.
At some point in time, Python is a successor to the ABC language.
At some point in time, the ABC language was inspired by SETL.
At some point in time, Python is capable of exception handling.
At some point in time, Python is capable of interfacing with the operating system Amoeba.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum is Python's principal author.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum has a continuing central role in deciding the direction of Python.
At some point in time, the Python community refers to Guido van Rossum as the benevolent dictator for life (BDFL).
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum wrote about the origin of Python in 1996.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum was looking for a hobby programming project in December 1989.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum's office would be closed during the week around Christmas.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum had a home computer in December 1989.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum did not have much else on his hands in December 1989.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum decided to write an interpreter for a new scripting language.
At some point in time, the new scripting language was a descendant of ABC.
At some point in time, the new scripting language would appeal to Unix/C hackers.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum chose Python as a working title for the project.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum was in a slightly irreverent mood when he chose the name Python.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum is a big fan of Monty Python's Flying Circus.
At some point in time, Python 2.0 was released on 16 October 2000.
At some point in time, Python 2.0 had many major new features.
At some point in time, Python 2.0 included a cycle-detecting garbage collector.
At some point in time, Python 2.0 included support for Unicode.
At some point in time, the development process of Python changed with the release of Python 2.0.
At some point in time, the development process of Python became more transparent with the release of Python 2.0.
At some point in time, the development process of Python became community-backed with the release of Python 2.0.
At some point in time, Python 3.0 was released on 3 December 2008.
At some point in time, Python 3.0 was commonly referred to as Python 3000 or py3k during its early development.
At some point in time, Python 3.0 is a major release.
At some point in time, Python 3.0 is a backwards-incompatible release.
At some point in time, Python 3.0 was released after a long period of testing.
At some point in time, many major features of Python 3.0 have been backported to Python 2.6.x.
At some point in time, many major features of Python 3.0 have been backported to Python 2.7.x.
At some point in time, Python is a multi-paradigm programming language.
At some point in time, Python fully supports object-oriented programming.
At some point in time, Python fully supports structured programming.
At some point in time, many language features of Python support functional programming.
At some point in time, many language features of Python support aspect-oriented programming.
At some point in time, many paradigms are supported via extensions in Python.
At some point in time, extensions in Python include design by contract.
At some point in time, extensions in Python include logic programming.
At some point in time, Python uses dynamic typing for memory management.
At some point in time, Python uses a mix of reference counting and a cycle-detecting garbage collector for memory management.
At some point in time, an important feature of Python is dynamic name resolution.
At some point in time, dynamic name resolution in Python is also known as late binding.
At some point in time, dynamic name resolution binds method and variable names during program execution.
At some point in time, the design of Python offers some support for functional programming in the Lisp tradition.
At some point in time, the language Python has map() functions.
At some point in time, the language Python has reduce() functions.
At some point in time, the language Python has filter() functions.
At some point in time, the language Python has list comprehensions.
At some point in time, the language Python has dictionaries.
At some point in time, the language Python has sets.
At some point in time, the language Python has generator expressions.
At some point in time, the standard library of Python has two modules.
At some point in time, the two modules in the standard library of Python are itertools and functools.
At some point in time, the modules itertools and functools implement functional tools borrowed from Haskell.
At some point in time, the modules itertools and functools implement functional tools borrowed from Standard ML.
At some point in time, the core philosophy of Python is summarized by the document The Zen of Python (PEP 20).
At some point in time, The Zen of Python includes aphorisms.
At some point in time, one aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Beautiful is better than ugly."
At some point in time, one aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Explicit is better than implicit."
At some point in time, one aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Simple is better than complex."
At some point in time, one aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Complex is better than complicated."
At some point in time, one aphorism in The Zen of Python is "Readability counts."
At some point in time, Python was designed to be highly extensible.
At some point in time, Python can be embedded in existing applications that need a programmable interface.
At some point in time, the design of Python includes a small core language.
At some point in time, the design of Python includes a large standard library.
At some point in time, the design of Python includes an easily extensible interpreter.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum intended the design of Python to be a small core language with a large standard library and an easily extensible interpreter.
At some point in time, Guido van Rossum's frustrations with ABC influenced the design of Python.
At some point in time, Python's philosophy offers choice in coding methodology.
At some point in time, Python's philosophy rejects exuberant syntax.
At some point in time, Python's philosophy favors a sparser, less-cluttered grammar.
At some point in time, Alex Martelli stated that describing something as clever is not considered a compliment in the Python culture.
At some point in time, Python's philosophy rejects the Perl approach of "there is more than one way to do it."
At some point in time, Python's philosophy favors the approach of "there should be one — and preferably only one — obvious way to do it."
At some point in time, Python's developers strive to avoid premature optimization.
At some point in time, Python's developers reject patches to non-critical parts of CPython that would offer a marginal increase in speed at the cost of clarity.
At some point in time, when speed is important, a Python programmer can move time-critical functions to extension modules written in languages such as C.
At some point in time, when speed is important, a Python programmer can try using PyPy.
At some point in time, PyPy is a just-in-time compiler.
At some point in time, Cython is available.
At some point in time, Cython translates a Python script into C.
At some point in time, Cython makes direct C-level API calls into the Python interpreter.
At some point in time, an important goal of Python's developers is making Python fun to use.
At some point in time, the origin of the name Python comes from Monty Python.
At some point in time, Python's tutorials and reference materials occasionally take a playful approach.
At some point in time, Python's tutorials and reference materials use examples that refer to spam and eggs instead of the standard foo and bar.
At some point in time, a common neologism in the Python community is pythonic.
At some point in time, the term pythonic can have a wide range of meanings related to program style.
At some point in time, to say that code is pythonic is to say that it uses Python idioms well.
At some point in time, to say that code is pythonic is to say that it is natural or shows fluency in the language.
At some point in time, to say that code is pythonic is to say that it conforms with Python's minimalist philosophy and emphasis on readability.
At some point in time, code that is difficult to understand is called unpythonic.
At some point in time, code that reads like a rough transcription from another programming language is called unpythonic.
At some point in time, users and admirers of Python are often referred to as Pythonists.
At some point in time, users and admirers of Python are often referred to as Pythonistas.
At some point in time, users and admirers of Python are often referred to as Pythoneers.
At some point in time, Python is intended to be a highly readable language.
At some point in time, Python is designed to have an uncluttered visual layout.
At some point in time, Python often uses English keywords where other languages use punctuation.
At some point in time, Python has fewer syntactic exceptions than C.
At some point in time, Python has fewer special cases than Pascal.
At some point in time, Python uses whitespace indentation to delimit blocks.
At some point in time, Python's feature of whitespace indentation is also termed the off-side rule.
At some point in time, an increase in indentation comes after certain statements in Python.
At some point in time, a decrease in indentation signifies the end of the current block in Python.
At some point in time, Python's statements include the assignment statement.
At some point in time, the assignment statement in Python uses the token '='.
At some point in time, the equals sign in Python operates differently than in traditional imperative programming languages.
At some point in time, the fundamental mechanism of assignment in Python illuminates many other features of the language.
At some point in time, the nature of Python's version of variables illuminates many other features of the language.