At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge is located in Pittsboro, North Carolina.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge is a nonprofit no-kill animal sanctuary for cats.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge is run on a volunteer basis.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge is cage-free.
At some point in time, the cats at the Goathouse Refuge can freely roam around within the boundaries of the property.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge was founded in 2007 by Siglinda Scarpa.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa is an Italian-born artist.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge can hold up to 300 cats.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge is located on a 16-acre farm.
At some point in time, there is an art gallery located on the first floor of the house at the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa sells her handmade art in the art gallery.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa's handmade art includes pottery, sculptures, and cookware.
At some point in time, the sales from Siglinda Scarpa's handmade art help support the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa had issues with communication as a child.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa felt that people were not seeing her.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa's father brought a stray kitten home.
At some point in time, the stray kitten was placed under Siglinda Scarpa's sheets.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa felt she could communicate with someone after the stray kitten was placed under her sheets.
At some point in time, the stray kitten was a year old when he became very ill.
At some point in time, the stray kitten died after becoming very ill.
At some point in time, after the stray kitten's death, Siglinda Scarpa decided to take in as many cats as possible.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa hopes to eventually create a safe haven for cats.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa created the Goathouse Refuge in 2007.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa named the Goathouse Refuge after an old goat.
At some point in time, the old goat came with the dilapidated plantation house.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge is located on a 16-acre property.
At some point in time, the land was originally intended for Siglinda Scarpa's pottery studio.
At some point in time, the house and studio burned down.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa rebuilt the house and studio.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa's plans for the rebuilt house and studio included a sanctuary for cats.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa used personal resources to rebuild the house and studio.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa used proceeds from her pottery sales to rebuild the house and studio.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge has found homes for at least 900 cats since opening in 2007.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge ensures that the cats have been tested.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge ensures that the cats have been de-wormed.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge ensures that the cats have had their first shots.
At some point in time, the adoption fee at the Goathouse Refuge covers spaying/neutering.
At some point in time, the adoption fee at the Goathouse Refuge covers micro-chipping.
At some point in time, the adoption fee at the Goathouse Refuge covers vaccinations.
At some point in time, some cats at the Goathouse Refuge may have sponsors who donate to cover some or all of the adoption fee.
At some point in time, there is an application that must be filled out to adopt a cat from the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, the application for adopting a cat asks very thorough in-depth questions.
At some point in time, the application ensures that the cat will go to a good home.
At some point in time, the applications are reviewed first by staff at the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, the staff reviews applications to see if the applicants are a good fit for the cat.
At some point in time, a home visit is required after the application review.
At some point in time, the home visit is to see if the house is suitable for the cat.
At some point in time, all cats are welcome at the Goathouse Refuge.
None of the cats at the Goathouse Refuge are subject to euthanasia unless past all hope of recovery.
Neither disposition, age, nor illness affect whether a cat will be accepted to stay at the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, adoption is the ultimate goal of the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, unadoptable cats may live out their lives on the property of the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge is run mainly by volunteers.
At some point in time, volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge clean litter boxes.
At some point in time, volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge change food and water.
At some point in time, volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge wash dishes and blankets.
At some point in time, volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge sanitize areas.
At some point in time, volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge perform other duties.
At some point in time, there are two shifts of at least two volunteers each at the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, the shifts at the Goathouse Refuge are early morning and late afternoon.
At some point in time, the shifts at the Goathouse Refuge revolve around the feeding habits of the cats.
At some point in time, volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge need to socialize new kittens and cats with behavior issues.
At some point in time, volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge socialize new kittens and cats to make them ready for adoption.
At some point in time, new volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge are introduced to the cats who need special attention.
At some point in time, the cats who need special attention have conditions such as allergies to certain cleaning products.
At some point in time, the cats who need special attention have dietary restrictions.
At some point in time, the dietary restrictions and allergies are made clear by charts and signs on the cats' cages.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge offers their 300 cats medical treatment on-site.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge provides quality food for their cats.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge provides toys for their cats.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge provides comfort items such as lots of blankets for their cats.
At some point in time, the cost of maintaining the Goathouse Refuge is higher than the average shelter.
At some point in time, contributors help the Goathouse Refuge in many ways.
At some point in time, contributors provide items the cats need for the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, contributors donate money to the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, contributors attend fundraisers for the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa's fundraisers use themes such as Burrito Bash.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa's fundraisers use themes such as Venetian Carnival.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa's fundraisers use themes such as Garden Gourmands.
At some point in time, Siglinda Scarpa's fundraisers use themes such as Mad Hatter's Tea Party.
At some point in time, the events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in online publications.
At some point in time, the events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in written publications.
At some point in time, the events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in Raleigh's Indy Week.
At some point in time, the events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in Chatham County's Chatham Chatlist.
At some point in time, the events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed in Chapel Hill's The Daily Tar Heel.
At some point in time, the events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed on the Refuge's website.
At some point in time, the events for the Goathouse Refuge are listed on the Refuge's Facebook page.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge provides alternative solutions for those who wish to see a particular cat go to a good home.
At some point in time, people who cannot adopt a cat can sponsor a cat at the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, sponsoring a cat at the Goathouse Refuge involves donating to cover their adoption fees.
At some point in time, sponsoring a cat at the Goathouse Refuge increases the cat's chance of being adopted.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge provides "virtual cats" as gifts.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge will send the donor a photo of a cat of their choice.
At some point in time, the Goathouse Refuge will send the donor a behind-the-scenes story about the cat of their choice.
At some point in time, there is a program called "Coffee Cat" at the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, the "Coffee Cat" program involves sponsoring a particular cat.
At some point in time, sponsoring a particular cat through the "Coffee Cat" program costs approximately the price of a cup of coffee a day.
At some point in time, the donations from the "Coffee Cat" program are spent on food for the sponsored cat.
At some point in time, the donations from the "Coffee Cat" program are spent on medical needs for the sponsored cat.
At some point in time, the donations from the "Coffee Cat" program are spent on litter for the sponsored cat.
At some point in time, in March 2013, the Goathouse Refuge was a cover story in the Indy Week paper.
At some point in time, the article in the Indy Week claims that there are too many cats falling prey to illness at the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, the article in the Indy Week claims that the sanctuary is out of control.
At some point in time, one local veterinarian has treated about 35 cats from owners who had recently adopted from the Goathouse Refuge.
At some point in time, the author of the article, Lisa Sorg, says that according to former volunteers at the Goathouse Refuge, there are twice as many cats on the premises as recommended by a veterinarian.
At some point in time, Scarpa makes volunteers sign an anti-defamation agreement.
At some point in time, Scarpa instructs volunteers to lie to state inspectors.
At some point in time, Scarpa denied the allegations made in the article.
At some point in time, Scarpa justified some of the allegations made in the article.
At some point in time, just over a day after the article's release, the comments section on the Indy Week website became heated.
At some point in time, Denise Prickett, INDY Editorial Web Director, posted about closing comments on the Indy Week story for the weekend.
At some point in time, Denise Prickett stated that comments would be reopened on Monday morning.
At some point in time, Denise Prickett stated that all future comments must respond directly to the story.
At some point in time, Denise Prickett stated that all future comments must be civil.
At some point in time, Denise Prickett stated that comments that do not follow the guidelines will be removed.