At some point in time, The American and the Queen is a 1910 American silent short drama produced by the Thanhouser Company.
At some point in time, The film focuses on Maud, the fictional queen of Rumania.
At some point in time, Maud is overthrown by her cousin, Rupert.
At some point in time, Maud is thrown into prison after refusing the romantic advances of Rupert.
At some point in time, Maud escapes with the aid of her lady-in-waiting and a priest.
At some point in time, A wealthy American named Jack Walton foils an assassination attempt on Maud.
At some point in time, Jack Walton falls in love with Maud.
At some point in time, Maud is recaptured and set to be executed.
At some point in time, The priest comes up with a plan to save Maud by marrying Jack and Maud.
At some point in time, The ceremony takes place through Maud's cell window.
At some point in time, The United States military arrives to save Maud, who is now the wife of an American.
At some point in time, Rupert is killed in the ensuing conflict.
No known cast or production credits for the film are known.
At some point in time, The film was released on November 11, 1910.
At some point in time, The film was met with neutral to negative reviews by critics.
At some point in time, The patriotic element of the film was cited as likely being comical for European audiences.
At some point in time, The film was used as an example of an inappropriate example of American flag-waving.
At some point in time, The film is presumed lost.
At some point in time, A synopsis of the film survives in The Moving Picture World from October 22, 1910.
At some point in time, The synopsis states that Maud, the beautiful queen of Rumania, is deposed through the efforts of her wicked cousin, Rupert.
At some point in time, Rupert seizes the throne.
At some point in time, Rupert tries to make love to Maud.
At some point in time, Maud spurns Rupert's advances.
At some point in time, Rupert has Maud thrown into prison.
At some point in time, Maud escapes through the efforts of her faithful lady-in-waiting and the kindly priest.
At some point in time, While on a steamer, Rupert's spy locates Maud.
At some point in time, Rupert's spy decides to give Maud poison.
At some point in time, Jack Walton detects the spy's attempt to poison Maud.
At some point in time, Jack Walton is a wealthy young American.
At some point in time, Jack Walton has seen Maud and fallen in love with her without knowing anything about her history.
At some point in time, A number of noblemen urge Maud to make an effort to regain the throne.
At some point in time, Jack Walton joins the noblemen's plea to Maud.
At some point in time, Maud consents to make an effort to regain the throne.
At some point in time, Maud is only in her country a few hours before she is arrested.
At some point in time, Maud is arrested during the absence of Jack Walton on a mission.
At some point in time, Jack Walton prepares to save Maud.
At some point in time, Jack Walton has not hit on a definite plan to save Maud.
At some point in time, Father Paul proposes a scheme to save Maud.
At some point in time, Maud's prison is on the ground floor.
At some point in time, It is possible for Maud to stretch her hand through the bars of her prison.
At some point in time, Jack Walton marries Maud, though a stone wall is between them.
At some point in time, The priest is outside with the bridegroom.
At some point in time, The careless guards do not see Jack Walton and the priest.
At some point in time, Rupert sends for Maud again.
At some point in time, Rupert offers to marry Maud for the second time.
At some point in time, Maud spurns Rupert's second marriage proposal.
At some point in time, Rupert orders Maud's execution.
At some point in time, The sentence of execution is about to be carried out when Jack Walton arrives with a squad of U.S. troops.
At some point in time, The U.S. troops are from a troop ship in the harbor.
At some point in time, Maud is entitled to the protection of the U.S. troops because she is now the wife of an American.
At some point in time, Maud receives protection from the U.S. troops.
At some point in time, Rupert loses his life in the ensuing combat.
At some point in time, The writer of the scenario is unknown.
At some point in time, The writer of the scenario was most likely Lloyd Lonergan.
At some point in time, Lloyd Lonergan was an experienced newspaperman employed by The New York Evening World while writing scripts for the Thanhouser productions.
At some point in time, A reviewer said that the film was a poor take on Anthony Hope.
At some point in time, The reviewer did not further expand on the nature of the connection to Anthony Hope.
At some point in time, The reference to Anthony Hope's works includes The Prisoner of Zenda.
At some point in time, The reference to Anthony Hope may have been made due to the arrival of a foreigner who resolves a royal conspiracy.
At some point in time, Bowers would list this film as being of "patriotic" character.
At some point in time, Bowers did not list this film simply as a drama or a comedy production.
At some point in time, The patriotic element of the film was heavily promoted in advertising.
At some point in time, The promotion of the patriotic element was likely true given the reaction of viewers to the film.
At some point in time, One article in The Moving Picture News referred to the film as an example of a problematic use of the United States flag.
At some point in time, The United States flag appears suddenly with the marines at the climax of the plot.
At some point in time, The climax of the plot occurs while on foreign soil.
At some point in time, The film director is unknown.
At some point in time, The film director may have been Barry O'Neil or Lucius J. Henderson.
At some point in time, Cameramen employed by the Thanhouser Company during this era included Blair Smith, Carl Louis Gregory, and Alfred H. Moses, Jr.
At some point in time, None of the cameramen are specifically credited.
At some point in time, The role of the cameraman was uncredited in 1910 productions.
At some point in time, The cast credits are unknown.
At some point in time, Many 1910 Thanhouser productions are fragmentary.
At some point in time, In late 1910, the Thanhouser Company released a list of the important personalities in their films.
At some point in time, The list includes G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, Marie Eline, Violet Heming, Martin J. Faust, Thomas Fortune, George Middleton, Grace Moore, John W. Noble, Anna Rosemond, and Mrs. George Walters.
At some point in time, The single reel drama is approximately 1,000 feet long.
At some point in time, The film was originally planned to be released on November 4.
At some point in time, The release of the film was delayed.
At some point in time, Some advertisements and later listings for the film give an erroneous release date.
At some point in time, The film received negative reviews in trade publications.
At some point in time, The negative reviews were from even those publications that typically praised weaker productions.
At some point in time, The production was not criticized as sharply as the film Avenged had been.
At some point in time, Walton of The Moving Picture News stated that the film was a "very feeble echo on Anthony Hope."
At some point in time, The throne room staging in the film is ridiculous.
At some point in time, The resolution of the film is ridiculous.
At some point in time, The flag-waving business in the film is feebly melodramatic.
At some point in time, Princes do not sit on the sort of chair depicted in the film.
At some point in time, The reviewer from The Moving Picture News is an admirer of Thanhouser.
At some point in time, The reviewer from The Moving Picture News stated that the film is straight, plain punk.
At some point in time, In Europe, the film will be received as a Yankee joke.
At some point in time, The reviewer for The Moving Picture World was decidedly neutral.
At some point in time, The reviewer for The Moving Picture World highlighted only the novelty of the plot.
At some point in time, The reviewer for The Moving Picture World refrained from any criticism or praise of the merits of the production.
At some point in time, The New York Dramatic Mirror was negative about the film but not scathing.
At some point in time, The reviewer for The New York Dramatic Mirror stated that the narrative is very entertaining.
At some point in time, The narrative could be made entertaining if the producer had cared to trouble himself about details.
At some point in time, In its present crude form, the film's wild impossibility grates upon a spectator.
At some point in time, Every scene in the film has some inconsistency.
At some point in time, The film was worth doing well.
At some point in time, Neither the acting nor the mounting of the film has any particular merit.