At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" is a song by American recording artist Usher.
At some point in time, James Scheffer, Frank Romano, Danny Morris, and Rico Love wrote "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Rico Love produced "There Goes My Baby" with Jim Jonsin.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" was first released as the second promo single for Usher's sixth studio album, Raymond v. Raymond, on February 9, 2010.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" was later released to rhythmic and urban airplay as the fourth U.S. single from Raymond v. Raymond on June 15, 2010.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" was included in the album's follow-up set, Versus.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" is a down-tempo R&B piece.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" makes use of Usher's falsetto range.
At some point in time, critics received "There Goes My Baby" positively.
At some point in time, critics complimented Usher's falsetto in "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" peaked at twenty-five on the Billboard Hot 100.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" topped the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
At some point in time, the charting of "There Goes My Baby" gave Usher his eleventh number-one on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart.
At some point in time, Usher tied Ray Charles and R. Kelly for the fifth-most number ones on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs chart since the chart's inception.
At some point in time, the music video for "There Goes My Baby" features Usher pursuing his love interest in risqué scenes.
At some point in time, critics generally favored the music video for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, critics called the music video for "There Goes My Baby" classic Usher.
At some point in time, some critics noted the theme of the music video for "There Goes My Baby" was played-out.
At some point in time, Usher performed "There Goes My Baby" a number of times.
At some point in time, Usher performed "There Goes My Baby" at the 2010 BET Awards.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" earned Usher a Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance.
At some point in time, Usher received the Grammy Award for Best Male R&B Vocal Performance at the 53rd Grammy Awards in 2011.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" is a "slinky" down-tempo R&B ballad.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" has infused hints of neo soul.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" is composed in a "moderate groove" of eighty beats per minute.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" is set in common time.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" is written in the key of A minor.
At some point in time, Usher's vocals in "There Goes My Baby" span from the low note of E4 to the high note of C6.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" follows the chord progression A – Fmaj7 – G.
At some point in time, the use of Usher's falsetto range in "There Goes My Baby" was warmly received by critics.
At some point in time, Edna Gunderson of USA Today called Usher's falsetto "charming."
At some point in time, Jaime Gill of Yahoo! Music UK said that "There Goes My Baby" was a delight.
At some point in time, Jaime Gill of Yahoo! Music UK said that the falsetto tenderness in "There Goes My Baby" was absent in the rest of Usher's work.
At some point in time, Tyler Lewis of PopMatters said "There Goes My Baby" featured "nice falsetto work" from Usher.
At some point in time, Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly coined "There Goes My Baby" a "falsetto-laced plea."
At some point in time, Andy Kellman of Allmusic noted "There Goes My Baby" as a standout from Raymond v. Raymond.
At some point in time, Greg Kot of the Chicago Tribune said that the sweetness of Usher's falsetto balanced out the album's "boilerplate swagger."
At some point in time, Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music thought "There Goes My Baby" recalled Usher's past slow jams.
At some point in time, Fraser McAlpine of BBC Music coined "There Goes My Baby" a "sumptuous deep-pile carpet of seductive song."
At some point in time, Ashante Infantry of the Toronto Star said "There Goes My Baby" was one of the best songs on Raymond v. Raymond.
At some point in time, Ashante Infantry of the Toronto Star said "There Goes My Baby" was a "steamy slow jam."
At some point in time, James Reed of the Boston Globe called "There Goes My Baby" "decent."
At some point in time, James Reed of the Boston Globe thought the lyrical content of "There Goes My Baby" was hollow.
At some point in time, Matthew Cole of Slant Magazine called "There Goes My Baby" a low point of Raymond v. Raymond.
At some point in time, Matthew Cole of Slant Magazine said "There Goes My Baby" was "sappy."
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 chart at number seventy-one solely from digital downloads.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" fell off the Billboard Hot 100 chart the next week.
At some point in time, upon its release as a single, "There Goes My Baby" re-entered the Billboard Hot 100 chart at number 100.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" eventually reached number twenty-five on the Billboard Hot 100 chart.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" topped the US R&B/Hip-Hop chart for four consecutive weeks.
At some point in time, the four consecutive weeks at number one on the US R&B/Hip-Hop chart gave Usher his eleventh number-one hit on that chart.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" spent a total of 71 weeks on the US R&B/Hip-Hop chart.
At some point in time, with eleven top singles on the US R&B/Hip-Hop chart, Usher tied with R. Kelly and Ray Charles on the Stevie Wonder-led list of most number ones since the inception of the chart.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" was Usher's fourth consecutive top ten song on the R&B chart.
At some point in time, Usher had not matched the feat of four consecutive top ten songs on the R&B chart since his Confessions era.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" was Usher's fourth consecutive top forty song on the Billboard Hot 100.
At some point in time, Usher had not matched the feat of four consecutive top forty songs on the Billboard Hot 100 since his Confessions era.
At some point in time, the accompanying music video for "There Goes My Baby" was filmed on June 16, 2010, in Malibu, California.
At some point in time, Anthony Mandler directed the music video for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, it took fifteen hours to shoot the music video for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Usher told People that at 31, when he takes his shirt off, he must have it together.
At some point in time, a preview of the music video for "There Goes My Baby" was released on July 12, 2010.
At some point in time, the full music video for "There Goes My Baby" premiered on 106 & Park and Vevo on July 13, 2010.
At some point in time, the opening scene of the music video for "There Goes My Baby" features Usher donning a black tank top and dark jeans.
At some point in time, in the opening scene of the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher stands in a field with the sun rising in the background.
At some point in time, in the opening scene of the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher performs tai chi-inspired dance moves.
At some point in time, in the opening scene of the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher begins to pursue his love interest.
At some point in time, in the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher appears shirtless in front of a black backdrop.
At some point in time, in the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher sings propped on a concrete wall in a dark alley.
At some point in time, in the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher and the woman tease each other.
At some point in time, in the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher and the woman move outside on the balcony of a house on top of mountains.
At some point in time, in the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher performs acrobatic moves.
At some point in time, in the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher does a pull-up onto the roof to kiss his partner.
At some point in time, all previous scenes in the music video for "There Goes My Baby" are intercut.
At some point in time, in the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher seduces his partner in bed.
At some point in time, in the music video for "There Goes My Baby," Usher appears in racy moments in nothing but briefs as he pulls off his partner's stockings.
At some point in time, the final scene of the music video for "There Goes My Baby" shows Usher driving off in a convertible.
At some point in time, Jayson Rodriguez of MTV News positively reviewed the music video for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Megan Vick of Billboard said the music video for "There Goes My Baby" was classic Usher.
At some point in time, Megan Vick of Billboard noted the stunning women in the music video for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Megan Vick of Billboard noted the architectural scenery in the music video for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Megan Vick of Billboard noted Usher's rippling abs in the music video for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, AOL Boombox said Usher "sexes it up" in the music video for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, AOL Boombox stated Usher "proudly proclaims" the song's title in the music video for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Brad Wete of Entertainment Weekly gave the music video for "There Goes My Baby" a mixed review.
At some point in time, Brad Wete of Entertainment Weekly complimented Usher's trademark sexual videos.
At some point in time, Brad Wete of Entertainment Weekly said the music video for "There Goes My Baby" was not "new territory" for Usher.
At some point in time, Brad Wete of Entertainment Weekly preferred Usher to take a video route as he did in 2008's "Trading Places."
At some point in time, while promoting Raymond v. Raymond, Usher performed "There Goes My Baby" on Good Morning America.
At some point in time, Usher sang "There Goes My Baby" on Lopez Tonight on June 2, 2010.
At some point in time, Usher sang "There Goes My Baby" on The View on June 9, 2010.
At some point in time, Usher performed "There Goes My Baby" at the 2010 BET Awards in June 2010.
At some point in time, in August 2010, Usher sang "There Goes My Baby" at his 2010 World Leadership Awards for his New Look Foundation.
At some point in time, Usher performed alongside other performers, friend Ciara, and protégé Justin Bieber at the 2010 World Leadership Awards.
At some point in time, in August 2010, Usher appeared on The Early Show as part of their summer concert series.
At some point in time, on September 17, 2010, Usher performed "There Goes My Baby" alongside "DJ Got Us Fallin' in Love" on Jimmy Kimmel Live!.
At some point in time, "There Goes My Baby" has a digital download length of 4:44.
At some point in time, Rico Love, James Scheffer, Frank Romano, and Danny Morris are credited with songwriting for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Jim Jonsin and Rico Love are credited with production for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Jim Jonsin and Danny Morris are credited with keyboards and programming for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Frank Romano is credited with guitars for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Rico Love is credited with additional vocals for "There Goes My Baby."
At some point in time, Ian Cross recorded "There Goes My Baby" with assistance from Thomas McCrea and Jason Wilkie.
At some point in time, Mark “Spike" Stent mixed "There Goes My Baby" with assistance from Matty Green.