At some point in time, "Treehouse of Horror III" is the fifth episode of The Simpsons' fourth season.
At some point in time, "Treehouse of Horror III" originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on October 29, 1992.
At some point in time, Homer buys Bart an evil talking Krusty doll in "Treehouse of Horror III."
At some point in time, King Homer is captured by Mr. Burns in "Treehouse of Horror III."
At some point in time, Bart and Lisa inadvertently cause zombies to attack Springfield in "Treehouse of Horror III."
At some point in time, the episode was written by Al Jean, Mike Reiss, Jay Kogen, Wallace Wolodarsky, Sam Simon, and Jon Vitti.
At some point in time, Carlos Baeza directed "Treehouse of Horror III."
At some point in time, The Simpsons are having a Halloween party for the children of Springfield.
At some point in time, Lisa tells a horror story at the Halloween party.
At some point in time, Grampa tells a horror story at the Halloween party.
At some point in time, Bart tells a horror story at the Halloween party.
At some point in time, Homer realizes that he forgot to buy Bart a present for Bart's birthday.
At some point in time, Homer rushes to the House of Evil.
At some point in time, Homer purchases a talking Krusty the Clown doll at the House of Evil.
At some point in time, the shopkeeper warns Homer that the doll is cursed.
At some point in time, Homer dismisses the shopkeeper's concerns.
At some point in time, Homer gives Bart the doll at the party.
At some point in time, Grandpa exclaims that the doll is evil.
At some point in time, Grandpa admits that he is just saying the doll is evil to get attention.
At some point in time, Homer is playing with the doll when the doll starts saying that it is going to kill Homer.
At some point in time, Homer dismisses the doll's threat until the doll threatens to stab him.
At some point in time, the doll makes numerous attempts on Homer's life.
At some point in time, Homer captures the evil Krusty doll.
At some point in time, Homer locks the evil Krusty doll in a suitcase.
At some point in time, Homer drops the suitcase in a "Bottomless Pit."
At some point in time, Homer is ambushed by the escaped doll when he returns home.
At some point in time, the doll tackles Homer into the kitchen.
At some point in time, the doll tries to drown Homer in Santa's Little Helper's dog bowl.
At some point in time, Marge calls the consumer service hotline.
At some point in time, a repairman arrives and discovers that the doll has been set to "Evil" mode.
At some point in time, the repairman flips the switch to "Good."
At some point in time, the Krusty doll becomes friends with Homer after the switch is flipped.
At some point in time, a few hours later, the Krusty doll is working as Homer's slave.
At some point in time, the Krusty doll returns to his girlfriend, a Malibu Stacy doll, in Lisa's dollhouse.
At some point in time, Marge joins Mr. Burns and Smithers on an expedition to Ape Island.
At some point in time, Marge, Mr. Burns, and Smithers are searching for the legendary King Homer on Ape Island.
At some point in time, Mr. Burns, Smithers, and Marge stealthily approach a native tribe.
At some point in time, Marge's hair protrudes over the bushes, causing the villagers to spot them.
At some point in time, the villagers agree that "The blue-haired woman would make a good sacrifice."
At some point in time, the villagers tie Marge to a post as an offering.
At some point in time, the sound of drums summons King Homer.
At some point in time, Marge is initially terrified of King Homer.
At some point in time, Marge sees the friendly side of King Homer when he is attracted to Marge's perfume.
At some point in time, Marge and King Homer form a friendship.
At some point in time, Mr. Burns is determined to capture King Homer.
At some point in time, Smithers knocks King Homer unconscious with a gas bomb.
At some point in time, the group returns to New York after capturing King Homer.
At some point in time, the group displays King Homer at the Broadway theatre.
At some point in time, the photographers' flashes enrage King Homer.
At some point in time, King Homer breaks free from his restraints.
At some point in time, King Homer abducts Marge.
At some point in time, King Homer attempts to climb the Empire State Building.
At some point in time, King Homer is unable to get past the second story of the Empire State Building.
At some point in time, King Homer collapses in exhaustion.
At some point in time, King Homer and Marge get married in the end.
At some point in time, the story ends with the wedding of King Homer and Marge.
At some point in time, Bart finds a book of black magic in the Springfield Elementary library.
At some point in time, Bart gets attached to the book of black magic.
At some point in time, Lisa reminisces about the family's dead cat, Snowball I, that night.
At some point in time, Bart suggests that he could use the book to resurrect Snowball I.
At some point in time, Bart and Lisa go to the Springfield pet cemetery.
At some point in time, Bart utters an incantation from the book at the pet cemetery.
At some point in time, Bart accidentally reanimates corpses from the nearby human cemetery instead of resurrecting Snowball I.
At some point in time, the zombies terrorize Springfield.
At some point in time, the zombies turn many people into zombies.
At some point in time, the Simpson family barricades all the doors and windows except for the back door.
At some point in time, Homer forgets to barricade the back door.
At some point in time, several zombies break into the house.
At some point in time, Homer sacrifices himself to give the others time to escape.
At some point in time, the zombies leave Homer when they realize he does not have enough brains for them to eat.
At some point in time, Lisa realizes that the school library must have a book that can reverse the spell.
At some point in time, the Simpsons arrive at the Springfield Elementary library.
At some point in time, Bart casts the appropriate counter spell in the library.
At some point in time, the counter spell causes all zombies to return to their graves.
At some point in time, the episode originally encountered trouble when the color version came back from Korea.
At some point in time, the writers made almost 100 line changes with only six weeks to the airdate.
At some point in time, it was decided to completely overhaul the episode after a poorly received screening with the writing staff.
At some point in time, the tombstones that appeared at the start of and during the episode were abandoned in later episodes.
At some point in time, it became increasingly difficult to think of ideas for tombstones in later episodes.
At some point in time, a subtle tombstone joke appears in this episode.
At some point in time, two zombies are crawling out of their graves in a scene.
At some point in time, the names Jay Kogen and Wolodarsky are written on the tombstones.
At some point in time, the names Jay Kogen and Wolodarsky are misspelled on the tombstones.
At some point in time, the "King Homer" segment is one of Matt Groening's all-time favorite stories from the Treehouse of Horror series.
At some point in time, Al Jean was worried about the "King Homer" segment.
At some point in time, the "King Homer" segment was the longest running black-and-white segment they had ever aired.
At some point in time, Al Jean thought that some people might be concerned that their televisions were broken.
At some point in time, the line "He (Flanders) was a zombie?" was created by Mike Reiss.
At some point in time, the writers believe that the line "He (Flanders) was a zombie?" is one of the all-time classic lines from the series.
At some point in time, the opening sequence where Homer walks into Alfred Hitchcock's silhouette is a parody of Alfred Hitchcock Presents.
At some point in time, the opening sequence was meant to show Homer's stomach bigger than that of the outline.
At some point in time, not many people realized the joke in the opening sequence.
At some point in time, Bart is dressed as Alex from the film A Clockwork Orange in the episode's wraparounds.
At some point in time, the "Clown Without Pity" segment is based on the Twilight Zone episode "Living Doll."
At some point in time, the "Clown Without Pity" segment is based on the film Trilogy of Terror.
At some point in time, the title "Clown Without Pity" is a play on the song "Town Without Pity" by Gene Pitney.
At some point in time, the man that gives Homer the Krusty doll is based on Mr. Wing from the film Gremlins.
At some point in time, the Krusty doll riding under Homer's car is a reference to the 1991 film Cape Fear.
At some point in time, the "King Homer" segment is a parody of the 1933 film King Kong.
At some point in time, in "King Homer," the tribal leader is heard saying "Mosi Tatupu, Mosi Tatupu."
At some point in time, "Mosi Tatupu, Mosi Tatupu" means they will sacrifice the blue-haired lady.
At some point in time, the title "Dial 'Z' for Zombies" is a play on the title of the 1954 Hitchcock film Dial M for Murder.
At some point in time, some aspects of "Dial 'Z' for Zombies" are from the film Night of the Living Dead.
At some point in time, in the pet cemetery, there are tombstones that read Fish Police, Capitol Critters, and Family Dog.
At some point in time, Fish Police, Capitol Critters, and Family Dog are each short-lived animated series intended to capitalize on The Simpsons' success.
At some point in time, Bart wears Michael Jackson's record album cover Thriller on his head when raising the dead from their graves.
At some point in time, Bart's wearing of Michael Jackson's record album cover Thriller is a reference to Jackson's famous music video.
At some point in time, in Jackson's famous music video, he dances with zombies.
At some point in time, "Treehouse of Horror III" finished 20th in ratings for the week of October 26 – November 1, 1992.
At some point in time, "Treehouse of Horror III" had a Nielsen rating of 14.7.
At some point in time, a Nielsen rating of 14.7 is equivalent to approximately 13.7 million viewing households.
At some point in time, "Treehouse of Horror III" was the highest-rated show on the Fox network that week.
At some point in time, "Treehouse of Horror III" beat In Living Color in ratings.
At some point in time, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood thoroughly enjoyed "Treehouse of Horror III."
At some point in time, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood described "Treehouse of Horror III" as "Another seasonal treat."
At some point in time, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood found "Dial Z for Zombies" particularly impressive.
At some point in time, in 2006, IGN voted "Dial Z For Zombies" as the second best segment of the Treehouse of Horror episodes.
At some point in time, "Clown Without Pity" was rated sixth by IGN.
At some point in time, in the film 28 Days Later, Sgt. Ferrell mentions that his favorite joke from The Simpsons was the line "Women and seamen (semen) don't mix."
At some point in time, the line "Women and seamen (semen) don't mix" was said by Smithers during the "King Homer" segment.
At some point in time, the episode's reference to Night of the Living Dead was named the 16th greatest film reference in the history of The Simpsons by Total Film's Nathan Ditum.