At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert was the fourth of seven tropical cyclones to make landfall in Mexico during 2005.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert formed in July in the Bay of Campeche.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert became the seventh named storm of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert crossed Honduras and the Yucatán peninsula.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert organized into Tropical Depression Seven on the afternoon of July 23.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert was upgraded to Tropical Storm Gert early on July 24.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert gained the record for the earliest formation of a seventh named storm in an Atlantic hurricane season.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert made landfall south of Tampico, Tamaulipas, late on July 24.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert had maximum sustained winds of 45 mph.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert had a minimum central pressure of 1005 mbar.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert moved inland over central Mexico.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert dissipated on July 25.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert struck in approximately the same area as Hurricane Emily just four days earlier.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert caused fear of flooding and landslides due to saturated lands.
At some point in time, approximately 1,000 people were evacuated from low-lying residences and businesses near the towns of Naranjos Amatlán and Tamiahua.
At some point in time, a tropical wave entered the Atlantic Ocean from Africa on July 10.
At some point in time, the tropical wave developed into an area of low pressure while passing over Cape Verde.
At some point in time, the low pressure area failed to develop into a tropical cyclone due to cool waters on the sea surface and wind shear.
At some point in time, the tropical wave continued traveling westward through the Lesser Antilles until July 18.
At some point in time, on July 18, the tropical wave split in two.
At some point in time, the northern half of the tropical wave moved northwest and developed into Tropical Storm Franklin over the Bahamas.
At some point in time, the southern half of the tropical wave continued westward.
At some point in time, the southern half of the tropical wave had increasing associated thunderstorm activity.
At some point in time, on July 22, a new low pressure area developed while the tropical wave was located over the Gulf of Honduras.
At some point in time, the new low pressure area was unable to develop further because the storm quickly moved over the Yucatán Peninsula.
At some point in time, the system entered the Bay of Campeche after passing through the Yucatán Peninsula.
At some point in time, the system lacked any deep convection upon entering the Bay of Campeche.
At some point in time, the tropical wave quickly developed the deep convection needed to become a tropical cyclone.
At some point in time, the Sierra Madre Oriental enhanced large-scale rotation of the disturbance.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center in Miami, Florida designated the system as Tropical Depression Seven.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Seven was located just 255 miles east-southeast of Tuxpan, Mexico.
At some point in time, early on July 24, the cyclone was upgraded to a tropical storm with winds of 40 mph.
At some point in time, the cyclone received the name Gert.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert continued to move northwest after becoming a tropical storm.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert reached a peak intensity of 45 mph.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert made landfall just 6 miles to the southeast of Pánuco.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert made landfall at 10:00 p.m. CDT.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert quickly weakened back to tropical depression strength early on July 25.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert became a remnant low twelve hours after weakening.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert dissipated over the mountains of central Mexico.
At some point in time, the track of Tropical Storm Gert was slightly more to the north than the National Hurricane Center's initial predictions.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center predicted that Tropical Storm Gert could intensify further.
Tropical Storm Gert did not intensify further.
At some point in time, the primary emphasis of the forecasts was on the impact the rainfall from Tropical Storm Gert could cause.
At some point in time, the area of Mexico had been hit previously in the season by other hurricanes.
At some point in time, on July 23, the Mexican Servicio Meteorológico Nacional issued a tropical storm warning for the eastern Mexican Gulf coast.
At some point in time, the tropical storm warning was issued between Palma Sola and Cabo Rojo.
At some point in time, a tropical storm watch was issued from Cabo Rojo northward until reaching La Cruz.
At some point in time, on July 23, the government of Veracruz declared a state of emergency in 24 municipalities of the state.
At some point in time, the state of emergency made money from the National Disaster Fund available to those affected by the storm.
At some point in time, as Tropical Storm Gert came closer to the littoral, the tropical storm warning was extended northwards to La Cruz.
At some point in time, the tropical storm warning was extended to La Pesca.
At some point in time, the tropical storm warning was canceled shortly after landfall.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert struck just south of where Category 3 Hurricane Emily had struck.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Gert struck where Tropical Storm Bret hit in late June.
At some point in time, there were concerns that serious flooding and mudslides would result due to saturated ground.
At some point in time, about 1,000 people were evacuated from low-lying residences and businesses near the towns of Naranjos Amatlán and Tamiahua in Veracruz.
At some point in time, about 6,000 people were evacuated throughout Tamaulipas.
At some point in time, the highest 24-hour rainfall report was 214.9 mm in Tamuin, San Luis Potosí.
At some point in time, the highest 24-hour rainfall report was 185.2 mm in Tamesi, Tamaulipas.
At some point in time, the highest precipitation reading associated with Tropical Storm Gert was 117 mm in El Higo, Veracruz.
At some point in time, damage overall from Tropical Storm Gert was minimal.
At some point in time, damage from Tropical Storm Gert amounted to $6 million (2005 USD).
At some point in time, damage from Tropical Storm Gert amounted to $60 million (2005 MXN).
At some point in time, there was only one reported fatality from Tropical Storm Gert.
At some point in time, the reported fatality was from a man who was carried away by the La Silla River.
At some point in time, the man was pushing a stalled car across the flooded stream.
At some point in time, most of the damage in Tamaulipas was in farmland and in residents' dwellings.
At some point in time, the damage in Tamaulipas was primarily near Matamoros, Valle Hermoso, Reynosa, and San Fernando.
At some point in time, part of the city of Matamoros lost power and running water.
At some point in time, two schools were damaged in Valle Hermoso.
At some point in time, in Reynosa, 180 people were evacuated from low-lying areas in five districts of the city.
At some point in time, in San Fernando, the main highway through the city was closed.
At some point in time, traffic on the bridge over the Conchos River was restricted to one lane in San Fernando.
At some point in time, in Mier, the spillway of the Las Blancas Dam was overtopped.
At some point in time, the overtopping of the spillway caused a river bridge to be destroyed.
At some point in time, the overtopping of the spillway caused electric power to be lost.
At some point in time, in Río Bravo, 50 families were evacuated.
At some point in time, seven collective farms became hard to reach by road in Río Bravo.
At some point in time, approximately 90% of the residences in the farms were affected by the storm in Río Bravo.
At some point in time, in Altamira, 200 families were evacuated.
At some point in time, the 200 families in Altamira were relocated to seven shelters.
At some point in time, in the municipalities of Burgos, Cruillas, and Méndez, there was flooding in collective farms and family dwellings.
At some point in time, the municipalities of Mier, Reynosa, Río Bravo, Valle Hermoso, Matamoros, San Fernando, San Carlos, Burgos, Cruillas, Méndez, Soto la Marina, Mante, and Altamira were affected in Tamaulipas.
At some point in time, the municipalities in Tamaulipas lost potable water and electricity.
At some point in time, the state government promised to take the necessary steps to prevent an outbreak of dengue and West Nile virus.
At some point in time, by June 29, there had already been 187 cases of classic dengue.
At some point in time, by June 29, there had already been 29 cases of hemorrhagic dengue.
At some point in time, the number of classic dengue cases was up from 8 cases two years before.
There were no cases of classic dengue the previous year.
At some point in time, in Nuevo León, about 6,000 residents who lived near the Conchos, Guayalejo, and Grande Rivers were evacuated from their residences.
At some point in time, the precipitation from Tropical Storm Gert caused about 100 collective farms to become isolated from the rest of the state in the municipality of Montemorelos.
At some point in time, in the city of Montemorelos, one building was evacuated.
At some point in time, a 100 ft fissure appeared on the ground near the evacuated building in Montemorelos.
At some point in time, in the municipalities of San Vicente Tancuayalab, Valles, and Ebano, 100 people were evacuated.