At some point in time, No. 77 Wing was a Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) wing of World War II.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing formed part of No. 10 Operational Group at its establishment in November 1943.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing comprised three squadrons equipped with Vultee Vengeance dive bombers at its establishment.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing commenced operations in early 1944.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing flew out of Nadzab, Papua New Guinea.
At some point in time, the Vengeance units were withdrawn from combat soon after No. 77 Wing commenced operations.
At some point in time, the Vengeance units were replaced with squadrons flying Douglas Bostons.
At some point in time, the Vengeance units were replaced with squadrons flying Bristol Beaufighters.
At some point in time, the Vengeance units were replaced with squadrons flying Bristol Beauforts.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing saw action in the assaults on Noemfoor.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing saw action in the assaults on Tarakan.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing saw action in the assaults on North Borneo.
At some point in time, by a certain time, No. 77 Wing was an all-Beaufighter formation.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing was made up of Nos. 22, 30, and 31 Squadrons.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing was to have taken part in the Battle of Balikpapan in June 1945.
At some point in time, unsuitable landing grounds meant that the Beaufighter units were withdrawn to Morotai.
At some point in time, the Beaufighter units sat out the remainder of the war before returning to Australia.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing disbanded in 1946.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing formed the attack component of No. 10 Operational Group.
At some point in time, No. 10 Operational Group was established on 13 November 1943.
At some point in time, No. 10 Operational Group was to act as a mobile strike force.
At some point in time, No. 10 Operational Group was capable of supporting Allied ground and naval units.
At some point in time, Allied ground and naval units advanced against the Japanese in the South West Pacific Area (SWPA).
At some point in time, RAAF's area commands in Northern Australia had a geographically based static defence function.
At some point in time, Wing Commander E.G. Fyfe led No. 77 Wing.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing consisted of three flying squadrons operating Vultee Vengeance dive bombers.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing consisted of various ancillary units.
At some point in time, the Vengeances had only recently been acquired by Australia.
At some point in time, Nos. 21, 23, and 24 Squadrons were equipped with Vengeances.
At some point in time, No. 10 Operational Group's fighter component was No. 78 Wing.
At some point in time, No. 78 Wing operated Curtiss Kittyhawks.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing only became fully operational on 18 February 1944.
At some point in time, Nos. 21 and 23 Squadrons arrived from Lowood, Queensland on 18 February 1944.
At some point in time, No. 24 Squadron was already based in the theatre of operations.
At some point in time, No. 24 Squadron carried out its first sortie on 17 January.
At some point in time, No. 24 Squadron bombed targets along Shaggy Ridge in support of the Australian 7th Division.
At some point in time, throughout February, the Vengeances concentrated on harassing the retreating Japanese 20th Division.
At some point in time, throughout February, the Vengeances attacked enemy airfields in the Madang Province.
At some point in time, a decision was made in March to withdraw the dive bombers from operations.
At some point in time, the dive bombers were withdrawn due to their inferiority to newer equipment.
At some point in time, three RAAF squadrons were assigned to No. 77 Wing as replacements.
At some point in time, No. 22 Squadron flew Douglas Bostons.
At some point in time, No. 30 Squadron flew Bristol Beaufighters.
At some point in time, one other squadron from No. 9 Operational Group flew Bristol Beauforts.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing took part in the Battle of Noemfoor, commencing in June 1944.
At some point in time, wing headquarters relocated to Noemfoor Island in July 1944.
At some point in time, Nos. 22 and 30 Squadrons relocated to Noemfoor Island the next month.
At some point in time, No. 10 Operational Group's name was changed to the Australian First Tactical Air Force on 25 October 1944.
At some point in time, the name change was to emphasize the formation's impressive size and ambitious purpose.
At some point in time, the wing's aircraft were credited with sinking 24 enemy transport ships and barges in October 1944.
At some point in time, the wing's actions supported the Allied landings during the Battle of Leyte.
At some point in time, the wing advanced to the island of Morotai in November 1944.
At some point in time, the wing attacked Japanese airfields in November 1944.
At some point in time, the wing attacked Japanese shipping in November 1944.
At some point in time, the wing attacked Japanese infrastructure on Celebes in November 1944.
At some point in time, by the end of the year, Wing Commander Charles Read had taken over command of No. 77 Wing.
At some point in time, No. 31 Squadron was a Beaufighter unit previously based in Darwin, Northern Territory.
At some point in time, No. 31 Squadron was part of North-Western Area Command.
At some point in time, No. 22 Squadron was withdrawn to Noemfoor in December to re-equip with Beaufighters.
At some point in time, upon its return, No. 77 Wing became an all-Beaufighter formation.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing operated three squadrons of Beaufighters.
At some point in time, during the first week of January 1945, No. 77 Wing's aircraft undertook 142 missions.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing's aircraft undertook missions against targets in Halmahera.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing's aircraft undertook missions against targets in Celebes.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing's aircraft undertook missions against targets in Morotai.
At some point in time, in May 1945, the Beaufighters provided air cover during Operation Oboe One.
At some point in time, Operation Oboe One was the Battle of Tarakan.
At some point in time, in the days leading up to Operation Oboe Six, No. 77 Wing attacked enemy targets at Labuan.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing sometimes attacked within only 100 metres of Allied demolition teams.
At some point in time, Allied demolition teams were laying charges to breach obstacles on the beach prior to the landings.
At some point in time, Charles Read personally led No. 31 Squadron into action during the Battle of North Borneo.
At some point in time, Charles Read became the first RAAF pilot to land at the newly operational Tarakan airfield on 28 June 1945.
At some point in time, No. 77 Wing was to have taken part in Operation Oboe Two.
At some point in time, Operation Oboe Two was the Battle of Balikpapan.
At some point in time, Tarakan proved to be unsuitable for the Beaufighters to operate from.
At some point in time, the Beaufighters were withdrawn to Morotai.
At some point in time, the Beaufighters largely sat out the rest of the Pacific War.
At some point in time, No. 71 Wing headquarters transferred to Deniliquin, New South Wales, in December 1945.
At some point in time, Nos. 22 and 30 Squadrons joined No. 71 Wing headquarters in Deniliquin.
At some point in time, Nos. 22 and 30 Squadrons disbanded in August 1946.
At some point in time, No. 31 Squadron transferred from Morotai to Williamtown.
At some point in time, No. 31 Squadron disbanded in July 1946.
At some point in time, No. 71 Wing headquarters disbanded at Deniliquin in November 1946.