At some point in time, Pathlight School is a special school for high-functioning children with autism.
At some point in time, Pathlight School is located in Ang Mo Kio, Singapore.
At some point in time, Pathlight School was founded in 2004.
At some point in time, Pathlight School is run by the non-profit Autism Resource Centre.
At some point in time, Pathlight School comprises one half of the national educational provision for autistic children.
At some point in time, Pathlight School coaches students in social and life skills.
At some point in time, Pathlight School teaches students mainstream curriculum subjects.
At some point in time, Pathlight School prepares students for employment in an autism-friendly environment.
At some point in time, Pathlight School has more than 500 pupils enrolled.
At some point in time, Pathlight School is noted for its achievements in special education in Singapore.
At some point in time, in 2003, the Autism Resource Centre launched a project to provide comprehensive support for autistic Singaporeans.
At some point in time, the project included plans to set up the first autism-focused special school in Singapore.
At some point in time, the Autism Resource Centre collaborated with the Rainbow Centre over a period of five months.
At some point in time, the collaboration involved renovating the temporary campus.
At some point in time, the collaboration involved recruiting school staff.
At some point in time, the collaboration involved deciding on the school values.
At some point in time, the collaboration involved developing the school programmes.
At some point in time, Pathlight School opened in 2004 with 10 teachers.
At some point in time, Pathlight School opened in 2004 with 41 students.
At some point in time, Pathlight School conducted charity walks to raise funds.
At some point in time, Pathlight School conducted merchandise sales to raise funds.
At some point in time, Pathlight School conducted other events to raise funds.
At some point in time, Pathlight School raised funds for the introduction of more programmes for an expanding intake.
At some point in time, in 2007, two teachers from Pathlight School won the inaugural Most Outstanding Special Education Teacher Award.
At some point in time, in 2007, two teachers from Pathlight School won the Most Innovative Special Education Teacher Award.
At some point in time, the awards were given by the Singaporean Ministry of Education and National Council of Social Service.
At some point in time, in 2009, the Autism Association of Singapore launched a second autism-focused special school called Eden School.
At some point in time, Pathlight School and Eden School formed a partnership.
At some point in time, in the following year, Pathlight School moved to its permanent campus.
At some point in time, Pathlight School announced plans to develop student internship programmes.
At some point in time, Pathlight School announced plans to build an information technology centre.
At some point in time, Pathlight School announced plans to set up a lifelong learning club for alumni.
At some point in time, the permanent campus of Pathlight School is located at Ang Mo Kio Avenue 10.
At some point in time, the permanent campus of Pathlight School was constructed by W Architects.
At some point in time, the construction of the permanent campus cost S$34 million.
At some point in time, the permanent campus spans 1.6 hectares.
At some point in time, the permanent campus includes 45 classrooms.
At some point in time, the permanent campus includes four computer labs.
At some point in time, the permanent campus includes three courtyards.
At some point in time, the permanent campus includes an industrial kitchen.
At some point in time, the permanent campus includes a multi-purpose area.
At some point in time, the permanent campus includes special art rooms.
At some point in time, the permanent campus includes special music rooms.
At some point in time, the permanent campus includes special design rooms.
At some point in time, the campus was designed to offer students dignity.
At some point in time, the campus was designed to provide an autism-friendly environment.
At some point in time, the walls and floors of the campus have a simple colour scheme.
At some point in time, the simple colour scheme is intended to avoid triggering sensory overload.
At some point in time, the taps in the canteen are slightly different from each other.
At some point in time, the different taps in the canteen help students learn to adopt less rigid routines.
At some point in time, due to limited facilities, some academic lessons are conducted by Pathlight teachers at nearby mainstream schools.
At some point in time, satellite classes are conducted at Chong Boon Secondary School.
At some point in time, satellite classes are conducted at Pierce Secondary School.
At some point in time, satellite classes are conducted at Bishan Park Secondary School.
At some point in time, in 2014/2015, Yio Chu Kang Secondary School will be introduced.
At some point in time, as of 2012, Pathlight School introduced two campuses.
At some point in time, Campus 1 includes Primary 1 to 4 and Vocational Track.
At some point in time, Campus 2 includes Primary 5 to 6 and Secondary School.
At some point in time, in 2013, Primary 4 was moved to Campus 2.
At some point in time, in 2015, Primary 3 was moved to Campus 2.
At some point in time, the Secondary School moved to Campus 1 in 2015.
At some point in time, Pathlight School uses the same academic curriculum as mainstream primary and secondary schools.
At some point in time, the sole exception is that mother tongue lessons are replaced with classes covering social and life skills.
At some point in time, Pathlight School accommodates the needs of students with smaller class sizes.
At some point in time, Pathlight School employs staff trained to handle autistic children.
At some point in time, Pathlight School uses more visual teaching methods.
At some point in time, Pathlight School provides more predictable environments.
At some point in time, Pathlight School develops individual education plans for each student.
At some point in time, satellite classes give students regular opportunities to interact with neurotypical peers.
At some point in time, exceptional students are allowed to attend classes with mainstream students for some subjects.
At some point in time, Pathlight School runs computing courses.
At some point in time, Pathlight School has a design studio.
At some point in time, Pathlight School has a cafe staffed by students.
At some point in time, Pathlight School produces book compilations of thoughts written by students.
At some point in time, Pathlight School conducts exhibitions of student artwork.
At some point in time, Pathlight School sells merchandise made by students.
At some point in time, Pathlight School helps students develop useful skills.
At some point in time, Pathlight School raises funds for the school.
At some point in time, Pathlight School raises awareness of autism.
At some point in time, Pathlight School has hosted autism events such as the WeCAN Learning Congress 2010.
At some point in time, over 20 international experts shared their best practices in autism care at the WeCAN Learning Congress 2010.
At some point in time, about 560 delegates attended the WeCAN Learning Congress 2010.
At some point in time, if a student is taking N or O level, they will have a 2-year programme.
At some point in time, the 2-year programme will take place in Secondary 4 for Express and Normal Technical.
At some point in time, the 2-year programme will take place in Secondary 5 for Normal Academic.
At some point in time, the Express and Normal Technical courses will be 5-year courses.
At some point in time, the Normal Academic course will be a 6-year course.
At some point in time, as of 2010, Pathlight School had an enrolment of over 500 students.
At some point in time, about 40% of students had their school fees of S$500 subsidised.
At some point in time, Pathlight School caters to autistic Singaporeans aged six to 18.
At some point in time, students are able to access the mainstream curriculum because they are high-functioning.
At some point in time, students would have difficulty learning in a mainstream school.
At some point in time, most students take mainstream national examinations such as the PSLE and O Levels.
At some point in time, the results of Pathlight School students are comparable to students from mainstream schools.
At some point in time, some Pathlight School students enter mainstream tertiary institutions.
At some point in time, about 10% of students take a vocational track.
At some point in time, students on the vocational track may transfer to Eden School.
At some point in time, Eden School caters to lower-functioning autistic children.
At some point in time, Eden School focuses on vocational training.
At some point in time, students from Pathlight School have participated in national competitions.
At some point in time, students from Pathlight School have won national competitions such as the National Youth Business Challenge 2010.
At some point in time, in 2015, the student enrolment had increased to 1,000 students.
At some point in time, the number of students at Pathlight School had been growing.
At some point in time, from 2016 onwards, the Secondary School Express course had been increased to five years.
At some point in time, from 2016 onwards, the Normal Academic Course had been increased to six years.
At some point in time, the Normal Technical course will stay the same.
At some point in time, Pathlight School is run by the Autism Resource Centre.
At some point in time, the Autism Resource Centre is a non-profit organisation.
At some point in time, the Autism Resource Centre offers early intervention for autistic Singaporeans.
At some point in time, the Autism Resource Centre offers therapy for autistic Singaporeans.
At some point in time, the Autism Resource Centre offers training for autistic Singaporeans.
At some point in time, Pathlight School employs 81 staff members.
At some point in time, the staff members include teachers.
At some point in time, the staff members include therapists.
At some point in time, the staff members include autism consultants.
At some point in time, the school board is headed by Denise Phua.
At some point in time, Denise Phua is the founder of Pathlight School.
At some point in time, Denise Phua is the president of the Autism Resource Centre.
At some point in time, Denise Phua is a Member of Parliament.
At some point in time, the operating costs of Pathlight School are paid by the Ministry of Education.
At some point in time, the operating costs of Pathlight School are paid by the National Council of Social Service.
At some point in time, other costs are estimated at S$5 million per year.
At some point in time, other costs are funded through fees.
At some point in time, other costs are funded through donations.
At some point in time, other costs are funded through merchandise sales.
At some point in time, other costs are funded through fundraising events.
At some point in time, Pathlight School and Eden School have a centralised admission system.
At some point in time, Pathlight School and Eden School share various resources.
At some point in time, Pathlight School and Eden School together form the national provision of education for children across the autism spectrum.
At some point in time, the MRT stations are not near Pathlight School.
At some point in time, the MRT stations only pass by Pathlight School.
At some point in time, buses 45, 55, 261, and CT8 can be taken to both campuses.
At some point in time, the Townsville Primary School Stop does not serve CT8.
At some point in time, bus 55 provides access to Bishan MRT Station.
At some point in time, bus 261 provides access to Ang Mo Kio MRT Station.
At some point in time, no bus enters Ang Mo Kio Street 44 for Campus 2.
At some point in time, students have to walk to Campus 2.