At some point in time, at most three names and one numeric object can be allocated storage. At some point in time, all three names are bound to the same numeric object. At some point in time, a name will be bound to some object. At some point in time, the object will have a type. At some point in time, dynamic typing exists in Python. At some point in time, the if statement conditionally executes a block of code. At some point in time, the else statement conditionally executes a block of code if the if condition is false. At some point in time, the elif statement is a contraction of else-if. At some point in time, the for statement iterates over an iterable object. At some point in time, the for statement captures each element to a local variable for use by the attached block. At some point in time, the while statement executes a block of code as long as its condition is true. At some point in time, the try statement allows exceptions raised in its attached code block to be caught. At some point in time, the try statement allows exceptions to be handled by except clauses. At some point in time, the try statement ensures that clean-up code in a finally block will always be run. At some point in time, the class statement executes a block of code and attaches its local namespace to a class. At some point in time, the def statement defines a function or method. At some point in time, the with statement encloses a code block within a context manager. At some point in time, the with statement allows Resource Acquisition Is Initialization (RAII)-like behavior. At some point in time, the pass statement serves as a no-operation (NOP). At some point in time, the pass statement is syntactically needed to create an empty code block. At some point in time, the assert statement is used during debugging to check for conditions that ought to apply. At some point in time, the yield statement returns a value from a generator function. At some point in time, yield is also an operator in Python 2.5. At some point in time, the yield operator is used to implement coroutines. At some point in time, the import statement is used to import modules. At some point in time, the functions or variables of imported modules can be used in the current program. At some point in time, the print statement was changed to the print() function in Python 3. At some point in time, Python does not support tail call optimization. At some point in time, Python does not support first-class continuations. According to Guido van Rossum, Python will never support tail call optimization or first-class continuations. At some point in time, better support for coroutine-like functionality is provided in Python 2.5. At some point in time, Python 2.5 extended Python's generators. At some point in time, before Python 2.5, generators were lazy iterators. At some point in time, information was passed unidirectionally out of the generator before Python 2.5. At some point in time, as of Python 2.5, it is possible to pass information back into a generator function. At some point in time, as of Python 3.3, information can be passed through multiple stack levels. At some point in time, some Python expressions are similar to languages such as C and Java. At some point in time, some Python expressions are not similar to languages such as C and Java. At some point in time, addition is the same in Python, C, and Java. At some point in time, subtraction is the same in Python, C, and Java. At some point in time, multiplication is the same in Python, C, and Java. At some point in time, the behavior of division differs in Python compared to C and Java. At some point in time, Python added the ** operator for exponentiation. At some point in time, as of Python 3.5, Python supports matrix multiplication directly with the @ operator. At some point in time, C and Java implement matrix multiplication as library functions. At some point in time, earlier versions of Python used methods instead of an infix operator for matrix multiplication. At some point in time, in Python, == compares by value. At some point in time, Java compares numerics by value and objects by reference. At some point in time, value comparisons in Java on objects can be performed with the equals() method. At some point in time, Python's is operator may be used to compare object identities. At some point in time, Python's is operator performs comparison by reference. At some point in time, in Python, comparisons may be chained. At some point in time, an example of chained comparisons in Python is a <= b <= c. At some point in time, Python uses the words and, or, not for its boolean operators. At some point in time, Python does not use the symbolic &&, ||, ! used in Java and C. At some point in time, Python has a type of expression termed a list comprehension. At some point in time, Python 2.4 extended list comprehensions into a more general expression termed a generator expression. At some point in time, anonymous functions are implemented using lambda expressions. At some point in time, lambda expressions are limited in that the body can only be one expression. At some point in time, conditional expressions in Python are written as x if c else y. At some point in time, the order of operands in Python's conditional expressions differs from the c ? x : y operator common to many other languages. At some point in time, Python makes a distinction between lists and tuples. At some point in time, lists are written as [1, 2, 3]. At some point in time, lists are mutable. At some point in time, lists cannot be used as the keys of dictionaries. At some point in time, dictionary keys must be immutable in Python. At some point in time, tuples are written as (1, 2, 3). At some point in time, tuples are immutable. At some point in time, tuples can be used as the keys of dictionaries if all elements of the tuple are immutable. At some point in time, the parentheses around the tuple are optional in some contexts. At some point in time, tuples can appear on the left side of an equal sign. At some point in time, a statement like x, y = y, x can be used to swap two variables. At some point in time, Python has a "string format" operator %. At some point in time, the string format operator functions analogously to printf format strings in C. At some point in time, an example of the string format operator is "spam = %s eggs = %d" % ("blah", 2). At some point in time, in Python 3 and 2.6+, the string format operator was supplemented by the format() method of the str class. At some point in time, an example of the format() method is "spam = {0} eggs = {1}".format("blah", 2). At some point in time, Python has various kinds of string literals. At some point in time, strings are delimited by single or double quote marks. At some point in time, single quote marks and double quote marks function identically in Python. At some point in time, both kinds of string use the backslash (\) as an escape character. At some point in time, there is no implicit string interpolation in Python. At some point in time, triple-quoted strings begin and end with a series of three single or double quote marks. At some point in time, triple-quoted strings may span multiple lines. At some point in time, triple-quoted strings function like here documents in shells, Perl, and Ruby. At some point in time, raw string varieties are denoted by prefixing the string literal with an r. At some point in time, no escape sequences are interpreted in raw strings. At some point in time, raw strings are useful where literal backslashes are common. At some point in time, raw strings are useful in regular expressions and Windows-style paths. At some point in time, Python has array index expressions on lists. At some point in time, array index expressions are denoted as a[key]. At some point in time, Python has array slicing expressions on lists. At some point in time, array slicing expressions are denoted as a[start:stop] or a[start:stop:step]. At some point in time, indexes in Python are zero-based. At some point in time, negative indexes in Python are relative to the end of the list. At some point in time, slices take elements from the start index up to, but not including, the stop index. At some point in time, the third slice parameter is called step or stride. At some point in time, the step parameter allows elements to be skipped and reversed. At some point in time, slice indexes may be omitted in Python. At some point in time, an example of omitted slice indexes is a[:], which returns a copy of the entire list. At some point in time, each element of a slice is a shallow copy. At some point in time, in Python, a distinction between expressions and statements is rigidly enforced. At some point in time, the rigid enforcement of the distinction leads to duplicating some functionality. At some point in time, an example of duplicated functionality is list comprehensions versus for-loops. At some point in time, an example of duplicated functionality is conditional expressions versus if blocks. At some point in time, an example of duplicated functionality is eval() versus exec() built-in functions. At some point in time, in Python 2, exec is a statement. At some point in time, the eval() function is for expressions. At some point in time, the exec() function is for statements. At some point in time, statements cannot be a part of an expression in Python. At some point in time, list comprehensions cannot contain statements. At some point in time, lambda expressions cannot contain statements.