At some point in time, Richard Barrons was born on 17 May 1959.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons is a retired British Army officer.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was Commander Joint Forces Command from April 2013 until his retirement in April 2016.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons spent his early career in various staff and field posts in the UK.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons spent his early career in various staff and field posts across Europe.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons spent his early career in various staff and field posts in the Far East.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons worked at the Ministry of Defence.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons worked in education.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was sent to Germany in 1991.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served his first tour of duty in the Balkans in 1993.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons returned to the UK after serving in the Balkans.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons took up a staff position after returning to the UK.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons did a tour in Northern Ireland.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons became a Military Assistant to the High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons became a Military Assistant to the Chief of the General Staff.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served again in the Balkans between 2000 and 2003.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served in Afghanistan during the early days of the International Security Assistance Force.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served in a staff position in Basra, Iraq between 2000 and 2003.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served his second tour in Northern Ireland as a brigade commander in 2003.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was appointed Assistant Chief of Staff, Commitments in 2005.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to major general in 2008.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was deployed to Iraq for the second time in 2008.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was responsible for joint operations in Baghdad in 2008.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served briefly with the NATO Allied Rapid Reaction Corps.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was sent to Afghanistan for the second time.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons headed an ISAF reintegration unit in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons provided incentives for Taliban soldiers to surrender in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons later became Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff (Operations).
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was commissioned as a second lieutenant into the Royal Regiment of Artillery on 2 September 1977.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons studied Philosophy, Politics and Economics at The Queen's College, Oxford.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons completed his university cadetship on 21 June 1980.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' commission was confirmed in 1981.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons had seniority from 17 May 1977 when his commission was confirmed.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to lieutenant with seniority from 17 May 1979.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served in various positions across Europe and the Far East between 1980 and 1990.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served in a staff position at the Ministry of Defence in London between 1980 and 1990.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to captain on 19 November 1983.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons took a master's degree in Defence Administration in 1990.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons attended the British Army's Staff College, Camberley in 1991.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' first field officer promotion was to major in September 1991.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was sent to Germany to take up a position as chief of staff of 11 Armoured Brigade.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' 11 Armoured Brigade deployed to the Balkans in 1993.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served briefly as Balkans desk officer at the Directorate of Military Operations.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons became battery commander of B Battery, 1st Regiment Royal Horse Artillery from 1994 to 1996.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' service as battery commander included a tour of duty in Northern Ireland.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to lieutenant colonel on 30 June 1997.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served again in Bosnia after being promoted to lieutenant colonel.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served as Military Assistant to the High Representative for Bosnia and Herzegovina.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons served as Military Assistant to the Chief of the General Staff after serving in Bosnia.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons commanded 3rd Regiment Royal Horse Artillery, headquartered in Hohne, Germany.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' 3rd Regiment Royal Horse Artillery deployed to the Balkans again in 2001.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was appointed chief of staff of the 3rd (United Kingdom) Division at the end of 2001.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' division assisted in establishing the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons returned to the UK to attend the Higher Command and Staff Course after serving in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to colonel in June 2002.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' next deployment was to Iraq in 2003 as chief of staff of Multinational Division (South East).
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was stationed in Basra during his deployment to Iraq in 2003.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to brigadier on 31 December 2003.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons had seniority from 30 June 2003 when he was promoted to brigadier.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was posted to Northern Ireland after being promoted to brigadier.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons commanded 39 Infantry Brigade in Belfast for two years.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons had day-to-day responsibility for British Army operations as Assistant Chief of Staff, Commitments.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons attained general officer status in 2008.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to the substantive rank of major general in 2008.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was appointed Deputy Commanding General of Multi-National Corps – Iraq.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was posted to Baghdad to oversee joint operations conducted by the multinational force and the Iraqi Army.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons returned to the UK to take up a staff post in April 2009.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was chief of staff to the NATO Allied Rapid Reaction Corps in April 2009.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' appointment as chief of staff to the NATO Allied Rapid Reaction Corps was short-lived.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons deployed to Afghanistan at short notice in October 2009.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons established a force reintegration unit in Afghanistan in October 2009.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' role in Afghanistan was part of an effort to persuade Taliban fighters to rejoin society.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was hand-picked by American General Stanley A. McChrystal for his role in Afghanistan.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons defended the controversial scheme in interviews.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons stated that the scheme was not about buying insurgents off the battlefield.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons stated that the idea of the scheme was to benefit the whole community and turn against the insurgency.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons expressed his belief that the reintegration scheme could be done.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons stated that the time was right for the reintegration scheme.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons believed that the Afghan people would not get another opportunity like the reintegration scheme.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons stated that most Afghan people realized the importance of the reintegration scheme and were keen to take it.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' position as of February 2011 was Assistant Chief of the General Staff.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons became Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff (Operations) in May 2011.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons held the rank of lieutenant general when he became Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff (Operations).
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was announced to be appointed Commander Joint Forces Command on 24 January 2013.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was to be appointed Commander Joint Forces Command in April 2013.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was paid a salary of between £175,000 and £179,999 by the department as of 2015.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was one of the 328 most highly paid people in the British public sector as of 2015.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons handed over command of Joint Forces Command to General Sir Christopher Deverell in April 2016.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons co-authored a book titled "The Business General: Transform your business using seven secrets of military success."
At some point in time, Richard Barrons' book was published by Random House in 2006.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons co-authored the book with Deborah Tom.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons has lectured as a guest speaker at the University of Oxford.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was chairman of Firepower – The Royal Artillery Museum as of 2010.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was appointed Colonel Commandant of the Honourable Artillery Company in May 2013.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons is married.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons has two daughters.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 1993.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was appointed MBE in recognition of service during operations in the former Republic of Yugoslavia.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2000 New Year Honours.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) on 29 April 2003.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was promoted to CBE in recognition of gallant and distinguished services in Afghanistan during the period from 1 April 2002 to 30 September 2002.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was appointed a Knight Commander of the Order of the Bath (KCB) in the 2013 Birthday Honours.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was awarded his first Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service in 2004.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was awarded his first Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service for services in Iraq in 2003.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was awarded his second Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service in 2006.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was awarded his second Queen's Commendation for Valuable Service in recognition of his service in Northern Ireland in 2005.
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was awarded the United States Legion of Merit (Degree of Officer).
At some point in time, Richard Barrons was awarded the United States Legion of Merit in recognition of gallant and distinguished services during coalition operations in Iraq.