At some point in time, Holger Glinicki was born on 25 October 1952.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki is a German wheelchair basketball coach.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki coached Hamburger SV.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki was assistant coach of the German women's national wheelchair basketball team from 2003 to 2005.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki has been coach of the German women's national wheelchair basketball team since 2006.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five European championships during Holger Glinicki's coaching.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki was paralyzed following a motorcycle accident in 1972.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki broke his fourth thoracic vertebra in a motorcycle accident in 1972.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki became involved in disability sports.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki played wheelchair basketball for RSC Hamburg.
At some point in time, RSC Hamburg were the German national champions in 1983.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki played a total of 123 international games.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki became assistant coach of the German women's national wheelchair basketball team in 2003.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki became coach of the German women's national wheelchair basketball team in 2006.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2003.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2005.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2007.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2009.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won five consecutive European championships in 2011.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team started off slow in its games against the United States at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team started off slow in its games against China at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won its games against the United States by slim six-point margins at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won its games against China by slim six-point margins at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, Marina Mohnen thought that the German women's national wheelchair basketball team played their best basketball only in the final minutes of a game.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team defeated the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won the gold medal by defeating the Australia women's national wheelchair basketball team by 44-58 at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the crowd at the North Greenwich Arena was over 12,000 during the final match of the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the gold medal won by the German women's national wheelchair basketball team at the 2012 Summer Paralympics was the first gold medal that Germany had won in women's wheelchair basketball at the Paralympics since 1984.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team was awarded the Silver Laurel Leaf by President Joachim Gauck in November 2012.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team was named Team of the Year for 2012.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki celebrated the gold medal win by plunging off Canary Wharf into London's River Thames.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki was named Hamburg's coach of the year for 2012.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki was philosophical about the gold medal win.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki noted in December 2012 that there were many awards and ceremonies.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki noted in December 2012 that the memory of London was fading over time.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki returned to coaching his club team, Hamburger SV.
At some point in time, Hamburger SV is now renamed BG Baskets Hamburg.
At some point in time, BG Baskets Hamburg included national team members Mareike Adermann and Edina Müller.
At some point in time, BG Baskets Hamburg included Australia's Bridie Kean.
At some point in time, BG Baskets Hamburg won the national championship for the eighth time in 2013.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team lost the European Championship to the Netherlands by a point in July 2013.
At some point in time, the score of the European Championship match between the German women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Netherlands was 56-57.
At some point in time, the European Championship match between the German women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Netherlands took place before a hometown crowd in Frankfurt in July 2013.
At some point in time, in April 2014, Holger Glinicki coached BG Baskets Hamburg to a win in the final of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Euro League Challenge Cup.
At some point in time, BG Baskets Hamburg won its first International title in April 2014.
At some point in time, BG Baskets Hamburg won the final of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Euro League Challenge Cup by 62-54 over the Frankfurt Mainhatten Skywheelers.
At some point in time, BG Baskets Hamburg won the Fair Play Award of the International Wheelchair Basketball Federation Europe.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Hamburg, Germany in 2003.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Villeneuve d'Ascq, France in 2005.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Wetzlar, Germany in 2007.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning silver at the Paralympic Games in Beijing, China in 2008.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Stoke Mandeville, Great Britain in 2009.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning silver at the World Championships in Birmingham, Great Britain in 2010.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the European Championships in Nazareth, Israel in 2011.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning gold at the Paralympic Games in London, Great Britain in 2012.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include being named Hamburg coach of the year for 2012.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning silver at the European Championships in Frankfurt, Germany in 2013.
At some point in time, Holger Glinicki's achievements include winning silver at the World Championships in Toronto, Canada in 2014.