At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was born on October 4, 1800.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson died on October 31, 1882.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was the 22nd Governor of Kentucky.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson served the remainder of the unfinished term of Governor Beriah Magoffin.
At some point in time, Beriah Magoffin was a Confederate sympathizer.
At some point in time, Beriah Magoffin became increasingly ineffective after the elections of 1861.
At some point in time, the elections of 1861 yielded a supermajority to pro-Union forces in both houses of the Kentucky General Assembly.
At some point in time, Beriah Magoffin agreed to resign the governorship.
At some point in time, Beriah Magoffin could select his successor.
At some point in time, Beriah Magoffin selected James Fisher Robinson as his successor.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson opposed both secession and abolition.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson had Union sympathies.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was considered a moderate.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson opposed both fugitive slave laws and the enlistment of black soldiers.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson supported the Crittenden Compromise as a state senator.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson opposed the Civil War as a state senator.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson drew criticism from the administration of President Abraham Lincoln.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson opposed the Emancipation Proclamation as governor.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was born to Jonathan Robinson and Jane Black Robinson.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was born in Scott County, Kentucky.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson's early studies were done under a private tutor.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson studied under Presbyterian minister Robert Marshall.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was of English and Scottish descent.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson attended Forest Hill Academy.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson attended Transylvania University.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson graduated from Transylvania University in 1818.
At some point in time, John McCracken Robinson graduated in the same class as James Fisher Robinson.
At some point in time, John McCracken Robinson moved to Illinois.
At some point in time, John McCracken Robinson served two terms as a U.S. Senator.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson studied law under William T. Barry.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was admitted to the bar.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson began his law practice in Georgetown, Kentucky.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson married Susan Mansell of Georgetown on December 29, 1821.
At some point in time, Susan Mansell was the first of James Fisher Robinson's three wives.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson and Susan Mansell had two children.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson had a son and a daughter with Susan Mansell.
At some point in time, Susan Mansell died in 1835.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson married Willina S. Herndon of Scott County on March 21, 1839.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson and Willina S. Herndon had eight children.
At some point in time, seven of James Fisher Robinson and Willina S. Herndon's children survived to adulthood.
At some point in time, Willina S. Herndon died in 1861.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson's political career began in 1851.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was elected to the Kentucky Senate as a Whig without opposition in 1851.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson did not immediately seek re-election after his first term.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was elected to the state Senate in 1861 over challenger James B. Beck.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was elected Speaker of the Senate on September 2, 1861.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson resigned the position of Speaker of the Senate a few days after being elected.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson assumed the position of Speaker of the Senate on August 16, 1862.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson's assumption of the Speaker position was part of a political deal.
At some point in time, the political deal involved the resignation of Governor Beriah Magoffin.
At some point in time, Linn Boyd was Beriah Magoffin's lieutenant governor.
At some point in time, Linn Boyd died in office in 1859.
At some point in time, Beriah Magoffin was unwilling to allow John Fisk to succeed him.
At some point in time, John Fisk was then Senate Speaker and next in line for the governorship.
At some point in time, Beriah Magoffin agreed to resign if the Senate would elect James Fisher Robinson as Speaker.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was next in line for the governorship after being elected Speaker.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson succeeded Beriah Magoffin upon Beriah Magoffin's resignation at 10:00 am on August 18, 1862.
James Fisher Robinson never resigned from the Senate.
James Fisher Robinson technically held both his legislative seat and the governorship concurrently.
At some point in time, the Civil War was ongoing during James Fisher Robinson's administration.
At some point in time, the Confederacy made its major advance into the Commonwealth during James Fisher Robinson's tenure.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson raised taxes in an effort to revive Kentucky's state militia.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson was concerned with the effect of the war on public education in the state.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson asked the General Assembly to investigate the condition of state schools.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson asked the General Assembly to investigate state schools in war-ravaged areas.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson encouraged the General Assembly to accept the Lincoln administration's offer of land.
At some point in time, the Lincoln administration offered land to establish an agricultural and mechanical college.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson noted that by January 1, 1863, Kentucky had sent 44,000 soldiers to aid the Union cause.
At some point in time, Kentucky sent fifty-one regiments to aid the Union cause.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson lamented the poor treatment of Kentucky by the Federal government.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson perceived Kentucky as disloyal by the Federal government.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson cited examples of poor treatment, such as the declaration of martial law in the Commonwealth.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson cited examples of poor treatment, such as the suspension of the right of habeas corpus for Kentucky citizens.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson warned that if military necessity is not to be measured by Constitutional limits, people are no longer free.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson supported his eventual successor, Thomas E. Bramlette, upon completion of his term.
At some point in time, the constitutional questions raised by James Fisher Robinson shaped much of the political debate for Thomas E. Bramlette's term.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson retired to "Cardome," his family farm in Scott County, following his term as governor.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson became more distant from the national administration after his governorship.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson supported George B. McClellan for president in 1864.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson served as president of the Farmers' Bank of Georgetown.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson served as chair of the Georgetown College Board of Trustees.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson married Caroline "Carrie" Hening of Georgetown on December 1, 1873.
At some point in time, Caroline "Carrie" Hening was 36 years younger than James Fisher Robinson.
At some point in time, James Fisher Robinson is buried in the Georgetown Cemetery in Georgetown, Kentucky.