At some point in time, Falklands '82 is a turn-based strategy video game.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 was released in 1986.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 was developed by Personal Software Services.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 was published by Personal Software Services.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 was released for the ZX Spectrum.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 was released for the Commodore 64.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 is the fifth installment of the Strategic Wargames series.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 is set during the 1982 Falklands War.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 revolves around the Argentine occupation of the Falkland Islands.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 revolves around the British re-capture of the Falkland Islands.
At some point in time, the player controls the British Task Force in Falklands '82.
At some point in time, the player must either defeat all Argentine forces on the Falkland Islands.
At some point in time, the player must re-capture every settlement in Falklands '82.
At some point in time, a port for the Amstrad CPC was advertised.
Falklands '82 was never released for the Amstrad CPC.
At some point in time, the developers obtained information and statistics of the Falklands War from NATO.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 met with mixed reviews.
At some point in time, critics praised the detailed graphics of Falklands '82.
At some point in time, some critics were divided over the gameplay of Falklands '82.
At some point in time, some critics criticized the authenticity of Falklands '82.
At some point in time, others criticized the in-game potential of an Argentine victory in Falklands '82.
At some point in time, Falklands '82 focuses on land battles during the Falklands War.
At some point in time, the player commands the British Task Force against the Argentine ground forces.
At some point in time, the game begins by allocating fifteen Royal Navy ships for the task force.
At some point in time, a proportionate amount of Royal Navy ships must be devoted for attack purposes.
At some point in time, a proportionate amount of Royal Navy ships must be devoted for defense purposes.
At some point in time, the player must choose four landing spots in northern East Falkland.
At some point in time, the four landing spots are Port Stanley, Berkeley Sound, Cow Bay, and San Carlos Bay.
At some point in time, the SAS or SBS are available throughout the game.
At some point in time, the SAS or SBS provide intelligence on Argentine movements.
At some point in time, intelligence on Argentine movements is limited.
At some point in time, intelligence may only be collected a certain number of times.
At some point in time, the player may request reinforcements from either HMS Hermes or HMS Invincible.
At some point in time, the main objective of Falklands '82 is to defeat all occupying Argentine forces.
At some point in time, the main objective of Falklands '82 is to capture and hold all ten settlements of the Falklands simultaneously.
At some point in time, the game lasts 25 turns on one difficulty setting.
At some point in time, the game lasts 30 turns on another difficulty setting.
At some point in time, if every settlement has not been occupied, the game will end.
At some point in time, if any Argentine forces remain by the end of the last turn, the game will end.
The capital of the Falklands is Stanley.
At some point in time, Stanley has the highest concentration of Argentine forces.
At some point in time, Stanley is usually the last settlement to be captured.
At some point in time, there are four choices for combat in Falklands '82.
At some point in time, the four choices for combat are attack, move, pass, and "recce."
At some point in time, the game includes a weather system that changes every turn.
At some point in time, the weather system provides obstructions for various forces.
At some point in time, stormy seas will temporarily render naval vessels unavailable.
At some point in time, stormy seas will temporarily render troop reinforcements unavailable.
At some point in time, fog will render both naval and air forces unavailable.
At some point in time, Argentine airstrikes will frequently sink Royal Navy ships.
At some point in time, the frequency of Argentine airstrikes depends on how many Royal Navy ships were initially allocated to defensive positions.
At some point in time, Argentine air forces will occasionally bomb British forces on the ground.
At some point in time, British forces on the ground are represented as animated sprites on the map.
At some point in time, the map displays terrain details, including rivers and mountains.
At some point in time, troops situated on top of a mountain will receive a defensive bonus once attacked.
At some point in time, troops situated on top of a mountain will move more slowly due to the steep terrain.
At some point in time, if the player chooses to enter an enemy-controlled zone, the move will instantly end.
At some point in time, entering an enemy-controlled zone leaves the unit vulnerable to an Argentine attack.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was founded in Coventry, England.
At some point in time, Gary Mays founded Personal Software Services.
At some point in time, Richard Cockayne founded Personal Software Services.
Personal Software Services was founded in November 1981.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was known for creating games that revolved around historic war battles.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services created Theatre Europe.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services created Bismarck.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services created Battle of Britain.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services had a partnership with ERE Informatique.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services published localized versions of ERE Informatique's products in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, the Strategic Wargames series was conceptualized in 1984.
At some point in time, Alan Steel conceptualized the Strategic Wargames series.
At some point in time, Alan Steel researched the upcoming game's topic during development.
At some point in time, Alan Steel passed on his findings to associates in Coventry and London.
At some point in time, in 1983, Personal Software Services was recognized as one of the top software houses in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was a finalist for BBC Radio 4's New Business Enterprise Award in 1983.
At some point in time, Cockayne and Mays obtained statistics for the Cold War from NATO.
At some point in time, Cockayne and Mays obtained statistics for the Falklands War from the Soviet embassy in London.
At some point in time, Richard Cockayne stated that Theatre Europe received heavy criticism from the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament.
At some point in time, Richard Cockayne stated that Falklands '82 received heavy criticism from The Sun newspaper.
At some point in time, an editor from The Sunday Press suggested that Falklands '82 was distasteful.
At some point in time, the suggestion of distaste was due to the game's possibility of an Argentine victory.
At some point in time, the game was planned for an Amstrad CPC port.
At some point in time, in Spanish markets, the game was released as Malvinas '82.
At some point in time, Malvinas '82 is the Spanish name for the Falkland Islands.
At some point in time, Malvinas '82 included a manual that was never translated into English.
At some point in time, in 1986, Cockayne decided to alter products for release on 16-bit consoles.
At some point in time, smaller 8-bit consoles lacked the processing power for larger strategy games.
At some point in time, the decision to alter products was falsely interpreted by Phillipa Irving.
At some point in time, Phillipa Irving falsely interpreted the decision as "pulling out" from the Spectrum market.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services experienced financial difficulties after years of successful sales.
At some point in time, Cockayne admitted in a retrospective interview that he took his eye off the ball.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was acquired by Mirrorsoft in February 1987.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was dispossessed due to debt.
At some point in time, the game received mostly positive reviews from critics upon release.
At some point in time, Rachael Smith of Your Sinclair praised the overall experience of the gameplay.
At some point in time, Rachael Smith stated that the gameplay was ideal for newcomers.
At some point in time, Rachael Smith stated that the gameplay plays smooth.
At some point in time, Rachael Smith criticized the gameplay for being annoyingly slow at times.
At some point in time, Sean Masterson of Crash criticized the gameplay.
At some point in time, Sean Masterson stated that the gameplay fails to offer a serious challenge.
At some point in time, Sean Masterson stated that the gameplay prohibits the player from experimenting with choices.
At some point in time, the choices prohibited by the gameplay are choices that real commanders never had.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Sinclair User praised the gameplay.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Sinclair User stated that the gameplay was swift.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Sinclair User stated that the gameplay had nice touches for beginners.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Sinclair User sarcastically remarked that the inability to play on the Argentine side would help improve Anglo-Argentinian relations.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Zzap! 64 criticized the game's lack of authenticity.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Zzap! 64 criticized the game's lack of strategy.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Zzap! 64 stated that the developer's previous games had more credence.
At some point in time, a reviewer from ZX Computing heralded the graphics and details of the map.
At some point in time, a reviewer from ZX Computing suggested that hardened wargamers would not be interested in graphical advancements.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Computer Gamer praised the game's simplicity.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Computer Gamer stated that it was a simple game.
At some point in time, a reviewer from Computer Gamer stated that it would prove to be an excellent introduction to the wargame strategy genre.
At some point in time, Tim Stone of Rock, Paper, Shotgun praised the game's ability to display the war in a neutral manner.
At some point in time, Tim Stone questioned the inability to play on the Argentine side.
At some point in time, Tim Stone concluded that the game had greater significance over other war strategy games.
At some point in time, Tim Stone concluded that the game had undeniable quality.
At some point in time, The Sun newspaper criticized Falklands '82 for including a scenario where Argentina could win.
At some point in time, Cockayne maintained that his company's video games did not trivialize the war.