At some point in time, Talon is a 135-foot (41 m) steel inverted roller coaster at Dorney Park & Wildwater Kingdom in South Whitehall Township, Pennsylvania, United States.
At some point in time, Talon features 4 inversions.
At some point in time, Talon features close to the ground encounters.
At some point in time, Bolliger & Mabillard designed Talon.
At some point in time, Talon was known to be one of the longest inverted roller coasters in the Northeast when Talon opened in 2001.
At some point in time, Talon's track is filled with sand to reduce the noise made by the trains.
At some point in time, on April 28, 2000, Dorney Park announced that a 135-foot-tall (41 m) four inversion inverted roller coaster would be built for the 2001 season.
At some point in time, no further details were given until August 30, 2000.
At some point in time, on August 30, 2000, Dorney Park announced the full details of the new $13 million roller coaster and its name, Talon.
At some point in time, Talon would be the Northeast's longest inverted roller coaster.
At some point in time, Talon would be built on a portion of land set aside for a major attraction by Cedar Fair when Cedar Fair purchased the park in 1992.
At some point in time, construction of Talon began on September 5, 2000.
At some point in time, construction of Talon continued through the winter.
At some point in time, the first parts of Talon to be put into place were the brake run and transfer track in October 2000.
At some point in time, the roller coaster was topped off on November 21, 2000.
At some point in time, the highest piece of the lift hill of Talon was topped off on November 21, 2000.
At some point in time, the track of Talon was completed in early 2001.
At some point in time, Talon opened on May 5, 2001 after testing was complete.
At some point in time, the train immediately begins to climb the 135-foot (41 m) lift hill after dispatching from the station.
At some point in time, once at the top, the train goes through a pre-drop.
At some point in time, the train makes a sharp 120-foot (37 m) downward right turn after the pre-drop.
At some point in time, the train enters a 98-foot (30 m) tall vertical loop after the downward right turn.
At some point in time, the train goes through a zero-gravity roll after exiting the vertical loop.
At some point in time, the train drops back to the ground after the zero-gravity roll.
At some point in time, the train enters an immelmann loop after dropping back to the ground.
At some point in time, the train makes a full 360-degree upward right turn after the immelmann loop.
At some point in time, the train makes a left turn leading into another drop after the 360-degree upward right turn.
At some point in time, the train makes a highly banked right turn into a flat spin after the drop.
At some point in time, the train makes a left turn extremely close to the ground after the flat spin.
At some point in time, the train heads to an airtime after the left turn close to the ground.
At some point in time, the train goes back up after the airtime.
At some point in time, the train leads into the brake run after going back up.
At some point in time, the train makes a right turn into a second, shorter set of brakes after exiting the brake run.
At some point in time, the train enters the station after the second, shorter set of brakes.
At some point in time, one cycle of the ride lasts about 2 minutes.
At some point in time, Talon operates with two steel and fiberglass trains.
At some point in time, each train has eight cars.
At some point in time, each car can seat four riders in a single row.
At some point in time, each train can seat a total of 32 riders.
At some point in time, the train structure of Talon is colored blue and turquoise.
At some point in time, the seats of Talon are black.
At some point in time, the over-the-shoulder restraints of Talon are yellow.
At some point in time, the steel track of Talon is approximately 3,110 feet (950 m) long.
At some point in time, the height of the lift of Talon is approximately 135 feet (41 m) high.
At some point in time, the entire track of Talon weighs just under 3,000,000 pounds (1,400,000 kg).
At some point in time, the track of Talon was manufactured by Clermont Steel Fabricators located in Batavia, Ohio.
At some point in time, the track of Talon is filled with sand to reduce the noise made by the trains.
At some point in time, the track of Talon is painted orange and yellow.
At some point in time, the supports of Talon are blue.
At some point in time, the entrance sign of Talon has a mini-slogan as "The Grip Of Fear."
At some point in time, the word "Talon" is another meaning for "Claw."
At some point in time, the word "Talon" specifically refers to claws on Bald eagles and mythical creatures.