At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" is the 84th episode of the science fiction television series Stargate Atlantis.
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" is the fourth episode in the fifth season of Stargate Atlantis.
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" first aired on August 1, 2008, on the Sci Fi Channel in the United States.
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" subsequently aired on October 9, 2008, on Sky One in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, the episode was written by Alan McCullough.
At some point in time, the episode was directed by Andy Mikita.
Richard Woolsey does not appear in "The Daedalus Variations."
Jennifer Keller does not appear in "The Daedalus Variations."
At some point in time, Richard Woolsey is credited during the opening title sequence of "The Daedalus Variations."
At some point in time, Jennifer Keller is credited during the opening title sequence of "The Daedalus Variations."
At some point in time, the episode bears similarities to the Flying Dutchman.
At some point in time, the Flying Dutchman is a mythical ghost ship that drifts forever in the ocean with no chance of returning home.
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" received generally favorable reviews.
At some point in time, episode writer Alan McCullough described "The Daedalus Variations" as a one-off "wild romp."
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" makes much use of visual effects.
At some point in time, the episode follows John Sheppard and his team.
At some point in time, John Sheppard and his team investigate the mysterious appearance of the Daedalus over Atlantis.
At some point in time, the Daedalus is from a parallel universe.
At some point in time, the Daedalus makes its way through various alternate realities with an "alternate reality drive."
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team is stuck on the Daedalus.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team seeks to find a way to return.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team runs into contact with a newly introduced alien race.
At some point in time, the Daedalus's new drive is slowly burning out.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team could be stranded in another universe forever.
At some point in time, a spaceship appears out of nowhere over Atlantis.
At some point in time, John Sheppard and his team discover that the ship is the Daedalus.
At some point in time, Stargate Command confirms that the Daedalus is actually two days away from Earth.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team boards the new Daedalus.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team finds the Daedalus apparently abandoned.
At some point in time, the Daedalus shows signs of battle damage.
At some point in time, Teyla views a log entry from the Daedalus commander, Colonel Sobel.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team has never heard of Colonel Sobel before.
At some point in time, there is a power spike.
At some point in time, the Daedalus disappears from above Atlantis.
At some point in time, from the perspective of John Sheppard's team, Atlantis disappears.
At some point in time, McKay finds that they have been propelled into a parallel universe.
At some point in time, McKay terms the device that propelled them an "alternate reality drive."
At some point in time, the Daedalus is actually from an alternate reality.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team finds another version of themselves dead.
At some point in time, the dead version of John Sheppard's team comes from yet another parallel universe.
At some point in time, the dead version of John Sheppard's team was trapped aboard while investigating the ship.
At some point in time, the ship jumps again into a reality where Atlantis is under attack from an unfamiliar alien ship.
At some point in time, John Sheppard intervenes during the attack.
At some point in time, the aliens retaliate by launching fighters.
At some point in time, one of the fighters crashes into the Daedalus before it jumps again.
At some point in time, the Daedalus jumps into a universe where Atlantis's sun has already swelled into a red giant.
At some point in time, McKay increases the rate at which the alternate reality drive activates.
At some point in time, McKay warns that his modifications are irreversible.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team must contend with aliens from the crashed fighter.
At some point in time, McKay figures out that there is no way to guide the alternate reality drive.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team can return to their original reality by reversing the drive.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team can jump back through the realities they had visited before.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team uses the maneuvering thrusters to stabilize the ship's orbit above the red giant.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team weathers another attack by the aliens.
At some point in time, an alternate Atlantis helps John Sheppard's team during the attack.
At some point in time, once John Sheppard's team returns to their own reality, they leave the ship in space suits.
At some point in time, a remaining alien detonates an explosive.
At some point in time, the explosive causes a breach in the Daedalus's hull.
At some point in time, John Sheppard's team is picked up by Lorne after the Daedalus disappears.
At some point in time, McKay is shown working on fixing the alternate reality drive in the end.
At some point in time, Sheppard admonishes McKay.
At some point in time, the original concept of an episode involving alternate realities was a room in Atlantis that shifts into alternate realities.
At some point in time, the idea of a room in Atlantis that shifts into alternate realities had several issues.
At some point in time, one issue was the possibility of no Atlantis in one reality.
At some point in time, Robert C. Cooper suggested using the Daedalus.
At some point in time, the final draft of "The Daedalus Variations" was completed on February 11.
At some point in time, on February 12, the prosthetics meeting for the episode took place.
At some point in time, the prosthetics meeting for the episode involved the unknown aliens featured in "The Daedalus Variations."
At some point in time, the appearance of the aliens was revealed in the advertisement for the episode on July 27.
At some point in time, Alan McCullough described "The Daedalus Variations" as a "great team show."
At some point in time, Alan McCullough described "The Daedalus Variations" as a "visual effects spectacular."
At some point in time, on March 10, Captain Sobol was cast.
At some point in time, Captain Sobol was the alternate commander of the Daedalus.
At some point in time, Captain Sobol is not Colonel Caldwell.
At some point in time, by the time "The Daedalus Variations" aired, Captain Sobol was female.
At some point in time, Captain Sobol was portrayed by Tracy Waterhouse.
At some point in time, Captain Sobol held the rank of Colonel.
At some point in time, Captain Sobol's name was spelled "Sobel."
At some point in time, much of "The Daedalus Variations" was filmed on the Daedalus set.
At some point in time, visual effects were required to fill in the external shots of "The Daedalus Variations."
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" was reportedly one of the most expensive VFX budgets in the series.
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" is the most expensive episode for the season.
At some point in time, the star map behind the captain's chair of the Daedalus is usually lit green.
At some point in time, Alan McCullough deliberately turned the star map 90 degrees.
At some point in time, Alan McCullough changed the color of the star map from green to orange.
At some point in time, Alan McCullough changed the star map to make the ship different from the normal Daedalus.
At some point in time, Alan McCullough stated that "The Daedalus Variations" is a one-off.
At some point in time, Alan McCullough did not rule out a return beyond the fifth season.
At some point in time, Alan McCullough originally planned for the team to visit a reality where the Ancients won the war against the Wraith.
At some point in time, the idea of visiting a reality where the Ancients won the war against the Wraith was dropped.
At some point in time, the dropped idea would detract from the main storyline.
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" was Jason Momoa's first appearance with his customized wig.
At some point in time, Jason Momoa had his hair cut by the time the fourth season was completed.
At some point in time, for the first three episodes of the fourth season, Jason Momoa had his hair sewn back on.
At some point in time, SCI FI would not allow Jason Momoa's hairstyle to be changed.
At some point in time, Jason Momoa switched to the wig after complaining about the pain of having his hair sewn on again.
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" received a household rating of 1.3.
At some point in time, Stargate Atlantis was the fourth most viewed series for the week on Sci Fi Channel.
At some point in time, Stargate Atlantis was beaten by ECW on Sci Fi, which had a rating of 1.4.
At some point in time, Stargate Atlantis was beaten by Ghost Hunters International, which had a rating of 1.6.
At some point in time, Stargate Atlantis was beaten by the season three premiere of Eureka, which earned the highest rating of 2.1.
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" was received generally positively.
At some point in time, Tory Ireland Mell of IGN praised "The Daedalus Variations" for its reasonably short teaser.
At some point in time, Tory Ireland Mell thought the shorter the teaser, the better the episode.
At some point in time, Tory Ireland Mell praised "The Daedalus Variations" for its gripping storyline.
At some point in time, Tory Ireland Mell praised "The Daedalus Variations" for the introduction of the alien race.
At some point in time, Tory Ireland Mell stated that very little is known about the alien race.
At some point in time, Tory Ireland Mell stated that the introduction of the alien race was "a perfect tease by the writers."
At some point in time, "The Daedalus Variations" was rated 9.1 out of 10 overall.
At some point in time, Marx Pyle of the SyFy Portal compared "The Daedalus Variations" to Atlantis's version of Star Trek: The Next Generation episode "Q Who?"
At some point in time, Marx Pyle compared "The Daedalus Variations" to the introduction of a new "big bad" for the future.
At some point in time, Marx Pyle praised "The Daedalus Variations" for being a "fun filler" episode.
At some point in time, Marx Pyle enjoyed the scene where the two Sheppards converse.
At some point in time, Marx Pyle enjoyed the space battle in "The Daedalus Variations."
At some point in time, Marx Pyle believed only Battlestar Galactica could beat the space battle in "The Daedalus Variations."
At some point in time, Marx Pyle criticized "The Daedalus Variations" for the absence of Richard Woolsey.
At some point in time, Marx Pyle criticized McKay's apparent quick understanding of new technologies, including the alternate reality drive.
At some point in time, Marx Pyle felt that Sci Fi gave away too much information from the previews of "The Daedalus Variations."