At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station in Argyll and Bute, Scotland.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is also known as the Cruachan Dam.
At some point in time, the turbine hall is located inside Ben Cruachan.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station takes water between Cruachan Reservoir and Loch Awe.
At some point in time, the height difference between Cruachan Reservoir and Loch Awe is 396 metres (1,299 ft).
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is one of only four pumped storage power stations in the UK.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is capable of providing a black start capability to the National Grid.
At some point in time, construction of the Cruachan Power Station began in 1959.
At some point in time, the construction of the Cruachan Power Station coincided with the construction of the Hunterston A nuclear power station in Ayrshire.
At some point in time, Cruachan Power Station uses cheap off-peak electricity generated at night to pump water to the higher reservoir.
At some point in time, the water pumped to the higher reservoir can be released during the day to provide power as necessary.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is open to visitors.
At some point in time, around 50,000 tourists visit the Cruachan Power Station each year.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is located on the A85 road.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is about 8 km or 5 miles west of Dalmally.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is on a branch of Loch Awe leading to the River Awe.
At some point in time, the River Awe is the outflow from Loch Awe at its NW corner.
At some point in time, there is a seasonally open Falls of Cruachan railway station nearby the Cruachan Power Station.
At some point in time, construction of the Cruachan Power Station commenced in 1959.
At some point in time, Queen Elizabeth II opened the Cruachan Power Station on 15 October 1965.
At some point in time, the concept of the Cruachan Power Station was designed by Sir Edward MacColl.
At some point in time, Sir Edward MacColl died before the Cruachan Power Station opened.
At some point in time, the civil engineering works of the Cruachan Power Station were done by James Williamson & Partners of Glasgow.
At some point in time, the main project contractors for the Cruachan Power Station were William Tawse of Aberdeen and Edmund Nuttall of Camberley.
At some point in time, the consultant electrical engineers for the Cruachan Power Station were Merz & McLellan of Newcastle on Tyne.
At some point in time, at the peak of construction, there were around 4,000 people working on the Cruachan Power Station project.
At some point in time, thirty-six men died during the construction of the Cruachan Power Station and dam.
At some point in time, the cost of the Cruachan Power Station scheme was GB £24.5 million.
At some point in time, Cruachan was one of the first reversible pumped-storage systems.
At some point in time, the same turbines are used as both pumps and generators in the Cruachan Power Station.
At some point in time, previous pumped-storage systems used separate pumps with a network of pipes to return water to the upper reservoir.
At some point in time, previous pumped-storage systems were much more expensive to build than conventional hydroelectric systems.
At some point in time, Cruachan Power Station is predated by the smaller 232 megawatts (311,000 hp) Lünerseewerk of 1958.
At some point in time, Cruachan Power Station is predated by the 360 megawatts (480,000 hp) Ffestiniog Power Station of 1963.
At some point in time, Cruachan Power Station is one of four pumped storage schemes in the UK.
At some point in time, the construction of the Cruachan Power Station was linked to the construction of Hunterston A nuclear power station.
At some point in time, the purpose of the link to Hunterston A nuclear power station was to store surplus night-time nuclear generated electrical energy.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station was originally operated by the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station was transferred to the South of Scotland Electricity Board.
At some point in time, Scottish Power has owned the Cruachan Power Station since the privatisation of Britain's electricity industry in 1990.
At some point in time, Scottish Power is looking to increase the capacity of the Cruachan Power Station to 1,040 MW.
At some point in time, the early life of the Cruachan Power Station was fraught with technical difficulties.
At some point in time, the size of the maintenance team for the Cruachan Power Station has been reduced from 30 in 1989 to 12 in 2010.
At some point in time, maintenance of the penstocks formerly required them to be drained.
At some point in time, maintenance of the penstocks is now done using a remotely operated underwater vehicle.
At some point in time, in 2015, a BBC radio documentary titled "Inside the Rock" covered the history of the construction of the Cruachan Power Station.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station temporarily stores energy at times of low demand.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station releases energy at times of high demand.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station reduces the maximum power that must be provided by power stations.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is used to cope with sudden surges in the demand for electricity.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station uses some rainwater.
The Cruachan Power Station is not a net generator of electricity.
The Cruachan Power Station uses more energy for pumping water and spinning its turbines than it generates.
At some point in time, water is pumped from Loch Awe to the upper reservoir during periods of low energy use.
At some point in time, the upper reservoir is 396 metres (1,299 ft) above Loch Awe.
At some point in time, the upper reservoir receives rainwater.
At some point in time, the upper reservoir is supplemented by a network of 19 kilometres (12 mi) of tunnels.
At some point in time, around 10% of the energy from the Cruachan Power Station is generated from rainwater.
At some point in time, the rest of the energy from the Cruachan Power Station is from the water pumped up from Loch Awe.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is capable of generating 440 megawatts (590,000 hp) of electricity from four turbines.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station has two turbines of 100 megawatts (130,000 hp) capacity.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station has two turbines of 120 megawatts (160,000 hp) capacity.
At some point in time, two units of the Cruachan Power Station were upgraded in 2005.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station can go from standby to full production in two minutes.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station can go from standby to full production in thirty seconds if compressed air is used to start the turbines spinning.
At some point in time, when the top reservoir is full, the Cruachan Power Station can operate for 22 hours before the supply of water is exhausted.
At some point in time, at full power, the turbines of the Cruachan Power Station can pump at 167 cubic metres (5,900 cu ft) per second.
At some point in time, at full power, the turbines of the Cruachan Power Station can generate at 200 cubic metres (7,100 cu ft) per second.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station is required to keep a 12-hour emergency water supply.
At some point in time, the 12-hour emergency water supply enables the Cruachan Power Station to provide a black start capability to the National Grid.
At some point in time, the black start capability enables utilities to be restarted without access to external power.
At some point in time, there are four Francis turbines in the Cruachan Power Station.
At some point in time, the Francis turbines operate as both pumps and generators.
At some point in time, the Francis turbines are housed in a cavern within Ben Cruachan.
At some point in time, the cavern within Ben Cruachan is 91.5 metres (300 ft) long.
At some point in time, the cavern within Ben Cruachan is 23.5 metres (77 ft) wide.
At some point in time, the cavern within Ben Cruachan is 38 metres (125 ft) high.
At some point in time, the chamber housing the turbines is at a depth of around 300 metres (980 ft).
At some point in time, the chamber is located within a hard granite intrusion.
At some point in time, construction of the Cruachan Power Station required the removal of 220,000 cubic metres (7,800,000 cu ft) of rock.
At some point in time, access to the turbine hall is gained by a road tunnel.
At some point in time, the road tunnel is 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) long.
At some point in time, the road tunnel is 4 metres (13 ft) high.
At some point in time, the road tunnel is 7 metres (23 ft) wide.
At some point in time, the road tunnel is warm and humid enough to allow tropical plants to grow.
At some point in time, the transformers of the Cruachan Power Station step up the voltage from 16 kV to 275 kV for transmission.
At some point in time, six oil-filled cables carry the electric current up a cable shaft to a point in front of the dam.
At some point in time, the electric current is carried on pylons to Dalmally.
At some point in time, Dalmally is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the east of the Cruachan Power Station.
At some point in time, the staircase in the cable shaft has 1,420 steps.
At some point in time, the staircase in the cable shaft is the tallest in Britain.
At some point in time, after passing through the turbines, the water enters a surge chamber.
At some point in time, the surge chamber is designed to balance fluctuations in the level of water.
At some point in time, the water then enters the tailrace tunnel to Loch Awe.
At some point in time, the tailrace tunnel is 7 metres (23 ft) in diameter.
At some point in time, the tailrace tunnel is 935 metres (3,068 ft) long.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Reservoir is 396 metres (1,299 ft) above Loch Awe.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Reservoir is contained by a dam that is 316 metres (1,037 ft) long.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Reservoir has a catchment area of 23 square kilometres (8.9 sq mi).
At some point in time, the Cruachan Reservoir is capable of holding 7 gigawatt-hours (25 TJ) of energy.
At some point in time, environmental restrictions meant that the dam had to have a "clean" structure.
At some point in time, the operational equipment of the Cruachan Power Station is located within the dam wall itself.
At some point in time, the penstocks are a pair of tunnels that are 260 metres (850 ft) long.
At some point in time, the penstocks are inclined at 56° from the horizontal.
At some point in time, the penstocks have a diameter of 5.3 metres (17 ft).
At some point in time, the penstocks bifurcate into four steel lined shafts.
At some point in time, the four steel lined shafts are 190 metres (620 ft) long.
At some point in time, the four steel lined shafts have a diameter of 2.5 metres (8 ft 2 in).
At some point in time, the penstocks underwent a major inspection and refurbishment in 2003.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station was listed by the conservation organisation DoCoMoMo as one of the sixty key monuments of post-war Scottish architecture.
At some point in time, in November 2012, the Cruachan Power Station received the Institution of Mechanical Engineers' Engineering Heritage Award.
At some point in time, a visitor centre is situated at the outflow to Loch Awe.
At some point in time, the visitor centre was refurbished in 2009.
At some point in time, the visitor centre receives around 50,000 visitors a year.
At some point in time, the Cruachan Power Station houses a three-section modernist mural.
At some point in time, the modernist mural is 48 by 12 foot (14.6 m × 3.7 m).
At some point in time, the modernist mural is made of wood, plastic, and gold leaf.
At some point in time, the modernist mural was created by English artist Elizabeth Falconer.
At some point in time, the mural includes Celtic crosses, pylons, mythical beasts, and men of industry.
At some point in time, the first section of the mural depicts the mythical Cailleach Bheur.
At some point in time, Cailleach Bheur guarded the spring underneath the mountain.
At some point in time, the middle panel of the mural commemorates fifteen workers killed when the roof of the turbine hall collapsed.
At some point in time, the final section of the mural shows the Cruachan Power Station working.