At some point in time, Group 4 is a group of elements in the periodic table.
At some point in time, Group 4 contains the elements titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), hafnium (Hf), and rutherfordium (Rf).
At some point in time, Group 4 lies in the d-block of the periodic table.
At some point in time, Group 4 has not acquired a trivial name.
At some point in time, Group 4 belongs to the broader grouping of the transition metals.
At some point in time, the three Group 4 elements that occur naturally are titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and hafnium (Hf).
At some point in time, the first three members of Group 4 share similar properties.
At some point in time, all three naturally occurring Group 4 elements are hard refractory metals under standard conditions.
At some point in time, Rutherfordium (Rf) has been synthesized in the laboratory.
None of the isotopes of rutherfordium (Rf) have been found occurring in nature.
At some point in time, all isotopes of rutherfordium (Rf) are radioactive.
At some point in time, no experiments in a supercollider have been conducted to synthesize unpenthexium (Uph).
At some point in time, it is unlikely that unpenthexium (Uph) will be synthesized in the near future.
At some point in time, members of Group 4 show patterns in their electron configuration.
At some point in time, the outermost shells of Group 4 elements result in trends in chemical behavior.
At some point in time, most of the chemistry has been observed only for titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and hafnium (Hf).
At some point in time, the chemistry of rutherfordium (Rf) is not very established.
At some point in time, the rest of the section deals only with titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and hafnium (Hf).
At some point in time, all elements of Group 4 are reactive metals.
At some point in time, the melting points of titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), hafnium (Hf), and rutherfordium (Rf) are 1668 °C, 1855 °C, 2233 °C, and 2100 °C, respectively.
At some point in time, the reactivity of Group 4 elements is not always obvious.
At some point in time, the rapid formation of a stable oxide layer prevents further reactions of Group 4 elements.
At some point in time, the oxides TiO2, ZrO2, and HfO2 are white solids.
At some point in time, the oxides TiO2, ZrO2, and HfO2 have high melting points.
At some point in time, the oxides TiO2, ZrO2, and HfO2 are unreactive against most acids.
At some point in time, all three naturally occurring Group 4 elements form various inorganic compounds.
At some point in time, all three naturally occurring Group 4 elements generally exist in the oxidation state of +4.
At some point in time, the first three naturally occurring Group 4 metals are resistant to concentrated alkalis.
At some point in time, halogens react with the first three naturally occurring Group 4 metals to form tetrahalides.
At some point in time, at higher temperatures, all three naturally occurring Group 4 metals react with oxygen, nitrogen, carbon, boron, sulfur, and silicon.
At some point in time, zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) have nearly identical ionic radii due to the lanthanide contraction.
At some point in time, the ionic radius of Zr4+ is 79 picometers.
At some point in time, the ionic radius of Hf4+ is 78 picometers.
At some point in time, zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) exhibit nearly identical chemical behavior.
At some point in time, zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) form similar chemical compounds.
At some point in time, the chemistry of hafnium (Hf) is so similar to that of zirconium (Zr) that a separation on chemical reactions was not possible.
At some point in time, only the physical properties of the compounds of hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) differ.
At some point in time, the melting points and boiling points of the compounds of hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) are major differences in their chemistry.
At some point in time, the solubility in solvents is a major difference in the chemistry of hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr).
At some point in time, titanium (Ti) is considerably different from zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) due to the effects of the lanthanide contraction.
At some point in time, William Gregor, Franz Joseph Muller, and Martin Heinrich Klaproth independently discovered titanium (Ti) between 1791 and 1795.
At some point in time, Klaproth named titanium (Ti) for the Titans of Greek mythology.
At some point in time, Klaproth discovered zirconium (Zr) in the mineral zircon in 1789.
At some point in time, Klaproth named zirconium (Zr) after the already known Zirkonerde (zirconia).
At some point in time, Dmitri Mendeleev predicted hafnium (Hf) in 1869.
At some point in time, Henry Moseley measured the effective nuclear charge of hafnium (Hf) by X-ray spectroscopy to be 72 in 1914.
At some point in time, the effective nuclear charge of hafnium (Hf) places it between the already known elements lutetium and tantalum.
At some point in time, Dirk Coster and Georg von Hevesy were the first to search for hafnium (Hf) in zirconium ores.
At some point in time, Dirk Coster and Georg von Hevesy discovered hafnium (Hf) in 1923 in Copenhagen, Denmark.
At some point in time, the discovery of hafnium (Hf) validated the original 1869 prediction of Dmitri Mendeleev.
At some point in time, there has been some controversy surrounding the discovery of hafnium (Hf).
At some point in time, the extent to which Dirk Coster and Georg von Hevesy were guided by Niels Bohr's prediction is controversial.
At some point in time, Niels Bohr predicted that hafnium (Hf) would be a transition metal rather than a rare earth element.
At some point in time, titanium (Ti) and zirconium (Zr) were discovered in the late 18th century.
At some point in time, it took until 1923 for hafnium (Hf) to be identified.
At some point in time, the delay in identifying hafnium (Hf) was partly due to its relative scarcity.
At some point in time, the chemical similarity between zirconium (Zr) and hafnium (Hf) made a separation difficult.
At some point in time, hafnium (Hf) was left undiscovered because chemists did not know what to look for.
At some point in time, all samples of zirconium (Zr) and all of its compounds contained significant amounts of hafnium (Hf).
At some point in time, Rutherfordium (Rf) was reportedly first detected in 1966 at the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research at Dubna.
At some point in time, researchers at the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research bombarded 242Pu with accelerated 22Ne ions.
At some point in time, researchers at the Joint Institute of Nuclear Research separated the reaction products by gradient thermochromatography.
At some point in time, the reaction products were separated after conversion to chlorides by interaction with ZrCl4.
At some point in time, the production of the metals in Group 4 is difficult due to their reactivity.
At some point in time, the formation of oxides, nitrides, and carbides must be avoided to yield workable metals.
At some point in time, the Kroll process is normally used to avoid the formation of oxides, nitrides, and carbides.
At some point in time, the oxides (MO2) are reacted with coal and chlorine to form the chlorides (MCl4).
At some point in time, the chlorides of the metals are then reacted with magnesium.
At some point in time, the reaction of the chlorides with magnesium yields magnesium chloride and the metals.
At some point in time, further purification of Group 4 metals is done by a chemical transport reaction.
At some point in time, the chemical transport reaction was developed by Anton Eduard van Arkel and Jan Hendrik de Boer.
At some point in time, in a closed vessel, the metal reacts with iodine at temperatures above 500 °C.
At some point in time, the reaction of the metal with iodine forms metal (IV) iodide.
At some point in time, at a tungsten filament of nearly 2000 °C, the reverse reaction happens.
At some point in time, the reverse reaction sets free the iodine and metal.
At some point in time, the metal forms a solid coating at the tungsten filament.
At some point in time, the iodine can react with additional metal resulting in a steady turnover.
At some point in time, if the abundance of elements in Earth's crust is compared, the abundance of titanium (Ti), zirconium (Zr), and hafnium (Hf) decreases with an increase of atomic mass.
At some point in time, titanium (Ti) is the seventh most abundant metal in Earth's crust.
At some point in time, the abundance of titanium (Ti) in Earth's crust is 6320 ppm.
At some point in time, zirconium (Zr) has an abundance of 162 ppm in Earth's crust.
At some point in time, hafnium (Hf) has an abundance of 3 ppm in Earth's crust.
At some point in time, all three stable elements occur in heavy mineral sands ore deposits.
At some point in time, heavy mineral sands ore deposits are placer deposits formed in beach environments.
At some point in time, heavy mineral sands ore deposits are formed by concentration due to the specific gravity of the mineral grains of erosion material from mafic and ultramafic rock.
At some point in time, the titanium minerals are mostly anatase and rutile.
At some point in time, zirconium (Zr) occurs in the mineral zircon.
At some point in time, up to 5% of the zirconium (Zr) in zircon is replaced by hafnium (Hf).
At some point in time, the largest producers of Group 4 elements are Australia, South Africa, and Canada.
At some point in time, titanium (Ti) metal and its alloys have a wide range of applications.
At some point in time, the corrosion resistance of titanium (Ti) metal and its alloys is beneficial.
At some point in time, the heat stability of titanium (Ti) metal and its alloys is beneficial.
At some point in time, the low density of titanium (Ti) metal and its alloys is beneficial.
At some point in time, the foremost use of corrosion-resistant hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) is in nuclear reactors.
At some point in time, zirconium (Zr) has a very low thermal neutron-capture cross-section.
At some point in time, hafnium (Hf) has a high thermal neutron-capture cross-section.
At some point in time, zirconium (Zr) is used as cladding of fuel rods in nuclear reactors.
At some point in time, hafnium (Hf) is used as a control rod for nuclear reactors.
At some point in time, each hafnium (Hf) atom can absorb multiple neutrons.
At some point in time, smaller amounts of hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) are used in superalloys.
At some point in time, hafnium (Hf) and zirconium (Zr) improve the properties of superalloys.
At some point in time, the group 4 elements are not known to be involved in the biological chemistry of any living systems.
At some point in time, the group 4 elements are hard refractory metals.
At some point in time, the group 4 elements have low aqueous solubility.
At some point in time, the group 4 elements have low availability to the biosphere.
At some point in time, titanium (Ti) is one of the few first-row d-block transition metals with no known biological role.
At some point in time, rutherfordium's (Rf) radioactivity would make it toxic to living cells.
At some point in time, titanium (Ti) is non-toxic even in large doses.
At some point in time, titanium (Ti) does not play any natural role inside the human body.
At some point in time, zirconium (Zr) powder can cause irritation.
At some point in time, only contact with the eyes requires medical attention for zirconium (Zr) powder.
At some point in time, OSHA recommends a 5 mg/m3 time-weighted average limit for zirconium (Zr).
At some point in time, OSHA recommends a 10 mg/m3 short-term exposure limit for zirconium (Zr).
At some point in time, only limited data exists on the toxicology of hafnium (Hf).