At some point in time, Linton Muldoon Treacy was born on June 4, 1887.
At some point in time, Linton Muldoon Treacy died on March 13, 1929.
At some point in time, Linton Muldoon Treacy is better known as Pete Muldoon.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was a Canadian ice hockey coach.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was a pioneer in the western United States.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon is particularly known for bringing a Stanley Cup championship to Seattle, Washington.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon is best known for reportedly putting a curse on the Chicago Black Hawks.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon reportedly put a curse on team owner Major Frederic McLaughlin.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was fired at the end of the 1926-27 season.
At some point in time, a Toronto sportswriter allegedly came up with the "curse" in 1943.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was the Black Hawks' first head coach.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was born in St. Marys, Ontario.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon played hockey in the OHA in the 1900s.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon moved to the Pacific coast to pursue a boxing career.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon changed his name to Pete Muldoon because the pursuit of a professional sports career was discouraged in Ontario at the time.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon won regional titles in both the middleweight and light heavyweight divisions while boxing.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was accomplished at other sports, including lacrosse.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon played professionally for a Vancouver club in 1911.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was an ice dancer.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was able to skate while on stilts.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon took over as the coach and manager of the Portland Rosebuds in 1914.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon changed teams for the 1915 season.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon went to Seattle to manage a new team in the PCHA, the Metropolitans.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon spent eight seasons coaching in Seattle.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon amassed a record of 115 wins, 105 losses, and four ties while coaching in Seattle.
At some point in time, the Metropolitans competed several times for the Stanley Cup.
At some point in time, the Metropolitans played for the Stanley Cup three times under Pete Muldoon's leadership.
At some point in time, the Metropolitans won the Stanley Cup once in 1917 during their first trip.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was the first coach of a Stanley Cup Championship team based in the United States.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was the youngest coach of a Stanley Cup Championship team based in the United States at age 30.
At some point in time, the Metropolitans made it to the finals for the second time in three years in 1919.
At some point in time, the Metropolitans played against the Montreal Canadiens in the finals in 1919.
At some point in time, the finals in 1919 were to have been a five-game series.
At some point in time, the fourth game of the finals in 1919 ended in a scoreless draw.
At some point in time, local health officials called off the deciding sixth game in 1919.
At some point in time, several players on both teams were stricken by Spanish flu in 1919.
At some point in time, Canadiens owner George Kennedy announced he was forfeiting the game to Seattle in 1919.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon felt it would be unsportsmanlike to accept the Cup in 1919.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon believed accepting the Cup would have been at the expense of a team decimated by illness in 1919.
At some point in time, Seattle lost in the Stanley Cup finals in the next year against the Ottawa Senators.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon returned to the Rosebuds after the Metropolitans folded in the spring of 1924.
At some point in time, most of Pete Muldoon's players followed him to the NHL.
At some point in time, most of the Rosebuds were sold to Major Frederic McLaughlin to start the Chicago Black Hawks.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon accepted the position with the Black Hawks because his wife Dorothy was a Chicago native.
At some point in time, Dorothy was pregnant with the family's second child when Pete Muldoon accepted the position with the Black Hawks.
At some point in time, the Black Hawks ended the 1926-27 season with a playoff berth.
At some point in time, the Black Hawks finished in third place in the American Division with a 19-22-3 record in the 1926-27 season.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon resigned from the Black Hawks because of constant meddling from Major Frederic McLaughlin.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon returned to Seattle after resigning from the Black Hawks.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon became involved in efforts to bring a professional team back to Seattle.
At some point in time, a new arena was constructed in Seattle in 1928.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon established the Seattle Ice Skating and Hockey Association with the help of a group of investors.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon aided in establishing the PCHL.
At some point in time, the PCHL had its first season in 1928.
At some point in time, the Seattle team in the PCHL was dubbed the Seattle Eskimos.
At some point in time, according to a longstanding NHL legend, Major Frederic McLaughlin felt the Blackhawks should have won the American Division in their first season.
At some point in time, Major Frederic McLaughlin fired Pete Muldoon when Pete Muldoon disagreed.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon was reported to have placed an Irish curse on the Black Hawks.
At some point in time, the Irish curse was said to keep the Black Hawks out of first place forever.
At some point in time, the Black Hawks did not finish first in any format until the 1966-67 season.
At some point in time, the 1966-67 season was the Black Hawks' 41st year in the league.
At some point in time, it is unknown if Pete Muldoon ever actually cursed the team.
At some point in time, it has been alleged that the curse was a hoax by a Toronto sportswriter.
At some point in time, other sources maintain that 41 years is plenty long enough for any curse, real or imagined.
At some point in time, in the spring of 1929, Pete Muldoon went to Tacoma with co-owner Nate Druxman.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon and Nate Druxman searched for a location to build a new rink in Tacoma.
At some point in time, Pete Muldoon died due to a heart attack on March 13, 1929.
At some point in time, without their coach, the Seattle Eskimos were able to win a playoff series against Portland.
At some point in time, the Seattle Eskimos lost to Vancouver in the league finals.
At some point in time, the following season, the Seattle Eskimos established the Pete Muldoon Trophy.
At some point in time, the Pete Muldoon Trophy was presented to the player deemed most inspirational by his teammates.
At some point in time, the Pete Muldoon Trophy was awarded for a few seasons.
At some point in time, the Pete Muldoon Trophy disappeared from records during the Great Depression years.