At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was an experimental submarine built for the Royal Navy before the First World War.
At some point in time, The Royal Navy's goal was to create an "overseas" submarine capable of 20 knots (37 km/h; 23 mph) on the surface.
At some point in time, Diesel engines of the period were unreliable and not very powerful.
At some point in time, Steam turbines were proposed instead to meet the Royal Navy's requirement.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish proved to be slower than designed.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was unstable while surfacing.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was modified as an anti-submarine patrol vessel in 1917.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was paid off before the end of the war.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was sold for scrapping in 1922.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was developed to meet a requirement of the Royal Navy's Submarine Committee.
At some point in time, The Royal Navy's Submarine Committee required a large submarine capable of operating with the fleet at a surfaced speed of 20 knots.
At some point in time, Most of the earlier British submarines had been single-hulled vessels built by Vickers.
At some point in time, The Royal Navy was interested in evaluating other submarine designs.
At some point in time, Captain Roger Keyes was the Inspecting Captain of Submarines.
At some point in time, Captain Roger Keyes had previously served as naval attaché in Italy.
At some point in time, Captain Roger Keyes kept abreast of Italian submarine developments.
At some point in time, Italian submarine developments included double-hulled submarines designed by Cesare Laurenti of Fiat-San Giorgio.
At some point in time, Three boats of the S class were ordered first.
At some point in time, Cesare Laurenti was invited to submit a design to meet the Royal Navy's requirement.
At some point in time, Fiat-San Giorgio was wary about using heavy oil Diesel engines.
At some point in time, Fiat-San Giorgio hesitated to guarantee the success of heavy oil Diesel engines of the power required.
At some point in time, Cesare Laurenti prepared a design with geared steam turbines having a speed of 18 knots on a surface displacement of 856 tons.
At some point in time, Laurenti's design was modified by Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company, Greenock, to include guns.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish kept the same main dimensions as Laurenti's original design.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had a greater displacement than Laurenti's original design.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had less endurance than Laurenti's original design.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had an overall length of 231 ft 3.5 in (70.498 m).
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had a beam of 22 ft 11 in (6.99 m).
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had a draught of 14 feet 11 inches (4.55 m).
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish displaced 932 long tons (947 t) on the surface.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish displaced 1,105 long tons (1,123 t) submerged.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had a partial double hull that extended over 75% of her length.
At some point in time, The upper portion of HMS Swordfish's double hull was controlled free-flooding.
At some point in time, The rest of HMS Swordfish's double hull was devoted to watertight 'baling flats', ballast, and fuel tanks.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish's hull was divided into eight compartments by seven watertight bulkheads.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish's diving depth and time are not known.
At some point in time, Records from HMS Swordfish's sea trials have not survived.
At some point in time, Shutting down HMS Swordfish's boiler required about a minute and a quarter.
At some point in time, Retracting HMS Swordfish's funnel required about a minute and a quarter.
At some point in time, Sealing HMS Swordfish's boiler uptake required about a minute and a quarter.
At some point in time, Switching over to the electric motors required about a minute and a quarter.
At some point in time, Much attention was paid to safety arrangements in HMS Swordfish.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had extensive subdivision for safety.
At some point in time, Indicator and telephone buoys could be released from inside HMS Swordfish.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was provided with external air connections.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had a charged high-pressure line that could provide air to any manned compartment or the living spaces.
At some point in time, The main ballast tanks of HMS Swordfish could be blown from either end of the ship.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had two Parsons geared impulse-reaction steam turbine sets.
At some point in time, Each Parsons geared impulse-reaction steam turbine set drove one of the two propeller shafts of HMS Swordfish.
At some point in time, The turbines of HMS Swordfish were powered by a single Yarrow-type boiler.
At some point in time, The turbines of HMS Swordfish were designed to produce a total of 4,000 shaft horsepower (3,000 kW).
At some point in time, The turbines of HMS Swordfish operated at a working pressure of 250 psi (1,700 kPa; 18 kgf/cm²).
At some point in time, The turbines of HMS Swordfish used a superheater to increase the working temperature by 100 °F (38 °C).
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was fitted with two electric motors.
At some point in time, The combined output of HMS Swordfish's electric motors was 1,400 bhp (1,000 kW).
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had two battery rooms.
At some point in time, Each battery room of HMS Swordfish had 64 battery cells.
At some point in time, It is uncertain if HMS Swordfish reached her designed speed of 18 knots on the surface.
At some point in time, It seems unlikely that HMS Swordfish reached her designed speed of 18 knots on the surface.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had a maximum speed of 10 knots (19 km/h; 12 mph) underwater.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish could carry 102 long tons (104 t) of fuel oil.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish's builders estimated that 102 long tons (104 t) of fuel oil gave her an endurance of 3,000 nautical miles (5,600 km; 3,500 mi) at a speed of 8.5 knots (15.7 km/h; 9.8 mph) on the surface.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had a submerged endurance of 60 nautical miles (110 km; 69 mi) at a speed of 6 knots (11 km/h; 6.9 mph) on her batteries.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had two tubes for 21-inch (530 mm) torpedoes in her bow.
At some point in time, The two torpedo tubes in HMS Swordfish's bow were stepped vertically.
At some point in time, The two torpedo tubes in HMS Swordfish's bow were positioned well back from the stem in a notch from the keel.
At some point in time, The positioning of the two torpedo tubes in HMS Swordfish's bow preserved the fine lines of the bow.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had two 18-inch (460 mm) torpedo tubes positioned on each beam amidships.
At some point in time, Each torpedo tube on HMS Swordfish was provided with one reload.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish had two 3-inch (76 mm) guns fitted on the deck in disappearing mounts.
At some point in time, One 3-inch (76 mm) gun on HMS Swordfish was positioned fore of the conning tower.
At some point in time, One 3-inch (76 mm) gun on HMS Swordfish was positioned aft of the conning tower.
At some point in time, The two 3-inch (76 mm) guns on HMS Swordfish were covered by watertight hoods.
At some point in time, The watertight hoods on HMS Swordfish preserved the streamlining of the submarine.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was ordered from Scotts Shipbuilding and Engineering Company on 18 August 1913.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was not laid down until 28 February 1914.
At some point in time, The start of the First World War six months later greatly hindered HMS Swordfish's completion.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was not launched until 18 March 1916.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was commissioned on 28 April 1916 before completion.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was renamed HMS S1 on 28 April 1916.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was not completed until 21 July 1916.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was captained by Commander Geoffrey Layton.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish's post-completion trials lasted for five months.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was used to evaluate steam power for submarine use.
At some point in time, Much was learned about the operation of steam submarines during HMS Swordfish's trials.
At some point in time, The knowledge gained from HMS Swordfish's trials helped the subsequent design of the steam-powered K-class fleet submarines.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish proved to be very unstable while surfacing.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was presumed to be unstable while surfacing because she could not pump the water out of her controlled free-flooding spaces quickly enough.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish's instability while surfacing was presumably due to the upper part of her double hull.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was too slow to work with the fleet as originally envisioned.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was impossible to make into an effective warship.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was laid up after her trials.
At some point in time, HMS S1 reverted to her original name in July 1917.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was converted to a surface patrol vessel between 27 June 1917 and 24 January 1918.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish's torpedo tubes were removed during her conversion.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish's disappearing guns were removed during her conversion.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was given a forecastle during her conversion.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was given a bridge during her conversion.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish's funnel was fixed in place and extended during her conversion.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was rearmed with a pair of 12-pounder (3 inch, 76 mm) guns during her conversion.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was rearmed with depth charges during her conversion.
At some point in time, The weapons rearmed on HMS Swordfish were more suitable for her new role as an anti-submarine patrol boat.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish joined the 1st Destroyer Flotilla at Portsmouth upon completion of her sea trials.
At some point in time, Nothing is known of HMS Swordfish's subsequent service.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was paid off on 30 October 1918.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was stricken from the Navy List by January 1919.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was sold for scrapping to Pounds of Portsmouth in July 1922.
At some point in time, HMS Swordfish was reported to have been resold to Hayes of Porthcawl in 1923.