At some point in time, Kepler - 6 is a yellow giant situated in the constellation Cygnus.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 lies within the field of view of the Kepler Mission.
At some point in time, the Kepler Mission is a NASA-led mission to discover Earth-like planets.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 is slightly larger than the Sun.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 is more metal-rich than the Sun.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 is slightly cooler than the Sun.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 is more massive than the Sun.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 is orbited by at least one extrasolar planet.
At some point in time, the extrasolar planet orbiting Kepler - 6 is named Kepler - 6b.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6b is a Jupiter-sized planet.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6b orbits closely to Kepler - 6.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 was named for the Kepler Mission.
The Kepler Mission was launched in 2009.
At some point in time, the goal of the Kepler Mission is to discover Earth-like planets that transit their home stars with respect to Earth.
Kepler - 6 does not have a common and colloquial name.
At some point in time, the discovery of Kepler - 6b was announced by the Kepler team on January 4, 2010.
At some point in time, the announcement of Kepler - 6b's discovery occurred at the 215th meeting of the American Astronomical Society.
At some point in time, the Kepler team also announced planets around Kepler - 4, Kepler - 5, Kepler - 7, and Kepler - 8.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6b was the third planet to be discovered by the Kepler spacecraft.
At some point in time, the first three planets verified by data from Kepler had been previously discovered.
At some point in time, the three previously discovered planets were used to test the accuracy of Kepler's measurements.
At some point in time, the discovery of Kepler - 6 was confirmed by follow-up observations.
At some point in time, the follow-up observations were made using the Hobby Eberly telescope in Texas.
At some point in time, the follow-up observations were made using the Smith telescope in Texas.
At some point in time, the follow-up observations were made using the Keck 1 telescope in Hawaii.
At some point in time, the follow-up observations were made using the Hale telescope in southern California.
At some point in time, the follow-up observations were made using the Shane telescope in southern California.
At some point in time, the follow-up observations were made using the WIYN telescope in Arizona.
At some point in time, the follow-up observations were made using the MMT telescope in Arizona.
At some point in time, the follow-up observations were made using the Tillinghast telescope in Arizona.
At some point in time, the follow-up observations were made using the Nordic Optical Telescope in the Canary Islands.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 has a mass of approximately 1.209 Msun.
At some point in time, 1.209 Msun is some five-fourths the mass of the Sun.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 has a radius of 1.391 Rsun.
At some point in time, 1.391 Rsun is seven-fifths of the radius of the Sun.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 is approximately 3.8 billion years old.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 has an effective temperature of 5647 K.
At some point in time, 5647 K is equivalent to 9,705 °F.
At some point in time, the Sun has a slightly warmer temperature of 5778 K.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 has a metallicity of [Fe/H] = +0.34.
At some point in time, a metallicity of [Fe/H] = +0.34 makes Kepler - 6 2.2 times more metallic than the Sun.
At some point in time, metal-rich stars tend to be more likely to have planets and planetary systems.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 has an apparent magnitude of 13.8.
At some point in time, an apparent magnitude of 13.8 means Kepler - 6 is not visible with the naked eye.
At some point in time, Pluto's apparent magnitude at its brightest is 13.65.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6 has one confirmed extrasolar planet.
At some point in time, the confirmed extrasolar planet is a gas giant named Kepler - 6b.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6b has a mass of approximately 0.669 MJ.
At some point in time, 0.669 MJ is some two-thirds the mass of planet Jupiter.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6b is slightly more diffuse than Jupiter.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6b has a radius of approximately 1.323 RJ.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6b orbits at an average distance of 0.0456 AU from Kepler - 6.
At some point in time, Kepler - 6b completes an orbit every 3.234 days.
At some point in time, the eccentricity of Kepler - 6b's orbit is assumed to be 0.
At some point in time, an eccentricity of 0 indicates that Kepler - 6b has a circular orbit.