At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher (Deltarhynchus flammulatus) is a species of bird in the Tyrannidae family.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is the only species in the monotypic genus Deltarhynchus.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is closely related to the birds of the genus Myiarchus.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is endemic to the dry deciduous forest of Mexico's Pacific coast.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is endemic to the arid thorn forest of Mexico's Pacific coast.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is endemic to the scrubby woodland of Mexico's Pacific coast.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is an olive to gray-brown bird.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a streaked, pale gray chest.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a white throat.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a black bill.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has dark gray feet.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has dark brown wings.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is a skulking bird.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher typically remains hidden in the underbrush.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher feeds by gleaning insects off of leaves and twigs.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher spots insects from an exposed perch.
At some point in time, the female flammulated flycatcher lays approximately three eggs.
At some point in time, the female flammulated flycatcher lays eggs in a nest made in a shallow tree cavity.
At some point in time, the species was first described in 1875 by ornithologist George Newbold Lawrence.
At some point in time, George Newbold Lawrence placed the flammulated flycatcher in the genus Myiarchus.
At some point in time, in 1893, Robert Ridgway split the flammulated flycatcher from Myiarchus into the new, monotypic genus Deltarhynchus.
At some point in time, Robert Ridgway distinguished the flammulated flycatcher from Myiarchus by its shorter and broader bill.
At some point in time, Robert Ridgway distinguished the flammulated flycatcher from Myiarchus by its more rounded wings.
At some point in time, Robert Ridgway distinguished the flammulated flycatcher from Myiarchus by its partially streaked underparts.
At some point in time, Richard Bowdler Sharpe upheld the change made by Robert Ridgway in 1901.
At some point in time, subsequent authors upheld the change made by Robert Ridgway.
At some point in time, in 1977, Melvin Alvah Traylor Jr. upheld the status of the flammulated flycatcher as a monotypic genus.
At some point in time, Melvin Alvah Traylor Jr. suggested that the flammulated flycatcher should be lumped back into Myiarchus if its nesting habits were similar to those of that genus.
At some point in time, Wesley Lanyon's research of the flammulated flycatcher in 1979 confirmed the bird's placement in a monotypic genus.
At some point in time, Deltarhynchus is similar to the genus Myiarchus.
At some point in time, Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by a broader and shorter bill.
At some point in time, Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by more rounded wings.
At some point in time, Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by a different face pattern.
At some point in time, Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by pale cinnamon wing and tail edgings.
At some point in time, Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by its voice.
At some point in time, Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by streaking on the chest.
At some point in time, Deltarhynchus is distinguished from Myiarchus by the bird's skulking habits.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's generic name is derived from the Ancient Greek word delta, which means "delta-shaped" or "wedge." At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's specific epithet is derived from the Latin word flammula, which means "little flame." At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has no subspecies.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is approximately 6 to 6.5 inches (15-16.5 cm) in length.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a chunky body.
At some point in time, adult male flammulated flycatchers are similar in plumage to adult female flammulated flycatchers.
At some point in time, adult male flammulated flycatchers possess olive to worn gray-brown upperparts.
At some point in time, adult male flammulated flycatchers possess olive to worn gray-brown heads.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a whitish supraloral stripe.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a crescent behind its eyes.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a dusky lore.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a whitish throat.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a pale gray chest with inconspicuous dusky streaking.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a pale yellow belly.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has pale yellow undertail coverts.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has dark brown, well-rounded wings.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has pale cinnamon-edged coverts.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has pale cinnamon-edged remiges.
At some point in time, the wings of the flammulated flycatcher are about 3 inches (76 mm) long.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a dark brown tail.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's tail is edged with a narrow band of pale cinnamon.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's tail is barely shorter than its wings.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's tail is slightly rounded.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a black bill.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's bill is broad and triangular.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's bill has a slightly paler base.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's bill is about half the length of its head.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has dark gray legs.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's legs end with large, curved, and sharp claws.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has an orange mouth.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher has a brown eye.
At some point in time, the juvenile flammulated flycatcher is similar to the adult flammulated flycatcher.
At some point in time, the juvenile flammulated flycatcher's tail has a broad band of pale cinnamon.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher mostly sings from April to August.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher's singing period includes its breeding season.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher tends to remain hidden while singing.
At some point in time, the song of the flammulated flycatcher is a plaintive whistle followed by a short but quick roll.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher can give a plaintive and slurred chew call.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher often sings its chew call three to five times in a descending series.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher can give a squeaky chatter.
At some point in time, the calls of the flammulated flycatcher are the same for males and females.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher gives calls throughout the day.
At some point in time, the calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve to give a location.
At some point in time, the calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve to identify an individual.
At some point in time, the calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve to sound an alarm.
At some point in time, the calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve to mark the limits of a territory.
At some point in time, the calls of the flammulated flycatcher serve other functions.
At some point in time, during the breeding season, male flammulated flycatchers give what is known as a dawn song every morning.
At some point in time, the dawn song of male flammulated flycatchers includes the calls chee-bee beet and churr-r-r-bee bee in alternation.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is endemic to the Pacific lowlands of Mexico's western coast.
At some point in time, the range of the flammulated flycatcher extends from Sinaloa to western Chiapas.
At some point in time, the range of the flammulated flycatcher possibly extends into Guatemala.
At some point in time, the extension of the range of the flammulated flycatcher into Guatemala has not been confirmed.
At some point in time, the total area that the flammulated flycatcher lives in is estimated to be 66,000 km² (25,482.7 sq mi).
At some point in time, the range of the flammulated flycatcher is discontinuous.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is found in low densities when present.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher lives in dry deciduous forest at about 1000-1400 meters (3280-4593 ft) above sea level.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher lives in arid and semi-arid thorn forest at about 1000-1400 meters (3280-4593 ft) above sea level.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher lives in scrubby woodland at about 1000-1400 meters (3280-4593 ft) above sea level.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is non-migratory.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is listed as being of least concern on the IUCN Red List.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is listed as least concern due to its large range.
At some point in time, the total population of the flammulated flycatcher is believed to number over 10,000 individuals.
At some point in time, no precise estimate on the flammulated flycatcher's population exists.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is known to be uncommon in parts of its range.
At some point in time, the population of the flammulated flycatcher is not believed to be declining enough to pass the threshold of 30% in ten years or three generations.
At some point in time, the threshold of 30% in ten years or three generations is necessary to be listed as near threatened.
At some point in time, the exact population trends of the flammulated flycatcher have not been quantified.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher is a sluggish and skulking species.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher usually remains in the underbrush.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher raises the feathers on its crown to form what appears to be a crest when excited by an intruder.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher raises the feathers on its crown to form what appears to be a crest when attempting to attract a mate.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher does not bob its head while displaying the crest.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher forages by perching on an open branch.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher looks outward and downward for prey.
At some point in time, the primary prey of the flammulated flycatcher consists of insects.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher rapidly and directly flies at a potential meal once it spots it.
At some point in time, the potential meal of the flammulated flycatcher is normally on the exposed upper surface of a leaf or twig.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher hovers briefly before the insect.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher grabs the insect in its beak.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher flies away to typically a new perch after grabbing the insect.
At some point in time, the flammulated flycatcher breeds around June of each year.