At some point in time, Prelude to a Million Years: A Book of Wood Engravings is a 1933 wordless novel.
At some point in time, Prelude to a Million Years consists of thirty wood engravings.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward is an American artist.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward was born in 1905.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward died in 1985.
At some point in time, Prelude to a Million Years is the fourth of Lynd Ward's six wordless novels.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward discovered the genre of wordless novels while studying wood engraving in Europe.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward was influenced by the works of Frans Masereel.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward was influenced by the works of Otto Nückel.
At some point in time, the story in Prelude to a Million Years is symbol-rich.
At some point in time, the story tells of a sculptor.
At some point in time, the sculptor is in quest of ideal beauty.
At some point in time, the sculptor neglects the reality of the struggles of his neighbors.
At some point in time, the struggles of the neighbors occur in the depths of the Great Depression.
At some point in time, the engravings in Prelude to a Million Years are done in a softer Art Deco style.
At some point in time, the artwork in Prelude to a Million Years contrasts with the German Expressionism-influenced artwork of Lynd Ward's earlier works.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward was a son of Harry F. Ward.
At some point in time, Harry F. Ward was a Methodist minister.
At some point in time, Harry F. Ward was a social activist.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward displayed the influence of his father's interest in social injustice throughout his career.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward married May McNeer in 1926.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward and May McNeer left for Europe after their marriage.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward spent a year studying wood engraving in Leipzig, Germany.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward encountered German Expressionist art in Leipzig, Germany.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward read the wordless novel The Sun by Frans Masereel in Leipzig, Germany.
At some point in time, Frans Masereel was a Flemish woodcut artist.
At some point in time, Frans Masereel was born in 1889.
At some point in time, Frans Masereel died in 1972.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward returned to the United States after studying in Europe.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward freelanced his illustrations after returning to the United States.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward came across Otto Nückel's wordless novel Destiny in New York City in 1929.
At some point in time, Otto Nückel's wordless novel Destiny was published in 1926.
At some point in time, Otto Nückel's wordless novel Destiny inspired Lynd Ward to create a wordless novel of his own.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward created the wordless novel Gods' Man in 1929.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward followed Gods' Man with the wordless novel Madman's Drum.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward followed Madman's Drum with the wordless novel Wild Pilgrimage.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward and May McNeer were among the nine cofounders of Equinox Cooperative Press in December 1931.
At some point in time, Equinox Cooperative Press was dedicated to a hands-on approach to bookmaking.
At some point in time, the book opens with a dream sequence.
At some point in time, in the dream sequence, a sculptor worships before a flower symbolizing beauty.
At some point in time, the sculptor struggles to capture his vision of beauty in a sculpture.
At some point in time, the sculpture is of an idealized woman.
At some point in time, the sculptor neglects the reality around him.
At some point in time, the sculptor neglects the toll the Depression of the 1930s has taken on people.
At some point in time, the sculptor crosses paths with a neighbor who is beaten by her husband.
At some point in time, the sculptor witnesses violent social protest.
At some point in time, the sculptor witnesses jingoistic nationalists.
At some point in time, the sculptor witnesses drunkenness.
At some point in time, the sculptor is engulfed in flames when he returns to his studio.
At some point in time, the sculptor tries to flee from the reality around him.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward returns to the theme of an artist in a decaying culture in Prelude to a Million Years.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward explored the theme of an artist in a decaying culture in his first wordless novel, Gods' Man.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward intended Prelude to a Million Years as a commentary on the Depression.
At some point in time, the Depression colored outlooks since the publication of Gods' Man.
At some point in time, headlines declared endless layoffs during the Depression.
At some point in time, headlines declared strikes during the Depression.
At some point in time, headlines declared lock-outs during the Depression.
At some point in time, headlines declared political spin during the Depression.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward believed a process of polarization of the citizenry was set in motion.
At some point in time, the style of Prelude to a Million Years evolved from angular German Expressionism.
At some point in time, the style of Prelude to a Million Years evolved to a softer Art Deco style.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward uses symbols throughout Prelude to a Million Years.
At some point in time, one symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is the spinning of a spiderweb.
At some point in time, the spinning of a spiderweb indicates the passage of time.
At some point in time, one symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is a fire hydrant.
At some point in time, the fire hydrant echoes the emotions of a street riot.
At some point in time, one symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is towering city buildings.
At some point in time, the towering city buildings represent capitalism.
At some point in time, one symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is flags.
At some point in time, the flags represent patriotism.
At some point in time, the most prominent symbol in Prelude to a Million Years is a flower.
At some point in time, the flower represents the artist's distracted quest for beauty.
At some point in time, the artist remains indifferent to the turmoil around him.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward made thirty wood engravings for Prelude to a Million Years.
At some point in time, the wood engravings range in size from 5 × 3 inches to 5 1/4 × 3 1/4 inches.
At some point in time, Prelude to a Million Years was published in 1933.
At some point in time, Prelude to a Million Years was published by Equinox Cooperative Press.
At some point in time, Equinox Cooperative Press is a bookmaking cooperative.
At some point in time, Lynd Ward cofounded Equinox Cooperative Press.
At some point in time, the first edition of Prelude to a Million Years was the third book Equinox published.
At some point in time, the first edition of Prelude to a Million Years was limited to 920 copies.
At some point in time, the first edition of Prelude to a Million Years was printed from the original woodblocks.
At some point in time, the first edition of Prelude to a Million Years was hand-bound in French folds.
At some point in time, the first edition of Prelude to a Million Years had a gold foil spine.
At some point in time, Prelude to a Million Years was modestly priced.
At some point in time, Prelude to a Million Years sold well.
At some point in time, Prelude to a Million Years brought in revenue to sustain Equinox's other book projects.
At some point in time, reception of Prelude to a Million Years was mixed.
At some point in time, reviewer E. L. Tinker praised Lynd Ward's visual mastery.
At some point in time, reviewer E. L. Tinker denigrated Lynd Ward's repetition of plot.
At some point in time, E. L. Tinker described the protagonist's revolt against the injustices of society.
At some point in time, E. L. Tinker described the protagonist's preoccupation with sex.
At some point in time, E. L. Tinker described the protagonist's self-loathing after succumbing to the scarlet woman.
At some point in time, E. L. Tinker described the protagonist's final disillusionment.
At some point in time, wood engraver John DePol considered Prelude to a Million Years his favorite of Lynd Ward's wordless novels.