At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was an Australian historian and commentator.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was born on 9 July 1942.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst died on 3 February 2016.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst attended Unley High School.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst undertook undergraduate study at the University of Adelaide.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst undertook postgraduate study at the University of Adelaide.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was appointed a lecturer at La Trobe University in 1968.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst remained at La Trobe University until the end of his career.
At some point in time, Christine Hirst accompanied John Bradley Hirst to Melbourne.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst had two children.
At some point in time, Catherine Hirst is one of John Bradley Hirst's children.
At some point in time, David Hirst is one of John Bradley Hirst's children.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was head of department at La Trobe University.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was a Reader in History at La Trobe University.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst retired in 2006.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was an Emeritus Scholar at La Trobe University until his death.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst had a distinguished career in teaching.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst had a distinguished career in supervision.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst had a distinguished career in research.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst developed new subjects to teach.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst developed new methodologies to teach subjects.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's work on Australian history was published as The Shortest History of Europe.
At some point in time, The Shortest History of Europe has been translated into nine languages.
At some point in time, the nine languages that The Shortest History of Europe has been translated into are Swedish, Greek, Chinese, Spanish, German, Portuguese, Russian, Turkish, and Korean.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was seconded to the University of Melbourne to edit Historical Studies.
At some point in time, Historical Studies is Australia's leading historical journal.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst edited Historical Studies from 1977 to 1980.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst travelled regularly to Sydney in retirement.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst instructed groups of post-graduate students in thesis writing without remuneration.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst produced a large number of important articles on Australian history.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst produced a large number of important chapters on Australian history.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst produced a large number of important books on Australian history.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's academic interests were wide-ranging.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's academic interests included social history.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's academic interests included cultural history.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's academic interests included political history.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's goal was to elucidate the qualities and characteristics of Australian society.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's goal was to elucidate how the qualities and characteristics of Australian society had developed.
At some point in time, Jeremy Sammut described John Bradley Hirst as an elegant and outstanding stylist.
At some point in time, Jeremy Sammut described John Bradley Hirst as adept at clarifying complex issues.
At some point in time, Jeremy Sammut described John Bradley Hirst as capable of crafting a pithy line that eliminated all doubt.
At some point in time, Alan Frost noted that John Bradley Hirst challenged orthodoxies.
At some point in time, Alan Frost noted that John Bradley Hirst produced many new insights.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst wrote two seminal books on colonial New South Wales.
At some point in time, Frank Bongiorno described John Bradley Hirst's two seminal books as displaying a raw intellectual power.
At some point in time, the two seminal books written by John Bradley Hirst are Convict Society and its Enemies and The Strange Birth of Colonial Democracy.
At some point in time, Convict Society and its Enemies was published in 1983.
At some point in time, The Strange Birth of Colonial Democracy was published in 1988.
At some point in time, Convict Society and its Enemies was reprinted as Freedom on the Fatal Shore in 2008.
At some point in time, Convict Society and its Enemies was particularly influential.
At some point in time, Convict Society and its Enemies argued that early New South Wales was a place where rights and freedoms were well-established from the beginning.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's study of Federation was titled The Sentimental Nation.
At some point in time, The Sentimental Nation was a ground-breaking work.
At some point in time, The Sentimental Nation argued that national sentiment was more important than economics in uniting the nation.
At some point in time, Alan Frost described John Bradley Hirst's shorter analyses as notable.
At some point in time, Alan Frost noted that "Distance in Australia: Was It a Tyrant?" deserves much more attention than it now receives.
At some point in time, Alan Frost noted that John Bradley Hirst's "Egalitarianism" challenges received wisdom about colonial life.
At some point in time, many of John Bradley Hirst's best shorter pieces were collected in Sense and Nonsense in Australian History.
At some point in time, Sense and Nonsense in Australian History was published in 2009.
At some point in time, a major achievement of John Bradley Hirst was a project to index the Melbourne Argus newspaper.
At some point in time, the Melbourne Argus newspaper was indexed from 1860 to 1909.
At some point in time, Frank Bongiorno described John Bradley Hirst as a creative historian.
At some point in time, Frank Bongiorno described John Bradley Hirst as capable of engaging a wide audience.
At some point in time, Frank Bongiorno described John Bradley Hirst as a public intellectual.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst contributed many influential opinion pieces to leading Australian newspapers.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst contributed many influential commentaries to leading Australian journals.
At some point in time, Jeremy Sammut noted that John Bradley Hirst was motivated by an independent mind.
At some point in time, Jeremy Sammut noted that John Bradley Hirst had a distaste for unthinking conformity.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst defied simplistic categorisation as a partisan.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's politics were idiosyncratic.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst described himself as an old-fashioned social democrat.
At some point in time, reading John Bradley Hirst does not encounter a reactionary.
At some point in time, reading John Bradley Hirst delights readers as he marshals facts, logic, and evidence.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst establishes the heterodox case while conveying powerful insights.
At some point in time, a common theme in the obituaries cited is that John Bradley Hirst was fearlessly honest.
At some point in time, Jeremy Sammut noted that John Bradley Hirst was inspired by a commitment to the rigorous pursuit of historical truth.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's commitment to the rigorous pursuit of historical truth drove him to explore deeper patterns and meanings of the past.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst's commitment to the rigorous pursuit of historical truth drove him to explore contemporary implications that others had missed or misled us about.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst held a number of influential appointments during the course of his career.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was a member of the Prime Minister's Republic Advisory Committee.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was the chair of the Commonwealth Civics Education Group.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was a member of the Film Australia Board.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was a council member of the National Museum of Australia.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was a member of the board of Old Parliament House in Canberra.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst wrote the official history of Australia for new citizens.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst took a prominent part in the history summit convened by Prime Minister John Howard in 2006.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst advised the Victorian Government on the school history curriculum.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was the history adviser to the National Curriculum Authority.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was elected to the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia in 1986.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was a committed republican.
At some point in time, John Bradley Hirst was the Convenor of the Republican Movement in Victoria.