At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" is a pop rap song from the 1990 Simpsons album The Simpsons Sing the Blues.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" was performed by Nancy Cartwright, the voice of Bart Simpson.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" featured backing vocals from Michael Jackson.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" included additional vocals from Dan Castellaneta, the voice of Homer Simpson.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" was produced and written by Bryan Loren.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" was released as a single on November 20, 1990.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" received a lot of radio airplay in the United States.
"Do the Bartman" was never officially released as a single in the United States.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" topped the charts in Australia.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" topped the charts in Ireland.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" topped the charts in New Zealand.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" topped the charts in Norway.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" topped the charts in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" reached the top 10 in Sweden.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" reached the top 10 in the Netherlands.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" was certified gold in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, a music video for "Do the Bartman" was released in 1991.
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" was directed by Brad Bird.
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" became a hit on MTV.
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" received a nomination at the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards.
At some point in time, the album The Simpsons Sing the Blues was released in September 1990.
At some point in time, the first single from The Simpsons Sing the Blues was "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" was performed by Nancy Cartwright and released on November 20, 1990.
At some point in time, rumors began spreading in the summer of 1990 that Michael Jackson would write a song for Bart Simpson on the album.
At some point in time, the song reported early on to be "Do the Bartman" was actually written by Bryan Loren.
At some point in time, James L. Brooks issued a press release in September 1990 apologizing for the misunderstanding regarding the authorship of "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, Matt Groening stated during an appearance at the 1998 World Animation Celebration that "Do the Bartman" was co-written and co-produced by Michael Jackson.
At some point in time, Matt Groening stated that Michael Jackson could not receive credit for "Do the Bartman" because he was under contract to another record label.
At some point in time, Matt Groening expressed amazement that no one ever found out that Michael Jackson wrote "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, Michael Jackson was a fan of The Simpsons, especially Bart Simpson.
At some point in time, Michael Jackson called the producers offering to write Bart Simpson a number one single.
At some point in time, Michael Jackson guest-starred in the episode "Stark Raving Dad" under the pseudonym John Jay Smith.
At some point in time, Michael Jackson wrote a song for the episode "Stark Raving Dad" called "Happy Birthday Lisa."
At some point in time, "Happy Birthday Lisa" was later included in the album Songs in the Key of Springfield.
At some point in time, Bryan Loren stated that Michael Jackson provided background vocals for "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, in July 2015, Bryan Loren stated that he is the sole writer of "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, Bryan Loren stated that Michael Jackson's contributions to "Do the Bartman" included backup vocals.
At some point in time, Bryan Loren stated that Michael Jackson provided the title "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, Bryan Loren stated that Michael Jackson insisted his name be mentioned in the lyrics of "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, critical reviews of "Do the Bartman" were mostly positive.
At some point in time, Ken Tucker of Entertainment Weekly described "Do the Bartman" as "not bad."
At some point in time, Ken Tucker commented that Bart Simpson's high voice "echoes the beats nicely."
At some point in time, Benny Balneg of The Daily Vault liked that "Do the Bartman" disengaged itself from the album's "blues tag."
At some point in time, Benny Balneg thought "Do the Bartman" incorporated more "contemporary elements" into its sound.
At some point in time, Benny Balneg thought "Do the Bartman" had a "catchy beat."
At some point in time, Benny Balneg thought "Do the Bartman" had an "infectious chorus."
At some point in time, Patricia Smith of The Long Beach Press-Telegram called "Do the Bartman" a "surprisingly funky tune."
At some point in time, Monika Bartyzel of Cinematical thought "Do the Bartman" was a "cheesy number."
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" and its music video have become study material for sociology courses at the University of California Berkeley.
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" is used to examine issues of the production and reception of cultural objects.
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" is used to figure out what it is trying to tell audiences about aspects of American society.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" spent three weeks at the top of the UK Singles Chart.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" became Britain's seventh best-selling song of 1991.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" has shipped at least 400,000 units in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry on February 1, 1991.
At some point in time, the success of "Do the Bartman" in the United Kingdom was remarkable.
At some point in time, at the time of its success, The Simpsons was airing only on British satellite television station Sky One.
At some point in time, it would be five years before The Simpsons first aired on terrestrial television in Britain.
At some point in time, The Simpsons first aired on BBC One and later on BBC Two.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" spent nine weeks at number one on the Irish Singles Chart from January 24, 1991, to March 24, 1991.
At some point in time, only seven singles have ever managed a longer run at number one in Ireland.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" charted at number one on New Zealand's RIANZ Singles Chart on January 25, 1991.
At some point in time, "Do the Bartman" peaked at number one on the New Zealand chart again for a total of two weeks from February 8, 1991, to February 15, 1991.
At some point in time, in March 1991, "Do the Bartman" became the first single to reach number one in Australia that was not available on 7-inch vinyl.
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" features Bart Simpson rebelling against authority.
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" features Bart Simpson putting his own spin on a rigidly choreographed dance presentation at Springfield Elementary School.
At some point in time, the dance choreography for the music video for "Do the Bartman" was done by Michael Chambers.
At some point in time, nobody from the staff of The Simpsons wanted to direct the music video for "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, Brad Bird agreed to direct the music video for "Do the Bartman" after being asked four times.
At some point in time, Brad Bird had a very short amount of time to finish the music video for "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" was supposed to coincide with the release of The Simpsons Sing the Blues.
At some point in time, the entire music video for "Do the Bartman" was storyboarded in only two days in the United States.
At some point in time, Brad Bird flew to Budapest, Hungary, to animate the music video for "Do the Bartman."
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" was animated by Varga Studio.
At some point in time, the animators thought the music video for "Do the Bartman" was going to be animated simply.
At some point in time, the animators went into deep shock when Brad Bird told them the music video for "Do the Bartman" was going to be done in full animation with no repeated scenes.
At some point in time, the animators added a wraparound at the beginning of the music video for "Do the Bartman" to set Bart Simpson against the crowd.
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" was nominated for Best Special Effects at the 1991 MTV Video Music Awards.
At some point in time, the music video for "Do the Bartman" was the number one music video on rotation on American MTV network between January and March 1991.
At some point in time, following the death of Michael Jackson on June 25, 2009, the music video for "Do the Bartman" was broadcast by the Fox network on June 28, 2009.
At some point in time, the broadcast of the music video for "Do the Bartman" featured a title card paying tribute to Michael Jackson.