At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is a small medieval church in the hamlet of Bodewryd, in Anglesey, north Wales.
At some point in time, the date of construction of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is unknown.
At some point in time, there was a church on the site of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd in 1254.
At some point in time, the earliest feature of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd to which a date can be given is a doorway in a 15th-century style dating to around 1500.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was restored in 1867 after being struck by lightning.
At some point in time, stained glass with Islamic-influenced patterns was included in the windows of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, the inclusion of stained glass with Islamic-influenced patterns was a requirement of Lord Stanley of Alderley.
At some point in time, Lord Stanley of Alderley was a convert to Islam.
At some point in time, the Church in Wales uses St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd for worship.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is one of five churches in a combined parish.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is a Grade II listed building.
At some point in time, the Grade II listing is a national designation given to buildings of special interest.
At some point in time, buildings of special interest warrant every effort being made to preserve them.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is a simple rural church of Medieval origins.
At some point in time, the date of foundation of the first religious building on the site of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is unknown.
At some point in time, a church was recorded at the site of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd in the Norwich Taxation of 1254.
At some point in time, the church at the site of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was owned by the Augustinian priory at Penmon during the 13th century.
At some point in time, the Augustinian priory at Penmon also owned the Anglesey churches of Llanddona and St Cwyllog, Llangwyllog during the 13th century.
At some point in time, the current building of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has medieval walls.
At some point in time, the doorway of the porch on the north side of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is the oldest dateable part of the building.
At some point in time, a 2009 guide to the buildings of north-west Wales put the date for the doorway of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd at c.1500.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was restored in 1867 by Henry Kennedy.
At some point in time, Henry Kennedy was the architect of the Diocese of Bangor.
At some point in time, the restoration of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was funded by Lord Stanley of Alderley.
At some point in time, Lord Stanley of Alderley imposed the requirement that Islamic detail should be included in any restoration work.
At some point in time, the windows of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd have geometric patterns of small panes of coloured glass as a result of Lord Stanley of Alderley’s requirement.
At some point in time, the condition of including Islamic detail was also imposed by Lord Stanley of Alderley for the restoration work at the nearby church of St Peirio, Rhosbeirio.
At some point in time, the new windows at the nearby church of St Peirio, Rhosbeirio were decorated with geometric patterns in glass.
At some point in time, for many years, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was associated with the Wynn family of Bodewryd.
At some point in time, the Wynn family had an estate at Bodewryd from 1521 until 1755.
At some point in time, Edward Wynne died without male heirs in 1755.
At some point in time, Edward Wynne was Chancellor of the Diocese of Hereford from 1707 to 1754.
At some point in time, Humphrey Humphreys was married in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd in 1690.
At some point in time, Humphrey Humphreys was Bishop of Bangor and then Bishop of Hereford.
At some point in time, the bishop’s sister married into the Wynn family in 1672.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is by the side of the road in Bodewryd, in the north of Anglesey.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is about 3 miles (4.8 km) from the town of Amlwch.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is surrounded by a rectangular churchyard.
At some point in time, the churchyard of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is entered through a wooden gate.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is still in use for worship.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd belongs to the Church in Wales.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is part of the combined parish of Llanfechell with Bodewryd with Rhosbeirio with Llanfflewin and Llanbadrig.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is within the deanery of Twrcelyn.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is within the archdeaconry of Bangor.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is within the Diocese of Bangor.
At some point in time, as of 2012, the rector of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is the Reverend Canon G W Edwards.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was used at one time as a chapel of ease for St Eilian’s Church, Llaneilian.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has been described as "tiny."
At some point in time, the Diocese of Bangor states that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is the second-smallest church in Anglesey.
At some point in time, the nave and chancel of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd measure together 34 feet 9 inches by 14 feet (about 10.6 m by 4.3 m).
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is constructed of rubble masonry.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is dressed with freestone.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a foundation of boulders.
At some point in time, the roof of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is made of slate.
At some point in time, the roof timbers of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd can be seen from inside.
At some point in time, the only bell of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is dated 1747.
At some point in time, the only bell of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is decorated with a vine scroll.
At some point in time, the door to St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is on the north side through a porch.
At some point in time, the doorway to the porch of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a rounded head.
At some point in time, the doorway to the porch of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a 15th-century style doorjamb.
At some point in time, the porch of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is more modern than the doorway.
At some point in time, the windows in the nave of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd have rounded tops.
At some point in time, there is one window in the north wall of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, there is one window in the west wall of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, there are two windows in the south wall of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, the window at the east end of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd dates from the late 16th century.
At some point in time, the window at the east end of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is rectangular with three arched lights set in a square frame.
At some point in time, the lights of the window at the east end of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd are separated by mullions.
At some point in time, there is an external hoodmould above the window at the east end of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, there are two fonts in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, one font in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd may be medieval in origin.
At some point in time, one font in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is a gritstone bowl of rectangular shape.
At some point in time, the other font in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd may have been added during the 19th-century restoration.
At some point in time, the other font in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is an oval alabaster bowl with rich decoration.
At some point in time, the south wall of the chancel of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a brass tablet to mark money received from Queen Anne’s Bounty in 1720.
At some point in time, the south wall of the chancel of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has a brass tablet to mark money received from Robert Wynn, rector of Llantrisant, Anglesey, in 1727.
At some point in time, there are various memorials on the interior walls of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, Edward Wynne is buried in the churchyard of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, Edward Wynne, his siblings, and his parents are commemorated by various brass tablets in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, the 1937 survey of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd by the Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments in Wales and Monmouthshire claims that seven generations of Wynne’s male ancestors were buried in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd, beginning with Rees ap Llewelyn in 1500.
At some point in time, the survey recorded that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd possessed a silver cup from about 1641 donated by Wynne.
At some point in time, the survey recorded that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd possessed a silver cup and paten donated by Wynne’s sister Ellin in 1703.
At some point in time, the survey recorded that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd possessed part of an oak table top with a Latin inscription and the date 1611.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has national recognition and statutory protection from alteration.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has been designated as a Grade II listed building.
At some point in time, the Grade II listing of St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd is the lowest of the three grades of listing.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd was given Grade II status on 12 May 1970.
At some point in time, St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd has been listed as a simple rural church of Medieval origins.
At some point in time, Cadw notes that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd retains Medieval fabric.
At some point in time, Cadw describes St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd as largely of 19th-century character.
At some point in time, Cadw describes St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd as a simple vernacular building.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd described St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd as a small ancient edifice.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd noted the memorials to the Wynnes in St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd recorded that Edward Wynne donated 121 acres (49 ha) in 1722.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd recorded that Edward Wynne donated a rent charge of £2 to endow the living.
At some point in time, Angharad Llwyd recorded that £800 was received from Queen Anne’s Bounty.
At some point in time, a 2006 guide to the churches of the county describes St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd as one of the smallest churches in Anglesey.
At some point in time, a 2006 guide to the churches of the county says that St Mary’s Church, Bodewryd stood in a pleasant location.