At some point in time, "We Remain" is a song by American singer Christina Aguilera.
At some point in time, "We Remain" is taken from The Hunger Games: Catching Fire – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack.
At some point in time, The Hunger Games: Catching Fire – Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the 2013 American science-fiction adventure film The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
At some point in time, "We Remain" was released as the third single from the soundtrack on October 1, 2013.
At some point in time, "We Remain" follows Coldplay's "Atlas."
At some point in time, "We Remain" follows Sia's "Elastic Heart."
At some point in time, "We Remain" was composed by Ryan Tedder, Brent Kutzle, and Mikky Ekko.
At some point in time, "We Remain" is an arena pop power ballad.
At some point in time, "We Remain" talks about "perseverance."
At some point in time, contemporary music critics lauded "We Remain" for its sound.
At some point in time, contemporary music critics picked "We Remain" as one of the highlights from the soundtrack.
At some point in time, "We Remain" appeared on a few national record charts including Belgium and South Korea.
At some point in time, Christina Aguilera released her seventh studio album, Lotus, in 2012.
At some point in time, Lotus spawned two singles: "Your Body" and "Just a Fool."
At some point in time, Aguilera was reported to be featured on the soundtrack for The Hunger Games: Catching Fire Original Motion Picture Soundtrack with a song called "We Remain" in September 2013.
At some point in time, on September 25, 2013, Christina Aguilera unveiled a 90-second preview of "We Remain."
At some point in time, "We Remain" was released as a digital download single at Amazon.com on October 1, 2013.
At some point in time, "We Remain" was released on the iTunes Store on October 1, 2013.
At some point in time, "We Remain" impacted US contemporary hit radio on October 8, 2013.
At some point in time, Christina Aguilera performed "We Remain" live with her contestant Jacquie Lee during the season finale of the fifth season of The Voice on December 17, 2013.
At some point in time, a studio version of the duet of "We Remain" was released on the US iTunes Store on December 16, 2013.
At some point in time, "We Remain" was written by Ryan Tedder, Brent Kutzle of OneRepublic, and Mikky Ekko.
At some point in time, "We Remain" is a midtempo arena pop power ballad.
At some point in time, "We Remain" lasts for a duration of 4:00 (four minutes).
At some point in time, Christina Aguilera sings with "enormous" and "soaring" vocals on a "propulsive Ryan Tedder-ish beat" background in "We Remain."
At some point in time, "We Remain" incorporates a smooth piano and drum machine in its instrumentation.
At some point in time, according to Billboard magazine, "We Remain" finds Christina Aguilera tamping down for a natural and forceful message of perseverance.
At some point in time, at the chorus, Christina Aguilera sings "So burn me with fire / Drown me with rain / I'm gonna wake up screaming your name / Yes I'm a sinner, yes I'm a saint / whatever happens here, whatever happens here, we remain."
At some point in time, several critics compared "We Remain" to Christina Aguilera's previous hit "Beautiful" (2002).
At some point in time, several critics compared "We Remain" to Alicia Keys' "Girl on Fire" (2012) for musical similarities.
At some point in time, "We Remain" received critical acclaim from music critics.
At some point in time, Ryan Reed from Rolling Stone magazine praised "We Remain" as a "triumphant sounding" track.
At some point in time, Ryan Reed from Rolling Stone magazine stated "We Remain" is sure to be a hit at District 12 radio.
At some point in time, an editor from The Huffington Post picked "We Remain" as one of the standout tracks from the soundtrack.
At some point in time, an editor from The Huffington Post stated "We Remain" encapsulates the spirit and power of Games' heroine, Katniss.
At some point in time, Sam Lansky for Idolator praised "We Remain" for its musical departure from Christina Aguilera's ballads for her 2012 album Lotus.
At some point in time, Brett Malec of E! simply called "We Remain" a "beautiful track."
At some point in time, a staff writer from Billboard named "We Remain" a "triumphant" song.
At some point in time, Alex Young from Consequence of Sound selected "We Remain" as one of the highlights from the album while reviewing the soundtrack for The Hunger Games: Catching Fire.
At some point in time, Alex Young from Consequence of Sound stated "We Remain" made Christina Aguilera "the biggest star on display."
At some point in time, Entertainment Weekly writer Nick Catucci picked "We Remain" as one of the best tracks.
At some point in time, Nick Catucci called "We Remain" "an awesome reminder of Christina's power."
At some point in time, Nick Catucci called "We Remain" one of the most righteous doses of uplift this year, on any platform.
At some point in time, "We Remain" peaked at number 58 on the South Korean Gaon International Download Chart.
At some point in time, "We Remain" sold 2,689 copies on October 6, 2013.
At some point in time, "We Remain" peaked at number 31 on the Belgian Flanders Singles Chart.
At some point in time, "We Remain" peaked at number 14 on the Belgian Wallonian Singles Chart.
At some point in time, credits were adapted from The Hunger Games: Catching Fire soundtrack digital inlay cover.
At some point in time, "We Remain" has a digital download length of 4:00.