At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was born on 8 February 1983.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover is an English model.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover is well known for her work as a glamour model.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has appeared in British lad mags, including FHM, Bizarre, Maxim, and Loaded.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has appeared in tabloids such as the News of the World, The Sun, and Daily Star.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover is the first British model to be named "Model of the Year" in Playboy Special Editions.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was born in St Helens, Merseyside, England.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover had a troubled childhood.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover grew up partly in St Helens with her father's family.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover grew up partly in Great Yarmouth with her mother's family.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover grew up partly in foster care.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover states that her childhood experiences led to her being bullied.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover states that her childhood experiences made her a very shy and quiet child.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover changed homes many times.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover changed schools many times.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was released from foster care at age 15.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover got her own apartment at age 15.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover started her modelling career at age 9.
At some point in time, a photographer noticed Louise Helena Glover on a shopping trip with her mother.
At some point in time, the photographer compared Louise Helena Glover to a young version of Lorraine Chase from the British TV show Emmerdale.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover found that she enjoyed being photographed.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover planned to become a professional model from the age of 12.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover began entering modelling contests at the age of 14.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover began entering beauty pageants to get noticed as a model.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was a regional finalist for the beauty title Miss Great Britain at the age of 17.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover traveled to London to be a national finalist at the age of 18.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was studying Holistic Therapy at St Helens College at age 18.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover traveled to Belize at age 17 in 2000.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover participated in a Raleigh International project in Belize.
At some point in time, the ten weeks in Belize had a great impact on Louise Helena Glover's motivation.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover stated that the experience in Belize was the best thing she could have ever done at that point in her life.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover represented Great Britain in the Miss Earth contest in the Philippines at age 19.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover's modelling offers increased tenfold after the Miss Earth contest.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover began getting paid modelling work in 2002.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover became known as a glamour model.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover appeared topless in British lad mags, including FHM, Bizarre, Maxim, and Loaded.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was featured in TV shows and documentaries including Dream Team, National IQ Test, and Blaggers.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has appeared as a clothing model for Ed Hardy clothing.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has appeared as a clothing model for Sex Symbol denim wear.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has appeared as a clothing model for Austin Reed ladies wear.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has appeared on front covers, photo shoots, and interviews for magazines in South America, USA, Canada, Spain, Sweden, Germany, Russia, South Africa, and Australia.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover continued to support Raleigh International after her modelling success.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover raised funds for Raleigh International.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover traveled to Malaysia in 2004 to help build a footbridge.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover traveled to Malaysia in 2004 to teach English to residents of a remote village.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover climbed Mount Kinabalu, the highest mountain in Malaysia, to help Raleigh International raise funds.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was sentenced to 240 hours of community service by St Helens magistrates in August 2005.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover admitted to claiming £14,831 in welfare benefits between August 2002 and November 2004.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover claimed welfare benefits while posing for newspapers and magazines.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover stated that she did not know the small and irregular earnings would make a difference to her benefits.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover stated that she had been sometimes too depressed to leave her flat.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was assaulted twice by a group of girls while performing community service in 2006.
At some point in time, one attack left Louise Helena Glover with a broken nose.
At some point in time, the assault cost Louise Helena Glover a month of modelling work.
At some point in time, the assault contributed to Louise Helena Glover's depression.
At some point in time, the assault contributed to Louise Helena Glover taking kickboxing classes to learn to defend herself.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover states that appearing in Playboy magazine was an important goal for her.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has had the goal of appearing in Playboy magazine ever since becoming a glamour model.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover met publisher Hugh Hefner during a photo shoot in Los Angeles when she was 21.
At some point in time, Hugh Hefner offered Louise Helena Glover a test shoot.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover visited the Playboy Mansion.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover appeared on the cover of Playboy Vixens magazine in January 2006.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was featured in the "Top 100 Sexiest Playboy Models" 2006 pictorial special edition.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover won Playboy Special Editions Model of the Year 2006.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was the first British winner of Playboy Special Editions Model of the Year.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was portrayed on the cover and inside a special edition of Playboy Lingerie to celebrate her success.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover calls the Playboy Lingerie cover possibly her favourite magazine cover.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover became the UK's Penthouse "Pet of the Month" for March 2007.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover posed for a celebrity cover and 10-page feature for Penthouse.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has appeared in the American edition of Playboy magazine for September 2007.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has appeared on the cover of Playboy France.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover continued to participate in beauty pageants.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover won Miss Hawaiian Tropic UK 2007 after three tries.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover competed in the international finals of Miss Hawaiian Tropic in Las Vegas, Nevada.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has attempted to expand her career into other areas as a fallback if she cannot make it as a model.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has maintained a website as a professional photographer since 2004.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover co-launched an adult lingerie online store called Female Bliss in 2006.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover signed a contract with a Swedish record label as an aspiring singer.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover appeared in her first music video acting role for Scouting for Girls' single "She's So Lovely" in 2007.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was interested in expanding from glamour modeling into fitness modeling in 2007.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was in talks with WWE to become a professional wrestler in 2007.
At some point in time, the talks with WWE were put on hold due to Louise Helena Glover's lack of US citizenship.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover lives in London as of 2007.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has loved to travel since her early days working for the charity Raleigh International in Malaysia and Belize.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover spends so much time in the United States that she says she should have been born in America.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover's favourite sports pastime is scuba diving.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover's favourite diving location is the Red Sea.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover passed her open water certification in Malta.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover passed an advanced scuba diving course in Borneo.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has another conviction for assaulting a police constable in 2001.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover has a caution for assault occasioning actual bodily harm in 2005.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover was found guilty of physically attacking DJ Maxine Hardcastle in December 2009.
At some point in time, Louise Helena Glover attacked DJ Maxine Hardcastle in the Oceana Club in Brighton.
At some point in time, the judge accused Louise Helena Glover of showing a complete absence of any sign of remorse.
At some point in time, the judge accused Louise Helena Glover of having perpetrated a vicious and unprovoked attack.
At some point in time, the judge sentenced Louise Helena Glover to a 30-week suspended prison term for two years.
At some point in time, the judge sentenced Louise Helena Glover to community service.