At some point in time, "Bart the General" is the fifth episode of The Simpsons' first season.
At some point in time, "Bart the General" originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 4, 1990.
At some point in time, the episode deals with Bart Simpson's troubles with the bully, Nelson Muntz.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson chooses to go to war with Nelson Muntz.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson unites the neighborhood children against Nelson Muntz.
At some point in time, the episode was written by John Swartzwelder.
At some point in time, the episode was directed by David Silverman.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson gets into a fight with Nelson Muntz while defending Lisa Simpson.
At some point in time, Lisa Simpson baked cupcakes for Miss Hoover's birthday party.
At some point in time, Nelson Muntz beats up Bart Simpson after school.
At some point in time, Nelson Muntz warns Bart Simpson to expect the same treatment the following day.
At some point in time, Marge Simpson consoles Bart Simpson at home.
At some point in time, Marge Simpson encourages Bart Simpson to reason with Nelson Muntz.
At some point in time, Homer Simpson urges Bart Simpson to bend the rules and fight dirty.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson takes Homer Simpson's advice.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson fights dirty but is beaten up again.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson turns to Grampa Simpson for help.
At some point in time, Grampa Simpson introduces Bart Simpson to Herman.
At some point in time, Herman is the crazed one-armed proprietor of an army surplus store.
At some point in time, Herman instructs Bart Simpson on military tactics.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson declares war on Nelson Muntz and his sidekicks.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson enlists Nelson Muntz's other victims in his army.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson trains his army for combat.
At some point in time, Herman commands from Bart Simpson's treehouse.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson leads his forces into battle.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson and his army ambush Nelson Muntz and his sidekicks.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson and his army commence saturation bombing with water balloons.
At some point in time, Nelson Muntz's thugs surrender.
At some point in time, Nelson Muntz is taken prisoner.
At some point in time, Nelson Muntz threatens to beat up Bart Simpson as soon as he is untied.
At some point in time, Herman drafts the armistice treaty.
At some point in time, the armistice treaty states that Nelson Muntz will retain his position and name.
At some point in time, the armistice treaty states that Nelson Muntz will not hold any actual power.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson and Nelson Muntz sign the treaty.
At some point in time, Marge Simpson enters with cupcakes.
At some point in time, peace prevails after Marge Simpson enters with cupcakes.
At some point in time, this episode was running too long to use the normal opening sequence.
At some point in time, this episode did not feature a chalkboard gag.
At some point in time, this episode did not feature a couch gag.
At some point in time, the episode cut to an image of the Simpson house.
At some point in time, David Silverman was the director of this episode.
At some point in time, David Silverman was somewhat stressed while directing this episode.
At some point in time, David Silverman was doing storyboards for this episode while also directing "Bart the Genius."
At some point in time, David Silverman originally planned to use the song "War" by Edwin Starr in the episode.
At some point in time, the plans to use the song "War" by Edwin Starr were dropped.
At some point in time, the song "War" by Edwin Starr did not fit the story.
At some point in time, the episode had problems with the censors.
At some point in time, the censors did not want the characters to say "family jewels" on prime time television.
At some point in time, the producers ignored the notes from the censors.
At some point in time, the phrase "family jewels" remained in the episode.
At some point in time, Grampa Simpson writes a letter complaining about how sexualized television has become.
At some point in time, Grampa Simpson gives a list of words he never wants to hear on TV again.
At some point in time, one of the words Grampa Simpson never wants to hear on TV again is "family jewels."
At some point in time, two new characters were introduced in this episode.
At some point in time, the first new character is Nelson Muntz.
At some point in time, Nelson Muntz remains a frequently used recurring character.
At some point in time, the second new character is Herman.
At some point in time, Herman has been used far less than Nelson Muntz.
At some point in time, the design of Herman was inspired by writer John Swartzwelder.
At some point in time, the design of Herman, with the exception of his missing arm, was inspired by writer John Swartzwelder.
At some point in time, Herman's voice, as performed by Harry Shearer, was partly inspired by George H. W. Bush.
At some point in time, the original idea for Herman was for him to have a differing story for the loss of his arm with every appearance.
At some point in time, the episode featured several references to war films.
At some point in time, several lines of dialogue were lifted directly from the film Patton from 1970.
At some point in time, the music in the episode was lifted directly from the film Patton from 1970.
At some point in time, Fox owned the rights to the film Patton.
At some point in time, it was no problem for the episode to use the soundtrack from the film Patton.
At some point in time, the marching sequence is a nod to Stanley Kubrick's Full Metal Jacket from 1987.
At some point in time, The Longest Day from 1962 is referenced in the episode.
At some point in time, the silhouettes of the children climbing the jungle gym against the setting sun are a reference to Stanley Kubrick's 1987 film Full Metal Jacket.
At some point in time, the episode parodies the famous sailor kissing a girl in Times Square photograph taken on V-J Day.
At some point in time, a random boy in a sailor suit kisses Lisa Simpson in the episode.
At some point in time, Lisa Simpson slaps the random boy in the sailor suit.
At some point in time, Bart Simpson concludes the episode by stating that the only "good wars" are the American Revolution, World War II, and the Star Wars trilogy.
At some point in time, in its original American broadcast, "Bart the General" finished 31st place in the weekly ratings for the week of January 29 - February 4, 1990.
At some point in time, "Bart the General" had a Nielsen rating of 14.3.
At some point in time, "Bart the General" was the highest rated show on the Fox Network that week.
At some point in time, since airing, "Bart the General" has received mostly positive reviews from television critics.
At some point in time, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood authored the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide.
At some point in time, Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood said that "some good lines and setpieces aside - we love Bart's fantasy of death at Nelson's hands - this episode nevertheless feels a bit unsure of itself, particularly towards the end."
At some point in time, David B. Grelck gave the episode a rating of 3/5 in a DVD review of the first season.
At some point in time, David B. Grelck added that the episode "helped to propel Bart's popularity into the stratosphere."
At some point in time, Colin Jacobson at DVD Movie Guide said in a review that the episode "remains a primitive example of The Simpsons."
At some point in time, Colin Jacobson said that the episode is "a reasonably amusing and entertaining experience."
At some point in time, Colin Jacobson added that the episode "lacks the subtlety and cleverness found on later episodes, but it was onto something."
At some point in time, Matt Groening notes on the commentary track that he finds it strange how controversial this episode seemed at the time of its release.
At some point in time, Matt Groening believes that today, they would go a lot further.
At some point in time, Matt Groening believes that this episode now seems harmless.
At some point in time, the episode's reference to Full Metal Jacket was named the eleventh greatest film reference in the history of The Simpsons by Nathan Ditum of Total Film.
At some point in time, "Bart the General" and Seinfeld's "The Tape" were used in a Dartmouth College experiment.
At some point in time, the Dartmouth College experiment studied brain activity in relation to humorous moments in television shows.
At some point in time, the results of the Dartmouth College experiment were published in a 2004 issue of the academic journal Neurolmage.
At some point in time, the researchers noted that during moments of humor detection, significant brain activation was noted in the left posterior middle temporal gyrus.
At some point in time, the researchers noted that during moments of humor detection, significant brain activation was noted in the left inferior frontal gyrus.
At some point in time, the episode was released first on home video in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, the episode was part of a VHS release titled The Simpsons Collection.
At some point in time, the episode was paired with season one episode "There's No Disgrace Like Home."
At some point in time, the episode was released in the US on the VHS release The Best of The Simpsons, Vol. 2 in 1997.
At some point in time, the episode was paired with "Moaning Lisa" in the US release.
At some point in time, the episode was later re-released in the US in a collector's edition boxed set of the first three volumes of The Best of The Simpsons collections.
At some point in time, the episode was re-released in the UK as part of a VHS boxed set of the complete first season.
At some point in time, the VHS boxed set of the complete first season was released in November 1999.
At some point in time, the episode's debut on the DVD format was as part of The Simpsons season one DVD set.
At some point in time, The Simpsons season one DVD set was released on September 25, 2001.
At some point in time, Groening, Brooks, and Silverman participated in the DVD's audio commentary.
At some point in time, a digital edition of the series' first season was published on December 20, 2010 in the United States.
At some point in time, the digital edition of the series' first season contained the episode.
At some point in time, the digital edition of the series' first season was published through Amazon Video and iTunes.