At some point in time, Richard Powell was an American jazz pianist, composer, and arranger.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was born on September 5, 1931.
At some point in time, Richard Powell died on June 26, 1956.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was not assisted in his musical development by Bud Powell.
At some point in time, Richard Powell and Bud Powell played predominantly in the bebop style.
At some point in time, Richard Powell played in the bands of Paul Williams from 1951 to 1952.
At some point in time, Richard Powell played in the bands of Johnny Hodges from 1952 to 1954.
At some point in time, Richard Powell switched to being pianist and arranger for the quintet co-led by trumpeter Clifford Brown and drummer Max Roach in the spring of 1954.
At some point in time, the quintet co-led by Clifford Brown and Max Roach toured extensively across the U.S. for two years.
At some point in time, the quintet co-led by Clifford Brown and Max Roach released both studio and concert recordings.
At some point in time, the album "Clifford Brown & Max Roach" was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame.
At some point in time, Richard Powell, his wife Nancy, and Clifford Brown were killed in a car crash.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was traveling overnight from Philadelphia to Chicago at the time of the car crash.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was beginning to achieve recognition at the time of his death.
Richard Powell never had the chance to record as a leader.
At some point in time, Richard Powell had a playful piano style.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was fond of using musical quotations.
At some point in time, Richard Powell's relatively heavy touch influenced fellow pianist McCoy Tyner.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was the youngest of three sons.
At some point in time, William Powell, Jr. was seven years older than Richard Powell.
At some point in time, Bud Powell was seven years older than Richard Powell.
At some point in time, William Powell, Sr. was a stride pianist.
At some point in time, William Powell, Jr. led bands as a trumpeter and violinist.
At some point in time, Bud Powell became one of the leaders of bebop.
At some point in time, Max Roach lived nearby Richard Powell's home.
At some point in time, Max Roach suggested that Richard Powell play the piano instead of taking drum lessons.
At some point in time, Bob Bunyan taught Richard Powell chords on the piano.
At some point in time, Richard Powell studied music with Mary Lou Williams.
At some point in time, Richard Powell attended the City College of New York.
At some point in time, Richard Powell worked around Philadelphia and New York City from 1949 to 1951.
At some point in time, Richard Powell recorded four tracks with Paul Williams' band late in 1952.
At some point in time, Richard Powell recorded a medley track for a 1954 Johnny Hodges album titled "Used to Be Duke."
At some point in time, Richard Powell was with Johnny Hodges' band in Los Angeles in the spring of 1954.
At some point in time, Max Roach needed a new pianist for the quintet he co-led with Clifford Brown.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was offered and accepted the job as pianist for the quintet.
At some point in time, Richard Powell became the arranger for the quintet co-led by Clifford Brown and Max Roach.
At some point in time, the quintet performed and rehearsed a lot.
At some point in time, the quintet had several recording sessions in August 1954 for EmArcy Records.
At some point in time, the quintet's first album was titled "Brown and Roach Incorporated."
At some point in time, Richard Powell was involved as pianist for some tracks at a session arranged for singer Dinah Washington in August 1954.
At some point in time, the quintet played for a fortnight at the Black Hawk in San Francisco in September 1954.
At some point in time, the quintet began a tour of the eastern United States in October 1954.
At some point in time, Harold Land reported that Richard Powell was busy with the ladies while touring.
At some point in time, Richard Powell had harems in almost every city while touring.
At some point in time, further recording sessions for Richard Powell with Brown and Roach took place in New York during January and February 1955.
At some point in time, the tracks cut in January 1955 were released as "Clifford Brown with Strings."
At some point in time, the February 1955 sessions yielded the album "Study in Brown."
At some point in time, the album "Clifford Brown & Max Roach" was added to the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1999.
At some point in time, Richard Powell played with Max Roach and others as backing for Dinah Washington at the Newport Jazz Festival in July 1955.
At some point in time, recordings made of the Brown-Roach quintet at the Newport Jazz Festival were released decades later.
At some point in time, the quintet with Sonny Rollins recorded their last official album early in 1956.
At some point in time, the album "Clifford Brown and Max Roach at Basin Street" contained playing at faster tempos than earlier album releases.
At some point in time, several tunes on the album "Clifford Brown and Max Roach at Basin Street" were composed by Richard Powell.
At some point in time, Richard Powell played celeste in addition to his usual piano on the tune "Time."
At some point in time, Richard Powell named the tune "Gertrude's Bounce" following his admiration for artist Gertrude Abercrombie.
At some point in time, Richard Powell's tune "Powell's Prances" was a modal composition.
At some point in time, Richard Powell's modal composition "Powell's Prances" featured improvisation on the scale rather than on the usual chord changes.
At some point in time, the band continued touring in 1956, including to Toronto.
At some point in time, Richard Powell and Sonny Rollins were involved in a crash that destroyed Richard Powell's car in late February or early March 1956.
At some point in time, Richard Powell and Sonny Rollins were not seriously injured in the crash.
At some point in time, the quintet recorded under the leadership of Sonny Rollins in March 1956.
At some point in time, the recording under Sonny Rollins was released as "Sonny Rollins Plus 4."
At some point in time, the quintet had live national CBS Radio broadcasts from the Basin Street club in April and May 1956.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was beginning to achieve some recognition in his own right after two years of exposure with the Brown-Roach ensemble.
At some point in time, Richard Powell and Nancy Powell were traveling overnight by car from Philadelphia to Chicago on June 26, 1956.
At some point in time, Nancy Powell lost control of the vehicle on the Pennsylvania Turnpike outside Bedford.
At some point in time, the vehicle crashed off the road and rolled down an embankment.
At some point in time, Richard Powell, Nancy Powell, and Clifford Brown were killed instantly in the crash.
At some point in time, Nancy Powell was 19 years old at the time of her death.
At some point in time, Clifford Brown was 25 years old at the time of his death.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was 24 years old at the time of his death.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was known as a bebop player.
At some point in time, Richard Powell played swing and R&B in addition to bebop.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was fond of inserting musical quotes in his playing with Brown and Roach.
At some point in time, Richard Powell recorded a trio version of "I'll String Along with You" in a 1954 session.
At some point in time, Richard Powell used heavily chorded patterns with intriguing flourishes in his trio version of "I'll String Along with You."
At some point in time, Richard Powell had an extended introductory section to a 1954 Hodges recording of "Autumn in New York."
At some point in time, critic Marc Myers described Richard Powell's playing on "Autumn in New York" as regal, bouncy, and appropriately lush.
At some point in time, Richard Powell's playing on "Autumn in New York" had shades of Erroll Garner, Al Haig, and Bud Powell.
At some point in time, Richard Powell was becoming an extraordinary talent at the time of his playing on "Autumn in New York."
At some point in time, McCoy Tyner was influenced by the relatively heavy keyboard touch of the Powell brothers.
At some point in time, McCoy Tyner was influenced by the liking of percussive piano sounds of the Powell brothers.
At some point in time, McCoy Tyner got some of his inspiration for chord voicings from hearing Richard Powell's use of left-hand fourths.
At some point in time, Tyner's voicings became the norm for young jazz pianists.
Richard Powell did not make any recordings as a leader.
At some point in time, bootlegs and other unofficial recordings are not included in Richard Powell's discography.