At some point in time, The Ash Garden is a novel written by Canadian author Dennis Bock.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was published in 2001.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden is Dennis Bock's first novel.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock published a collection of short stories called Olympia in 1998.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden follows the stories of three main characters affected by World War Two.
At some point in time, The three main characters in The Ash Garden are Hiroshima bombing victim Emiko, German nuclear physicist Anton Böll, and Austrian-Jewish refugee Sophie Böll.
At some point in time, The narrative of The Ash Garden is non-linear.
At some point in time, The narrative of The Ash Garden jumps between different times and places.
At some point in time, The point of view in The Ash Garden alternates between the characters.
At some point in time, Emiko's story in The Ash Garden is written in the first person.
At some point in time, Anton Böll's story in The Ash Garden is written in the third person.
At some point in time, Sophie Böll's story in The Ash Garden is written in the third person.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock took several years to write The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock rewrote several drafts of The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was published in August 2001.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was published by HarperCollins in Canada.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was published by Alfred A. Knopf in the USA.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was published by Bloomsbury in the UK.
At some point in time, Critics gave The Ash Garden mostly positive reviews.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden became a best-seller in Canada.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was nominated for the International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was nominated for the Books in Canada First Novel Award.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was nominated for the Kiriyama Prize.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden has been analyzed in several literature journals.
At some point in time, Canadian Ethnic Studies noted the similarities between the character Emiko and the Hiroshima Maidens.
At some point in time, At the time of publication, Dennis Bock was 36 years old.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock was living in Toronto at the time of publication.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock had previously published a book of short stories called Olympia.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock struggled with the project that would become The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, Doubleday Canada originally owned the rights to The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock withdrew The Ash Garden from Doubleday.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock cited a difference of opinion between himself and the editor as the reason for withdrawal.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock wrote two drafts of The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, One draft of The Ash Garden had the main character as an art historian involved in art theft and looting during World War II.
At some point in time, The working title of the draft was A Man of Principle.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock gave the draft to editor Phyllis Bruce in 1999.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock sold the draft to Knopf for US $250,000.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock rewrote most of The Ash Garden with the help of Phyllis Bruce.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock rewrote most of The Ash Garden with the help of Gary Fisketjon.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock rewrote most of The Ash Garden with the help of Liz Calder.
At some point in time, Liz Calder published The Ash Garden in the UK.
At some point in time, The narrative of The Ash Garden alternates between three characters.
At some point in time, The narrative of The Ash Garden takes place around the fiftieth anniversary of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima.
At some point in time, The back story of each character in The Ash Garden is told.
At some point in time, Emiko was a small girl living in Hiroshima during World War II.
At some point in time, Emiko lived in Hiroshima with her parents, younger brother, and grandfather during World War II.
At some point in time, Emiko's parents died following the atomic bombing.
At some point in time, Emiko and her brother recovered in a hospital after the atomic bombing.
At some point in time, Emiko's grandfather cared for patients in the hospital.
At some point in time, Emiko's brother died following the atomic bombing.
At some point in time, Emiko traveled to the United States as part of a group of girls receiving reconstructive surgery.
At some point in time, The American media took an interest in the girls traveling to the United States.
At some point in time, Emiko appeared on an episode of This Is Your Life.
At some point in time, Emiko thanked the American audience for bringing her to the United States.
At some point in time, Emiko later became a documentary filmmaker.
At some point in time, In 1995, Emiko approached Anton Böll to be part of a new project.
At some point in time, Anton Böll was a scientist in Nazi Germany.
At some point in time, Anton Böll was recruited by the United States.
At some point in time, Anton Böll fled via France, Spain, and Portugal.
At some point in time, Anton Böll became a part of the Manhattan Project.
At some point in time, Anton Böll witnessed the tests of the atomic bombs.
At some point in time, Anton Böll traveled to Hiroshima recording the aftermath of the atomic bombing.
At some point in time, Anton Böll regrets the consequences of the atomic bombs.
At some point in time, Anton Böll attended the Pugwash Conference.
At some point in time, Anton Böll maintains his belief that the atomic bombs were necessary to end the war.
At some point in time, Anton Böll believes the atomic bombs prevented more deaths.
At some point in time, Anton Böll married Sophie Böll.
At some point in time, Anton Böll became a professor at Columbia University in New York.
At some point in time, Anton Böll retired to a small town outside of Toronto with Sophie Böll.
At some point in time, Sophie Böll's Jewish parents sent her away from Austria as World War II was beginning.
At some point in time, Sophie Böll was on board the MS St. Louis when it was turned away from Cuba.
At some point in time, The MS St. Louis was sent to the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, Sophie Böll was living in a refugee camp in Canada when she met Anton Böll.
At some point in time, Sophie Böll was diagnosed with lupus.
At some point in time, Sophie Böll took up gardening.
At some point in time, Sophie Böll planned elaborate landscapes every year.
At some point in time, In 1995, Sophie Böll refused further medical treatments.
At some point in time, Sophie Böll succumbed to lupus with Anton Böll by her side.
At some point in time, After Sophie Böll's funeral, Anton Böll revealed to Emiko the extent of his involvement in Emiko's life.
At some point in time, Anton Böll first met Emiko while volunteering at the hospital where Emiko's grandfather was working.
At some point in time, Anton Böll ensured that Emiko was on the list of girls to get reconstructive surgery.
At some point in time, Anton Böll secretly filmed Emiko at memorial events.
At some point in time, Anton Böll had been waiting for Emiko to find him.
At some point in time, The portions of The Ash Garden that follow the character Emiko Amai are written as a first-person narrative.
At some point in time, The portions of The Ash Garden that follow Sophie Böll and Anton Böll use the third person.
At some point in time, The tone of The Ash Garden was described as disturbingly calm.
At some point in time, The central theme of The Ash Garden is identity.
At some point in time, The central theme of The Ash Garden is attempts to find solace.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock states that all three of the main characters in The Ash Garden are refugees.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock states that the main characters in The Ash Garden do not belong anywhere.
At some point in time, Dennis Bock states that each main character in The Ash Garden has a desperate search for home.
At some point in time, Pico Iyer compares The Ash Garden with Michael Ondaatje's The English Patient.
At some point in time, Pico Iyer describes The English Patient as a book that ends where The Ash Garden begins.
At some point in time, An essay in Canadian Ethnic Studies looked at The Ash Garden from a Japanese historical perspective.
At some point in time, The essay in Canadian Ethnic Studies found strong similarities between the real-life Hiroshima Maiden Shigeko and the character Emiko.
At some point in time, The essay in Canadian Ethnic Studies noted that The Ash Garden was not a roman à clef.
At some point in time, The book The Ash Garden was released as a hardcover on August 25, 2001.
At some point in time, The book The Ash Garden was published by HarperCollins in Canada.
At some point in time, The book The Ash Garden was published by Alfred A. Knopf in the United States.
At some point in time, The book The Ash Garden was published by Bloomsbury in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, Knopf ordered an initial print run of 60,000 copies of The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden debuted at the #2 spot on the Maclean's fiction bestseller list.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden peaked at #1 on the Maclean's fiction bestseller list in late September and early October.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was translated and published in multiple languages.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was translated and published in Japanese.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was translated and published in German.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was a finalist for the 2001 Books in Canada First Novel Award.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was a finalist for the Kiriyama Prize.
At some point in time, The Kiriyama Prize is an international literary award for promoting greater understanding of the Pacific Rim and South Asia.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was nominated by the Vancouver Public Library for the 2003 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
At some point in time, The Ash Garden was nominated by the Bergen Public Library for the 2003 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award.
At some point in time, Brian T. Bennett wrote in Time that The Ash Garden may not be a page-turner.
At some point in time, Brian T. Bennett wrote in Time that Dennis Bock's prose lures the reader along through smooth, sculpted sentences.
At some point in time, Brian T. Bennett wrote in Time that The Ash Garden is full of rich detail and subtle meditation.
At some point in time, Brian Bethune wrote in Maclean's magazine that The Ash Garden is intellectually engaging.
At some point in time, Brian Bethune wrote in Maclean's magazine that The Ash Garden is beautifully written.
At some point in time, Brian Bethune wrote in Maclean's magazine that The Ash Garden is powered by three memorable characters.
At some point in time, Brian Bethune wrote in Maclean's magazine that The Ash Garden will seduce anyone who reads it.
At some point in time, Ron Charles wrote in the Christian Science Monitor that Bock moves back and forth through time in The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, Ron Charles wrote in the Christian Science Monitor that Bock describes a series of exquisite scenes in The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, Ron Charles wrote in the Christian Science Monitor that Bock always keeps his vision tightly focused in The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, Ron Charles wrote in the Christian Science Monitor that The Ash Garden is compelling and disturbing due to its emotional restraint.
At some point in time, A review in Quill & Quire said that Bock's writing is both dense and immensely readable.
At some point in time, A review in Library Journal highly recommended The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, A reviewer in Books in Canada highlighted that on occasions, the prose of The Ash Garden turns mannered.
At some point in time, A reviewer in Books in Canada noted that clichés pop up in The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, W. P. Kinsella called The Ash Garden a brilliant novel.
At some point in time, W. P. Kinsella called The Ash Garden a spellbinding adventure in reading.
At some point in time, A Japanese review in the Yomiuri Shimbun noted something inaccessible about all three characters in The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, The Japanese review in the Yomiuri Shimbun stated that the three characters in The Ash Garden are as remote to each other as they are to the reader.
At some point in time, The Japanese review in the Yomiuri Shimbun stated that the three characters in The Ash Garden are never truly empathetic.
At some point in time, The review in The New York Times by literary critic Michiko Kakutani called The Ash Garden an elegant, unnerving novel.
At some point in time, Michiko Kakutani stated that Dennis Bock tries too hard to underscore the links between characters' experiences in The Ash Garden.
At some point in time, The review in The Sunday Telegraph found The Ash Garden is badly let down by its form.
At some point