At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was born on 6 August 1942 in the town of Jawi Folu, Eastern Province, Sierra Leone.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was the son of a farmer and chief of the village.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh moved to Freetown, the capital of Sierra Leone, after his mother died while he was in his teens.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh studied chemistry and biology at Fourah Bay College.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh began teaching after receiving his BSc.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh began studying medicine in Nigeria at the University of Ibadan in 1968.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh graduated from the University of Ibadan in 1974.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh spent the next four years employed by the Ibadan Teaching Hospital.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh returned home to Sierra Leone in 1979.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh married Sarah.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh raised a family with his wife Sarah.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh produced several sons and daughters.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was a Sierra Leonean physician.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was an expert on the clinical treatment of Lassa fever.
Lassa fever is a viral haemorrhagic fever endemic to West Africa.
Lassa fever is caused by the Lassa virus.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh studied medicine at the University of Ibadan in Nigeria.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh taught at Ibadan Teaching Hospital.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh joined the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) Lassa fever program at Nixon Methodist Hospital in Segbwema.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh first served as superintendent at Nixon Methodist Hospital.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh later served as clinical director at Nixon Methodist Hospital.
At some point in time, the CDC closed their program in Segbwema after the Sierra Leone Civil War began in 1991.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh and his medical team moved from Segbwema to the Kenema Government Hospital (KGH).
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh spent the next two decades running the only dedicated Lassa fever ward in the world.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh collaborated with the British charity Merlin to promote public health in Sierra Leone.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's campaigns were intended to prevent Lassa fever.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh successfully reduced mortality rates.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh saved many lives until an accidental needlestick injury led to his own death from Lassa fever in 2004.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh received renewed public attention in 2009 as the hero of Ross I. Donaldson's memoir, The Lassa Ward.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was born in the town of Jawi Folu.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was born in Eastern Province, Sierra Leone.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's mother died while he was in his teens.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh studied medicine at the University of Ibadan.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh graduated in 1974.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh spent four years employed by the Ibadan Teaching Hospital.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh returned to Sierra Leone in 1979.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh raised a family with Sarah.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh worked with patients suffering from Lassa fever.
Lassa fever was first brought to the attention of the public in 1969 during an outbreak in Nigeria.
Lassa fever was identified in 1972.
Lassa fever is known to spread through its host, the Natal multimammate mouse (Mastomys natalensis).
At some point in time, Lassa fever infects an estimated 300,000 people annually in Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea.
At some point in time, Lassa fever results in 5,000 deaths annually in Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea.
At some point in time, a nosocomial outbreak in the Panguma Catholic Hospital attracted attention in the United States in 1976.
At some point in time, the CDC established research programs in Segbwema, Kenema, and Panguma to study Lassa fever.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh began working with the CDC at Nixon Methodist Hospital in Segbwema in 1979.
At some point in time, Joseph B. McCormick was the team leader at Nixon Methodist Hospital.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh became Medical Superintendent of Nixon Methodist Hospital in 1980.
At some point in time, the Sierra Leone Civil War broke out in 1991.
At some point in time, the CDC closed their program and moved to Guinea due to the civil war.
At some point in time, the hospital was destroyed in the conflict.
At some point in time, the spread of Lassa fever grew worse during the civil war.
At some point in time, the Natal multimammate mouse infested abandoned houses during the civil war.
At some point in time, the infestation of Natal multimammate mice increased the likelihood of Lassa fever infection.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh found himself in the middle of a war zone.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was starving and homeless during the civil war.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh wandered about for several months.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh began treating the sick in Kenema during the fighting.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh had friends overseas.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh could have procured a job outside Sierra Leone.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh chose to stay and help his people.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh believed that his people had no one to help them.
At some point in time, most experts familiar with Lassa fever left Sierra Leone due to the war.
At some point in time, patients suspected of having Lassa fever began to be brought to Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh for treatment.
At some point in time, the Lassa team moved from Segbwema to the Kenema Government Hospital (KGH).
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh became director of the only Lassa fever isolation ward in the world at KGH.
At some point in time, rebels from the Revolutionary United Front took over the town of Kenema in 1997 and 1999.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh never left his post during the rebel takeover.
At some point in time, it is thought that the rebels spared the hospital from destruction.
At some point in time, the rebels were afraid of catching Lassa fever.
At some point in time, the civil war ended in 2002.
At some point in time, the government of Sierra Leone began the process of rebuilding the country after the civil war.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was the only clinician in Sierra Leone with the skills and qualifications to manage patients with Lassa fever during the civil war.
At some point in time, the Lassa ward was supported by Merlin in the absence of the CDC.
At some point in time, Nicholas Mellor is the co-founder of Merlin.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh worked with Merlin to get a new laboratory built.
At some point in time, the new laboratory would enable collaboration with international research centers interested in haemorrhagic diseases.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh worked on training and Lassa fever awareness campaigns.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's Lassa fever program provided the blueprint for many experts.
At some point in time, Daniel Bausch began working with Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh and the CDC on research related to Lassa fever in 1996.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh coauthored a study published in the Journal of Clinical Microbiology in 2000.
At some point in time, the study compared the efficacy and outcome of diagnosing Lassa fever patients with the indirect fluorescent-antibody (IFA) test and the enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay (ELISA).
At some point in time, the study focused specifically on the development of a diagnostic test for Lassa fever.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh traveled to London, England in 2001 to attend an international conference on Lassa fever.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh presented a paper on managing Lassa fever at the conference.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh returned to London in September 2003.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh received the "Spirit of Merlin" award in September 2003.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh received the award for his outstanding role in saving lives and alleviating suffering.
At some point in time, the Lassa ward was short-staffed.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh often drew blood from patients himself.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was infected with the Lassa virus on 17 March 2004.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh received a needlestick injury while drawing blood from a young pregnant nurse suffering from Lassa fever.
At some point in time, the young pregnant nurse died the next day.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh became ill on 23 March 2004.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was treated with intravenous ribavirin.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh initially survived the critical stage of Lassa fever.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh died on 4 April 2004 from renal failure.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh died 18 days after first becoming infected with the Lassa virus.
At some point in time, Sulaiman Momodu described the outpouring of grief in the wake of Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
At some point in time, news of Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death spread in Kenema and its environs like a bush fire in the harmattan.
At some point in time, most people were devastated to learn that the only Lassa fever specialist in Sierra Leone was gone.
At some point in time, nurses cried after Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
At some point in time, patients wept after Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
At some point in time, Kenema was thrown into a state of shock and mourning after Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's funeral was held in the town of Daru.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's work in the Lassa ward spanned 25 years.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's work saved thousands of lives.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh played a key role in helping Merlin implement a program to support the Lassa ward.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh helped implement fever control measures in Sierra Leone.
At some point in time, deaths due to cases of suspected Lassa fever declined by 20% because of Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's skill and dedication.
At some point in time, after Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death, Merlin and the peacekeepers in the United Nations Mission in Sierra Leone (UNAMSIL) left Sierra Leone.
At some point in time, the Lassa ward in Kenema was barely functioning after Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh's death.
At some point in time, in 2004, Tulane University began monitoring Lassa fever patients in Sierra Leone, Liberia, and Guinea.
At some point in time, Tulane University began monitoring Lassa fever patients through the Mano River Union Lassa Fever Network (MRU-LFN).
At some point in time, the Lassa Fever Program is fully operational at Kenema Government Hospital today.
At some point in time, the Lassa Fever Program focuses on treatment, containment, prevention, and research.
At some point in time, Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh was the mentor for UCLA medical professor Ross I. Donaldson in the summer of 2003.
Aniru Sahib Sahib Conteh is the hero of Ross I. Donaldson's 2009 memoir, The Lassa Ward.