At some point in time, Sweet Tooth is a novel by the English writer Ian McEwan.
At some point in time, Sweet Tooth was published on 21 August 2012.
At some point in time, Sweet Tooth deals with the experiences of its protagonist, Serena Frome, during the early 1970s.
At some point in time, Serena Frome graduated from Cambridge.
At some point in time, Serena Frome was recruited by MI5.
At some point in time, Serena Frome became involved in a covert program to combat communism by infiltrating the intellectual world.
At some point in time, Serena Frome became romantically involved with her mark.
At some point in time, complications ensued when Serena Frome became romantically involved with her mark.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan wanted to write a novel dealing with the social turmoil of the 1970s.
At some point in time, Sweet Tooth is based on Ian McEwan's own life to a large extent.
At some point in time, the story explores the relationship between artistic integrity and government propaganda.
At some point in time, the story addresses competing approaches to literature.
At some point in time, the boundary between reality and fiction is tested throughout Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, the novel is dedicated to Ian McEwan's late friend Christopher Hitchens.
At some point in time, Christopher Hitchens is not referred to directly in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Christopher Hitchens played a part as the host of a real-life literary event fictionalized in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, the real-life literary event involved Ian McEwan and Martin Amis.
At some point in time, Martin Amis appears in the story of Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, critical reception of Sweet Tooth was mixed.
At some point in time, some reviewers found Sweet Tooth moving and poignant.
At some point in time, other reviewers saw Sweet Tooth as weaker than much of Ian McEwan's previous work.
At some point in time, the plot of Sweet Tooth is set in early-1970s England.
At some point in time, Serena Frome is the daughter of an Anglican bishop.
At some point in time, Serena Frome shows a talent for mathematics.
At some point in time, Serena Frome was admitted to the University of Cambridge.
At some point in time, Serena Frome struggled academically.
At some point in time, Serena Frome graduated with a third.
At some point in time, while at Cambridge, Serena Frome became romantically involved with Tony Canning.
At some point in time, Tony Canning was a professor.
At some point in time, Tony Canning abruptly ended the affair with Serena Frome.
At some point in time, Tony Canning secured a position for Serena Frome with MI5.
At some point in time, the job with MI5 was low-level.
At some point in time, a more exciting opportunity appeared for Serena Frome when she was offered a chance to take part in a new covert program codenamed "Sweet Tooth."
At some point in time, the agency wanted to offer financial assistance to young writers, academics, and journalists with an anti-Communist bent.
At some point in time, Serena Frome is an avid and quick reader of fiction.
At some point in time, Serena Frome was given the task of vetting burgeoning writer Thomas Haley.
At some point in time, Serena Frome was immediately taken by Thomas Haley's published short fiction.
At some point in time, Serena Frome traveled to the University of Sussex to offer Thomas Haley a stipend from the fictional Freedom International Foundation.
At some point in time, Serena Frome and Thomas Haley began a romantic affair.
At some point in time, things gradually started to unravel in the relationship between Serena Frome and Thomas Haley.
At some point in time, Serena Frome discovered that Tony Canning was in fact a Soviet spy.
At some point in time, Serena Frome was recruited by MI5 because the agency wanted to keep tabs on Tony Canning.
At some point in time, Thomas Haley's first novel was a great critical success.
At some point in time, the dystopian, anti-capitalist theme of Thomas Haley's first novel was not well received by the agency.
At some point in time, the affair between Thomas Haley and Serena Frome was exposed by the press.
At some point in time, the whole Sweet Tooth program was threatened due to the exposure of the affair.
At some point in time, Serena Frome feared that she had lost Thomas Haley's love forever.
At some point in time, Thomas Haley had known about the Sweet Tooth program for months.
At some point in time, Thomas Haley decided to turn the story of his affair with Serena Frome into a novel.
At some point in time, the author of Sweet Tooth is in fact Thomas Haley.
At some point in time, Sweet Tooth is written from Serena Frome's first-person perspective.
At some point in time, at the end of Sweet Tooth, Thomas Haley asks Serena Frome in a letter to marry him.
At some point in time, several reviewers have pointed out that the Thomas Haley character shares many traits and biographical details with Ian McEwan.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan studied at the University of Sussex.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan also studied at the University of East Anglia.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan did not study at one of the more prestigious Oxbridge universities.
At some point in time, Thomas Haley's stories are in several cases strikingly similar to some of Ian McEwan's earlier work.
At some point in time, Thomas Haley's dystopian debut novel closely follows the plot of "Two Fragments," a short story from Ian McEwan's 1978 collection "In Between the Sheets."
At some point in time, the novel wins Thomas Haley the fictional Jane Austen Prize for Fiction.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan's debut "First Love, Last Rites" was rewarded with the Somerset Maugham Award in 1976.
At some point in time, several of Ian McEwan's acquaintances from his period of study make cameo appearances in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan's friend Martin Amis makes a cameo appearance in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan's first publisher Tom Maschler makes a cameo appearance in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan's mentor Ian Hamilton makes a cameo appearance in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan has been open about the autobiographical elements in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan has called Sweet Tooth "a muted and distorted autobiography."
At some point in time, Ian McEwan has called Sweet Tooth "a muted, or transmuted, memoir of myself as a young writer."
At some point in time, there are significant differences between Ian McEwan and the character Thomas Haley.
At some point in time, Thomas Haley is both an academic and a writer of fiction.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan has been a professional author for his entire career.
At some point in time, the intelligence agency plot in Sweet Tooth is completely fictional.
At some point in time, there was never a scheme run by MI5 such as the one described in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan stated that "unfortunately a beautiful woman never came into my room and offered me a stipend."
At some point in time, Sweet Tooth is a love story.
At some point in time, Sweet Tooth is a spy novel.
At some point in time, Sweet Tooth is a book about literature itself.
At some point in time, Serena Frome is a well-read but uncritical lover of literature.
At some point in time, Thomas Haley is a highly accomplished writer and literary scholar.
At some point in time, Serena Frome and Thomas Haley have different attitudes towards literature.
At some point in time, Serena Frome prefers a realist approach to literature.
At some point in time, Serena Frome believes that life in the book should reflect real life.
At some point in time, Thomas Haley enjoys experimentation in his work.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan plays with the differences in attitudes towards literature between Serena Frome and Thomas Haley.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan places himself in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan blurs the line between author and character in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan writes what appears to be a straight first-person narrative in Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan distorts the perception of the narrative at the very end of Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan had long wanted to write a novel about the 1970s.
At some point in time, the 1970s was a formative period in Ian McEwan's life.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan refers to the 1970s as "the time of my life."
At some point in time, the 1970s was a turbulent period for the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, the 1970s included striking miners and an energy crisis.
At some point in time, the 1970s included escalation of the conflict over Northern Ireland.
At some point in time, the 1970s included repeated states of emergency.
At some point in time, the 1970s included several shifts of government.
At some point in time, the 1970s was the period of the Cold War.
At some point in time, Western governments were trying to win the war of ideas against a highly radicalized intelligentsia during the Cold War.
At some point in time, Operation Sweet Tooth is entirely fictional.
At some point in time, the story of Sweet Tooth is inspired by the actual scandal affecting the conservative literary magazine Encounter.
At some point in time, the scandal affecting Encounter was revealed in 1967.
At some point in time, Encounter was revealed to have received covert funding from the CIA.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan uses the back-story of the Encounter scandal to explore the relationship between artist and government.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan explores the need for literature to remain independent.
At some point in time, according to Ian McEwan, the problem was not the anti-Communist crusade itself.
At some point in time, according to Ian McEwan, the problem was the secrecy with which the anti-Communist crusade was conducted.
At some point in time, Ian McEwan stated that "all that's really required is that anything the state does in relation to the arts is laid on the table where we can see it."
At some point in time, Lydia of The Observer enjoyed the "Russian doll" of the novel's multiple layers.
At some point in time, Lydia of The Observer enjoyed the "keen emotional pull" of Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Lydia of The Observer had certain misgivings along the way.
At some point in time, Lydia of The Observer felt that the last few pages of Sweet Tooth answered all her questions.
At some point in time, Lydia of The Observer felt that Sweet Tooth "moved [her] almost to tears."
At some point in time, Lucy Kellaway of the Financial Times was taken by the stories within the story of Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Lucy Kellaway of the Financial Times felt that the stories within the story tended to "suck vivacity from the main narrative."
At some point in time, Lucy Kellaway of the Financial Times saw the stories within the story as a device to illuminate the "different crafts of writing short stories and novels."
At some point in time, Benjamin Errett, writing for the National Post, pointed out how Ian McEwan blended spy fiction and literary criticism.
At some point in time, Benjamin Errett found the combination of spy fiction and literary criticism to be both exciting and intellectually stimulating.
At some point in time, Benjamin Errett concluded that "this novel is juicy enough to satisfy them both" in reference to Serena Frome and Thomas Haley's different literary preferences.
At some point in time, other reviewers were less enthusiastic about Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, Catherine Taylor of The Daily Telegraph found the protagonist "a little too credulous."
At some point in time, Catherine Taylor of The Daily Telegraph found Ian McEwan's "wilful narrative sadism" sadly missing from Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, the review in The Economist referred to Sweet Tooth as "not Mr McEwan's finest book."
At some point in time, the reviewer in The Economist concluded that by the end of Sweet Tooth, "it is hard to feel much of anything for these heroes, who are all notions and no depth."
At some point in time, James Lasdun of The Guardian found that there were "momentous political questions" raised in the earlier parts of Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, James Lasdun of The Guardian found that the "momentous political questions" were not fully addressed by the end of Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, stylistically, Serena Frome found herself caught in exactly the kind of narrative she disliked.
At some point in time, James Lasdun asked "to what end?" in reference to the narrative style of Sweet Tooth.
At some point in time, the ending of Sweet Tooth was polarizing.
At some point in time, Lucy Kellaway saw the ending of Sweet Tooth as "a good excuse to go back to the beginning and read this rich and enjoyable novel all over again."
At some point in time, another reviewer confessed that the ending of Sweet Tooth "might be enough to send McEwan acolytes scurrying back through the novel to see how he did it."
At some point in time, another reviewer confessed that the ending of Sweet Tooth "made me want to throw the book out the window."
At some point in time, the statistical journal "Significance" analyzes Ian McEwan's representation of the famous mathematical conundrum: the Monty