At some point in time, the 100th Boat Race took place on 3 April 1954.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is held annually.
At some point in time, the Boat Race takes place along the River Thames.
At some point in time, the race was umpired by former Cambridge rower Kenneth Payne.
At some point in time, Oxford won the race by four-and-a-half lengths.
At some point in time, Oxford completed the race in a time of 20 minutes 23 seconds.
At some point in time, the overall record in the competition is now 54 victories for Cambridge and 45 victories for Oxford.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing competition between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
At some point in time, the University of Oxford is sometimes referred to as the "Dark Blues."
At some point in time, the University of Cambridge is sometimes referred to as the "Light Blues."
At some point in time, the first Boat Race was held in 1829.
At some point in time, the race takes place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course.
At some point in time, the Championship Course is located on the River Thames in southwest London.
At some point in time, the rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge is a major point of honour.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, as of 2014, the Boat Race is broadcast worldwide.
At some point in time, Cambridge went into the 1954 race as reigning champions.
At some point in time, Cambridge won the 1953 race by eight lengths.
At some point in time, Cambridge led overall with 54 victories to Oxford's 44 victories.
At some point in time, the "dead heat" of 1877 is excluded from the overall record.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by N. B. M. Clack.
At some point in time, N. B. M. Clack had rowed in the 1952 race.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by James Crowden.
At some point in time, James Crowden represented Cambridge in the 1951 and 1952 races.
At some point in time, Cambridge was coached by R. H. H. Symonds.
At some point in time, R. H. H. Symonds had rowed in the 1931 race.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included Hugh Edwards.
At some point in time, Hugh Edwards was a Blue in 1926 and 1930.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included W. J. Llewellyn-Jones.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included J. H. Page.
At some point in time, Oxford's coaches included A. D. Rowe.
At some point in time, A. D. Rowe represented Oxford in the 1948 and 1949 races.
At some point in time, the race was umpired for the fourth time by Kenneth Payne.
At some point in time, Kenneth Payne had rowed for Cambridge in the 1932 and 1934 races.
At some point in time, the rowing correspondent for The Times suggested that a Cambridge victory seemed almost certain until three weeks before the race.
At some point in time, practice rows for Cambridge proved disappointing.
At some point in time, the Oxford crew was struck down by influenza in training.
At some point in time, the Oxford crew had to reshuffle their order a month before the race.
At some point in time, the new order for the Oxford crew seemed weak.
At some point in time, the Oxford crew made better progress in training than the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, the Cambridge crew was described as well-drilled.
At some point in time, the Cambridge crew had erratic timekeeping.
At some point in time, the Cambridge crew remained precarious favourites.
At some point in time, the Cambridge crew weighed an average of 12 st 9.5 lb (80.3 kg).
At some point in time, the Cambridge crew weighed 5 pounds (2.3 kg) per rower more than the Oxford crew.
At some point in time, two members of the Oxford crew returned to the boat.
At some point in time, W. R. Marsh was the cox of the Oxford crew.
At some point in time, H. M. C. Quick was the boat club president of the Oxford crew.
At some point in time, H. M. C. Quick was making his third consecutive appearance in the Boat Race.
At some point in time, Cambridge's crew contained a single participant with Boat Race experience.
At some point in time, J. A. N. Wallis was the stroke and boat club president of the Cambridge crew.
At some point in time, the rowing correspondent for The Times stated that the crews have never been more closely matched.
At some point in time, the Oxford crew contained four non-British participants.
At some point in time, all four non-British participants in the Oxford crew were Australian.
At some point in time, the four Australian participants in the Oxford crew were E. V. Vine, J. A. Gobbo, J. G. McLeod, and Edward Pain.
At some point in time, Oxford won the toss before the race.
At some point in time, Oxford elected to start from the Surrey station.
At some point in time, Cambridge was handed the Middlesex side of the river.
At some point in time, umpire Kenneth Payne started the race at 12:45 p.m.
At some point in time, Oxford made a quick start at the beginning of the race.
At some point in time, according to the rowing correspondent of The Times, Oxford literally leaped away at the start of the race.
At some point in time, Oxford seemed to row two strokes almost before Cambridge had begun.
At some point in time, by the end of the first minute, the Dark Blues were a few feet ahead.
At some point in time, the bend in the river favoured Cambridge.
At some point in time, the crews were level by Craven Steps.
At some point in time, Cambridge's stroke M. J. Marshall made a push during the race.
At some point in time, Cambridge could not gain any advantage during the race.
At some point in time, both crews passed the Mile Post level during the race.
At some point in time, Oxford rated slightly lower than Cambridge during the race.
At some point in time, Oxford made the best of the bend in the river at Harrods Furniture Depository.
At some point in time, Oxford led by about a canvas-length by the time they passed below Hammersmith Bridge.
At some point in time, both crews faced a strong headwind as they rowed into Chiswick Reach.
At some point in time, Cambridge struggled in the rough water in the middle of the river.
At some point in time, Oxford's cox W. R. Marsh steered towards the shelter of the Surrey shore.
At some point in time, Oxford gained a length in half a minute.
At some point in time, Oxford extended their lead to almost four lengths by Barnes Bridge.
At some point in time, Oxford's victory in the race was their second victory in eight years.