At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" is the tenth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series The X-Files.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" premiered on the Fox network on December 15, 1996.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" was written by Vince Gilligan.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" was directed by Rob Bowman.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" featured guest appearances by Tom Noonan.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" featured guest appearances by Rebecca Toolan.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" featured guest appearances by Vanessa Morley.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" is a "Monster-of-the-Week" story.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" is unconnected to the series' wider mythology.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" was viewed by 16.59 million people in its initial broadcast.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" received positive reviews.
At some point in time, critics praised Tom Noonan's guest role in "Paper Hearts."
At some point in time, the show centers on FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder is portrayed by David Duchovny.
At some point in time, Dana Scully is portrayed by Gillian Anderson.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully work on cases linked to the paranormal.
At some point in time, cases linked to the paranormal are called X-Files.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder is a believer in the paranormal.
At some point in time, Dana Scully is skeptical of the paranormal.
At some point in time, Dana Scully has been assigned to debunk Fox Mulder's work.
At some point in time, in this episode, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully find that a child killer claimed more victims than he confessed to.
At some point in time, the child killer is portrayed by Tom Noonan.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder had helped to apprehend the child killer several years earlier.
At some point in time, the child killer is now claiming to have killed Fox Mulder's sister Samantha.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan came up with the concept for "Paper Hearts."
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan thought about the series' longest running storyline.
At some point in time, the longest running storyline is the abduction of Samantha Mulder.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan questioned whether Samantha Mulder had been abducted by aliens.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan questioned whether Samantha Mulder was murdered by a child killer instead.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan decided to help convince Fox Mulder through a series of prophetic dreams.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder dreams of a red light that leads him to the corpse of a young girl.
At some point in time, the young girl is buried in a park in Manassas, Virginia.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder awakens and heads to the park.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder finds the young girl's skeleton.
At some point in time, the young girl was determined to have been murdered by John Lee Roche.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche is a serial killer.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche murdered thirteen girls throughout the 1980s.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche's modus operandi was cutting a heart out of the clothes of each victim.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder captured John Lee Roche by deducing that he committed the murders while traveling as a vacuum cleaner salesman.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche's hearts were never found.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche confessed to all of the murders.
At some point in time, Dana Scully's autopsy of the skeleton finds that the victim died in 1975.
At some point in time, the victim's death suggests that John Lee Roche's killing spree started much earlier than the FBI had previously thought.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully search John Lee Roche's old car.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully discover sixteen cut-out hearts in John Lee Roche's old car.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully visit John Lee Roche in prison.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully hope to learn the identities of the remaining two victims.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche tries to play mind games with Fox Mulder.
At some point in time, that night, Fox Mulder dreams of the night of Samantha Mulder's abduction.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder's dream suggests that his sister was abducted by John Lee Roche rather than aliens.
At some point in time, the next day, Fox Mulder asks John Lee Roche where he was the night Samantha Mulder was abducted.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche claims he was on Martha's Vineyard.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche claims he sold a vacuum cleaner to Fox Mulder's father.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder later finds the vacuum in his mother's house.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder convinces Walter Skinner to grant them further access to John Lee Roche.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder and Dana Scully question John Lee Roche.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche tells Fox Mulder the location of one of his remaining victims.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche claims exactly what happened the night of Samantha Mulder's abduction.
At some point in time, an autopsy of the body reveals it does not belong to Samantha Mulder.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche tells Fox Mulder the final body is Samantha Mulder's.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche says he will only reveal where Samantha Mulder's body is if Fox Mulder takes him to the scene of her abduction.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder secretly releases John Lee Roche from prison.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder brings John Lee Roche to Martha's Vineyard.
At some point in time, upon arriving at his family's old summer house, John Lee Roche explains exactly what happened the night of Samantha Mulder's abduction.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder tells John Lee Roche that the house was bought by his father after Samantha Mulder's abduction.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder's statement convinces him that John Lee Roche is not telling the truth.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder plans to bring John Lee Roche back to prison.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder awakens to find John Lee Roche gone.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche has stolen Fox Mulder's badge, gun, and phone.
At some point in time, using Fox Mulder's credentials, John Lee Roche kidnaps a girl in Swampscott, Massachusetts.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche met the girl on his flight with Fox Mulder to Boston.
At some point in time, Dana Scully and Walter Skinner arrive the next day.
At some point in time, Dana Scully and Walter Skinner head to the site of John Lee Roche's old apartment in Revere.
At some point in time, Dana Scully and Walter Skinner find John Lee Roche with the girl in an abandoned bus nearby.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche holds the gun on the girl.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche tells Fox Mulder that he will never know for sure whether the last victim is Samantha Mulder or not if he kills him.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder is forced to shoot John Lee Roche.
At some point in time, John Lee Roche starts to pull on the trigger of the stolen gun.
At some point in time, in his office, Fox Mulder stares at the final cloth heart.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder puts the final cloth heart away.
At some point in time, Fox Mulder is unsure of whether the final cloth heart belonged to Samantha Mulder or not.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" was written specifically with Tom Noonan in mind for the role of John Lee Roche.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" was among the first television work Tom Noonan had done.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan came up with the concept for "Paper Hearts" when thinking about the series' longest running storyline.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan's concept questioned whether Samantha Mulder had been abducted by aliens.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan's concept questioned whether Samantha Mulder was murdered by a child killer instead.
At some point in time, the laser lights in Fox Mulder's dreams were influenced by Vince Gilligan's experience with laser holograms.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan was a film student.
At some point in time, the laser was supposed to be the color blue.
At some point in time, the laser was changed to red in production to reduce costs.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan wanted to include some kind of fetish for the killer.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan settled on having John Lee Roche cut heart-shaped fragments from his victims' clothing.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan thought that having John Lee Roche mutilate his victims' bodies would be going too far.
At some point in time, guest actor Tom Noonan recalled filming the scene in which his character is introduced.
At some point in time, Tom Noonan was playing basketball in prison during the scene.
At some point in time, Tom Noonan is a capable basketball player.
At some point in time, Tom Noonan was asked to "downplay" how well he could play basketball.
At some point in time, Tom Noonan regretted not being able to play against David Duchovny.
At some point in time, David Duchovny played basketball for Princeton University.
At some point in time, episode writer Vince Gilligan asserts that David Duchovny's successful basketball shot was filmed in just one take.
At some point in time, David Duchovny's successful basketball shot was filmed without special effects.
At some point in time, the episode was the eighth produced in the season.
At some point in time, the episode was the tenth aired.
At some point in time, the episode was delayed to free up production resources for the two-part episodes "Tunguska" and "Terma."
At some point in time, the episode's climactic scene was filmed in a "bus graveyard" in Surrey, British Columbia.
At some point in time, the location had been scouted months previously.
At some point in time, the intention was to eventually include the location in an episode of the series.
At some point in time, filming at the location did not last a full day.
At some point in time, filming at the location did not last a full day despite the long wait to use it.
At some point in time, "Paper Hearts" was first broadcast in the United Kingdom on BBC Two on November 12, 1997.
At some point in time, the episode's initial broadcast was viewed by approximately 16.59 million people.
At some point in time, the viewership represented 16% of the viewing audience during that time.
At some point in time, both Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny consider "Paper Hearts" among the best episodes of the fourth season.
At some point in time, composer Mark Snow was nominated for an Emmy Award for the music he produced for "Paper Hearts."
At some point in time, Mark Snow said of the episode's music that it was a different kind of texture for the show.
At some point in time, Mark Snow described the episode's music as light, magic, and nothing terribly threatening.
At some point in time, Mark Snow received many requests for a recording of the music used at the end of "Paper Hearts."
At some point in time, website IGN named "Paper Hearts" their sixth favorite "standalone" episode of the show.
At some point in time, IGN called "Paper Hearts" creepy and unsettling.
At some point in time, IGN claimed Tom Noonan's character was one of the most disturbing villains to make an appearance in the series.
At some point in time, Tom Noonan's acting has been praised by Vince Gilligan.
At some point in time, Vince Gilligan says the understated manner in which John Lee Roche is portrayed sends chills down his spine every time.
At some point in time, the A.V. Club's Todd VanDerWerff reviewed "Paper Hearts" positively.
At some point in time, Todd VanDerWerff rated "Paper Hearts" an A.
At some point in time, Todd VanDerWerff felt that Tom Noonan's performance was terrific.
At some point in time, Todd VanDerWerff noted that Tom Noonan makes John Lee Roche into one of the series' great human monsters.
At some point in time, Todd VanDerWerff believed that the episode's premise was important to developing the character of Fox Mulder further.
At some point in time, the A.V. Club later named "Paper Hearts" the sixth best example of a television dream sequence.
At some point in time, the A.V. Club noted that "Paper Hearts" suggests how Fox Mulder might puzzle over cold cases in his subconscious.
At some point in time, the A.V. Club complimented the entry's metaphor that laser pointers were Fox Mulder's mind.
At some point in time, the metaphor suggests that laser pointers point out bits of evidence Fox Mulder's conscious brain missed all those many years ago.
At some point in time, Starpulse named "Paper Hearts" the second best episode of the series.