At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus is commonly known as the pinecone cap.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus is a species of agaric fungus in the family Physalacriaceae.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus is found in Asia and Europe.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus grows on the fallen cones of pine and spruce trees.
At some point in time, the fruit bodies of Strobilurus tenacellus are small.
At some point in time, the caps of Strobilurus tenacellus are convex to flat.
At some point in time, the caps of Strobilurus tenacellus are reddish to brownish.
At some point in time, the caps of Strobilurus tenacellus can reach up to 15 mm (0.6 in) in diameter.
At some point in time, the stems of Strobilurus tenacellus can be up to 4 – 7.5 cm (1.6 – 3.0 in) long.
At some point in time, the stems of Strobilurus tenacellus have a rooting base.
At some point in time, a characteristic microscopic feature of Strobilurus tenacellus is the sharp, thin-walled cystidia found on the stipe, gills, and cap.
At some point in time, the mushrooms of Strobilurus tenacellus are sometimes described as edible.
At some point in time, the mushrooms of Strobilurus tenacellus are too small to be of culinary interest.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus releases compounds called strobilurins.
At some point in time, strobilurins suppress the growth and development of other fungi.
At some point in time, derivatives of strobilurins are used as an important class of agricultural fungicides.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus was first described as Agaricus tenacellus by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1796.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus was moved to the genera Collybia by Paul Kummer in 1803.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus was moved to the genus Marasmius by Jules Favre in 1939.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus was moved to the genus Pseudohiatula by Georges Métrod in 1952.
At some point in time, Rolf Singer transferred Strobilurus tenacellus to the genus Strobilurus in 1962.
At some point in time, the specific epithet tenacellus is a diminutive form of the Latin word tenax, meaning "tough."
At some point in time, the British Mycological Society recommends the common name "pinecone cap" for Strobilurus tenacellus.
At some point in time, James Edward Smith called Strobilurus tenacellus the "dark fir-cone Agaric" in his 1836 work The English Flora.
At some point in time, the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is initially convex before flattening out.
At some point in time, the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus sometimes retains a small central papilla.
At some point in time, the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus sometimes develops a central depression.
At some point in time, the cap diameter of Strobilurus tenacellus reaches 5 – 15 mm (0.2 – 0.6 in).
At some point in time, the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is smooth.
At some point in time, the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is hygrophanous.
At some point in time, the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus has shallow radial grooves extending about halfway up the cap.
At some point in time, the color of the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is reddish to brownish.
At some point in time, the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus is often paler in the center than at the margin.
At some point in time, when dry, the color of the cap of Strobilurus tenacellus fades to greyish.
At some point in time, the gills of Strobilurus tenacellus are greyish-white.
At some point in time, the gills of Strobilurus tenacellus have a free to deeply emarginate attachment to the cap.
At some point in time, the gills of Strobilurus tenacellus are somewhat crowded together.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus has 20 – 25 gills.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus has 1 to 7 tiers of interspersed lamellulae.
At some point in time, the cylindrical stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus measures 4 – 7.5 cm (1.6 – 3.0 in) long.
At some point in time, the cylindrical stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus measures 0.5 – 2 mm thick.
At some point in time, the stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus has a root-like pseudorrhiza that extends into the substrate.
At some point in time, the upper stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus is yellowish-brown.
At some point in time, the lower stipe of Strobilurus tenacellus is dark orange-brown to reddish-brown.
At some point in time, the flesh of Strobilurus tenacellus has no odour.
At some point in time, the flesh of Strobilurus tenacellus usually has a bitter taste.
At some point in time, the fruit bodies of Strobilurus tenacellus are sometimes described as edible.
At some point in time, the fruit bodies of Strobilurus tenacellus are too small to be of culinary interest.
At some point in time, the spore print of Strobilurus tenacellus is white.
At some point in time, the spores of Strobilurus tenacellus are roughly elliptical to tear-shaped.
At some point in time, the dimensions of the spores of Strobilurus tenacellus are 5.0 – 7.5 by 2.4 – 4.0 μm.
At some point in time, the basidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are four-spored.
At some point in time, the basidia of Strobilurus tenacellus measure 20 – 40 by 7 – 11 μm.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are thin-walled.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are plentiful.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are spindle-shaped to somewhat flask-shaped with a sharp tip.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus measure 30 – 70 by 3 – 10 μm.
At some point in time, the pleurocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are similar in shape and size to the cheilocystidia.
At some point in time, the pleurocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus are usually not quite as numerous as the cheilocystidia.
At some point in time, the cap cuticle of Strobilurus tenacellus is made of a hymeniderm of club-shaped to somewhat spherical cells.
At some point in time, the cap cuticle of Strobilurus tenacellus has cells measuring 8 – 25 by 7 – 20 μm.
At some point in time, the cap cuticle of Strobilurus tenacellus is mixed with flask-shaped pileocystidia.
At some point in time, the pileocystidia of Strobilurus tenacellus measure 20 – 45 by 5 – 11 μm.
At some point in time, the hyphae of Strobilurus tenacellus lack clamp connections.
At some point in time, Strobilurus esculentus is similar in appearance to Strobilurus tenacellus.
At some point in time, Strobilurus stephanocystis is similar in appearance to Strobilurus tenacellus.
At some point in time, Strobilurus esculentus mushrooms have thin, sharp cap margins.
At some point in time, Strobilurus esculentus only fruits on fallen spruce cones.
At some point in time, Strobilurus stephanocystis has a yellow-brown to reddish-yellow cap.
At some point in time, the cap of Strobilurus stephanocystis is not hygrophanous.
At some point in time, Baeospora myosura is another small agaric that grows on pine and spruce cones.
At some point in time, Baeospora myosura fruits in autumn.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus is a saprobic wood-rotting fungus.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus fruits singly or in small groups.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus fruits on fallen and often partially buried cones of Scots pine (Pinus sylvestris).
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus fruits on fallen and often partially buried cones of European black pine (Pinus nigra).
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus sometimes fruits on fallen and often partially buried cones of spruce (Picea).
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus is found in coniferous and mixed forests.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus has been recorded in Japan.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus has been recorded in Jordan.
At some point in time, in Europe, Strobilurus tenacellus usually fruits from March to June.
At some point in time, the occurrence of Strobilurus tenacellus is occasional.
At some point in time, two cyathane-like diterpenoids have been isolated and identified from the liquid culture of Strobilurus tenacellus.
At some point in time, the two cyathane-like diterpenoids are (12S)-11α, 14α-epoxy-13α, 14β, 15-trihydroxycyath-3-ene and (12R)-11α, 14α-epoxy-13α, 14β, 15-trihydroxycyath-3-ene.
At some point in time, the two cyathane-like diterpenoids inhibit the growth of certain tumor cells when grown in vitro.
At some point in time, methanol-based extracts of Strobilurus tenacellus fruit bodies were shown to have low antibacterial activity against the bacterium Bacillus subtilis in a 2000 study.
At some point in time, methanol-based extracts of Strobilurus tenacellus fruit bodies were shown to have low to moderate activity against the fungi Candida albicans and Aspergillus fumigatus in a 2000 study.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus produces the natural antibiotic strobilurin A.
At some point in time, strobilurin A was reported as a novel compound from Strobilurus tenacellus in 1977.
At some point in time, other strobilurins have been found in other basidiomycete wood-rotting fungi.
At some point in time, strobilurin A is thought to be derived biosynthetically from the amino acid L-phenylalanine.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus secretes the chemical strobilurin A to prevent invasion by other fungi.
At some point in time, strobilurin A works by blocking electron transfer in the mitochondria.
At some point in time, strobilurin A stops respiration by binding to the ubihydroquinone oxidation center of the bc1 complex.
At some point in time, strobilurin A prevents competing fungi from creating their own energy.
At some point in time, strobilurin A inhibits the growth of competing fungi at the earliest stages of the life cycle.
At some point in time, strobilurin A inhibits the growth of competing fungi at the spore germination stage.
At some point in time, Strobilurus tenacellus is resistant to its own chemical strobilurin A.
At some point in time, the ubihydroquinone of Strobilurus tenacellus has three amino acid residues that prevent strobilurins from binding.
At some point in time, chemically unmodified strobilurins are not generally useful as fungicides for agricultural use due to their sensitivity to light.
At some point in time, chemically unmodified strobilurins have high vapor pressures that cause them to rapidly disappear when applied to the surface of a leaf.
At some point in time, the strobilurin-derived compound azoxystrobin was first made commercially available in 1996.
At some point in time, azoxystrobin was designed to overcome the limitations of chemically unmodified strobilurins.
At some point in time, azoxystrobin is the world's biggest-selling fungicide.
At some point in time, other commercial fungicides developed from strobilurins include Allegro and Brio (kresoxim-methyl).
At some point in time, other commercial fungicides developed from strobilurins include Amistar.