At some point in time, Edina Müller was born on 28 June 1983.
At some point in time, Edina Müller is a German 2.5 point wheelchair basketball player.
At some point in time, Edina Müller is a KL1 canoeist.
At some point in time, Edina Müller played for ASV Bonn in the German wheelchair basketball league.
At some point in time, Edina Müller played for the German national wheelchair basketball team.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won bronze at the 2006 World Cup in Amsterdam.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won three European championships in 2007, 2009, and 2011.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won a silver medal at the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team was voted 2008 Team of the Year in disabled sports.
At some point in time, Horst Köhler presented the German women's national wheelchair basketball team with Germany's highest sports award, the Silbernes Lorbeerblatt (Silver Laurel Leaf).
At some point in time, Joachim Gauck awarded the German women's national wheelchair basketball team a second Silver Leaf after it won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, Edina Müller was a two-time U.S. champion from 2006 to 2008 with her college team, Illinois Fighting Illini, at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
At some point in time, Edina Müller helped ASV Bonn win the European Cup (Willi Brinkmann Cup) in Valladolid, Spain in 2009.
At some point in time, Edina Müller played for Hamburger SV from 2011 to 2014.
At some point in time, Edina Müller retired from wheelchair basketball after the 2014 Women’s World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won silver at the 2014 Women’s World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Toronto.
At some point in time, Edina Müller took up canoeing after retiring from wheelchair basketball.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won silver in the women’s KL1 200 m race at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint World Cup in Duisburg on 24 May 2015.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won gold in the women’s KL1 200 m race at the 2016 ICF Canoe Sprint World Cup in Duisburg on 19 May 2016.
At some point in time, Edina Müller was raised in the Rhineland town of Brühl.
At some point in time, Edina Müller was playing volleyball in 2000 at the age of 16.
At some point in time, Edina Müller felt pain in her back in 2000.
At some point in time, a doctor straightened Edina Müller’s back.
At some point in time, Edina Müller lost feeling in her legs within two hours after her back was straightened.
At some point in time, Edina Müller was rushed to the hospital.
At some point in time, a blood clot was discovered in Edina Müller’s body.
At some point in time, Edina Müller was diagnosed with paraplegia.
At some point in time, Edina Müller spent the next four months in the hospital.
At some point in time, Edina Müller had to repeat Year 10 at Max Ernst Gymnasium.
At some point in time, Edina Müller graduated from Max Ernst Gymnasium in 2003.
At some point in time, Edina Müller longed to return to playing sport despite being confined to a wheelchair.
At some point in time, Edina Müller initially tried sitting volleyball.
At some point in time, Edina Müller took up wheelchair tennis.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won the Hungarian Open in wheelchair tennis in 2005.
At some point in time, Edina Müller ultimately switched to wheelchair basketball.
At some point in time, Edina Müller played for ASV Bonn in wheelchair basketball.
At some point in time, Edina Müller was invited to attend a German national team training camp in 2005 by its coach, Holger Glinicki.
At some point in time, Edina Müller made the German national team in 2006.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won bronze at the World Championships in Amsterdam in 2006.
At some point in time, Professor Dr. Horst Strohkendl was Edina Müller’s mentor and professor at the University of Cologne.
At some point in time, Professor Dr. Horst Strohkendl advised Edina Müller to pursue her sporting career in the United States.
At some point in time, Edina Müller attended a one-week basketball camp in Illinois in 2006.
At some point in time, Michael Frogley noticed Edina Müller at the basketball camp in Illinois in 2006.
At some point in time, Michael Frogley was the coach of the Canadian men’s national wheelchair basketball team.
At some point in time, Michael Frogley was the coach of the Illinois Fighting Illini college team at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
At some point in time, the Illinois Fighting Illini won the National Championship in both years Edina Müller played with the team.
At some point in time, Edina Müller traveled with the German women’s national team for tournaments and preparation camps during the semester break.
At some point in time, the German women’s national wheelchair basketball team became European champions in 2007 before a home crowd at Wetzlar.
At some point in time, Edina Müller graduated from the University of Illinois in 2008 with a Bachelor of Science degree in kinesiology.
At some point in time, Edina Müller moved back to Germany after graduating from the University of Illinois.
At some point in time, Edina Müller started playing for Hamburger SV in 2011.
At some point in time, Edina Müller’s American degree was accepted in Germany.
At some point in time, Edina Müller qualified as a rehabilitation therapist at BG Trauma Hospital in Hamburg-Boberg.
At some point in time, Edina Müller worked with paraplegic patients.
At some point in time, Edina Müller helped paraplegic patients become wheelchair mobile by strengthening their chest and upper arm muscles.
At some point in time, Edina Müller stated that it makes a difference that the therapist also cannot walk.
At some point in time, Edina Müller participated in the 2008 Summer Paralympics in Beijing.
At some point in time, Germany was beaten in the gold medal game by the United States at the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the German team took home Paralympic silver medals after the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team's performance was considered impressive after the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team was named the national "Team of the Year" after the 2008 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team received the Silver Laurel Leaf from German President Horst Koehler.
At some point in time, Brühl honored Edina Müller with an entry in its Golden Book.
At some point in time, Edina Müller helped the national team defend their European Championship title in Stoke Mandeville, England in 2009.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team hoped for a rematch against the United States at the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games in London.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team faced the Australian women’s national wheelchair basketball team at the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games in London.
At some point in time, the Australian women’s national wheelchair basketball team included former Illinois teammates Shelley Chaplin and Bridie Kean.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team defeated the Australian women’s national wheelchair basketball team in front of a crowd of over 12,000.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team won the gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympic Games in London.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team was awarded another Silver Laurel Leaf by President Joachim Gauck in November 2012.
At some point in time, the German women's national wheelchair basketball team was named Team of the Year for 2012.
At some point in time, Edina Müller trained at the Hamburg Canoe Club after taking up canoeing.
At some point in time, Edina Müller stated that she learned to always have the sight set for a big goal from basketball.
At some point in time, Edina Müller stated that if something doesn’t turn out how it should, it’s not the end of the world.
At some point in time, Edina Müller stated that it always helps to have a goal set in front of you.
At some point in time, Jens Kröger is Edina Müller’s coach.
At some point in time, Jens Kröger stated that it’s easy to motivate Edina Müller.
At some point in time, Jens Kröger stated that Edina Müller is fighting to reach a training target.
At some point in time, Jens Kröger stated that Edina Müller never gives up.
At some point in time, Edina Müller earned national team selection after her hard work.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won silver in the women’s KL1 200 m race at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint World Cup in Duisburg in a personal best time of 59.981 seconds.
At some point in time, Edina Müller achieved her first time below the one-minute mark in the women’s KL1 200 m race at the 2015 ICF Canoe Sprint World Cup in Duisburg.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won gold in the women’s KL1 200 m race at the 2016 ICF Canoe Sprint World Cup in Duisburg despite capsizing her canoe during warm-up.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won bronze at the World Championship in Amsterdam in 2006.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won gold at the National Championship in Warm Springs, United States in 2007.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won gold at the European Championship in Wetzlar, Germany in 2007.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won gold at the National Championship in Champaign, United States in 2008.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won silver at the Paralympics in Beijing, China in 2008.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won gold at the European Championship in Stoke Mandeville, Great Britain in 2009.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won silver at the World Championships in Birmingham, Great Britain in 2010.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won gold at the European Championships in Nazareth, Israel in 2011.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won gold at the Paralympic Games in London, England in 2012.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won silver at the European Championships in Frankfurt, Germany in 2013.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won silver at the World Championships in Toronto, Canada in 2014.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won silver at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Cup in Duisburg, Germany in 2015.
At some point in time, Edina Müller won gold at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Cup in Duisburg, Germany in 2016.
At some point in time, Edina Müller was named Team of the Year in 2008.
At some point in time, Edina Müller received the Silver Laurel Leaf in 2008.
At some point in time, Edina Müller received an entry in the Golden Book of the city of Brühl in 2009.
At some point in time, Edina Müller was named Team of the Year in 2012.
At some point in time, Edina Müller received the Silver Laurel Leaf in 2012.
At some point in time, Edina Müller was named Hamburg Sportswoman of the Year in 2013.