At some point in time, Man Enters the Cosmos is a cast bronze sculpture by Henry Moore.
At some point in time, Man Enters the Cosmos is located on the Lake Michigan lakefront outside the Adler Planetarium.
At some point in time, The Adler Planetarium is in the Museum Campus area of downtown Chicago.
At some point in time, The Adler Planetarium is in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
At some point in time, The Adler Planetarium is both a National Historic Landmark and listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
At some point in time, The Adler Planetarium is located in the Near South Side community area of Chicago.
At some point in time, Henry Moore's sculpture is a functional bowstring equatorial sundial.
At some point in time, The bowstring equatorial sundial was created in 1980.
At some point in time, The bowstring equatorial sundial measures approximately 13 feet (4.0 m).
At some point in time, The sundial was formerly located slightly further south at the steps of the main entry plaza to the Adler Planetarium.
At some point in time, The sundial now sits directly on the lakefront.
At some point in time, The work is a later copy of a composition first created in the 1960s.
At some point in time, The composition was first created for the offices of The Times newspaper at Printing House Square in London.
At some point in time, The Henry Moore Foundation titles the work Sundial 1965 - 66.
At some point in time, The sundial has two plaques on its base.
At some point in time, The plaque on the left is a commemorative plaque discussing the benefactor and purpose of the sculpture.
At some point in time, The benefactor of the sculpture was the B.F. Ferguson Monument fund.
At some point in time, The B.F. Ferguson Monument fund has commissioned several works of art throughout Chicago.
At some point in time, Many of the Ferguson fund's commissioned works are housed in and on the grounds of the Art Institute of Chicago.
At some point in time, Many of the Ferguson fund's commissioned works are housed elsewhere in Grant Park.
At some point in time, The purpose of the commission was to recognize the space exploration program.
At some point in time, The plaque on the right is an equation of time table.
At some point in time, The equation of time table corrects for the time differences caused by the axial tilt of the Earth.
At some point in time, The equation of time table corrects for the time differences caused by the Earth's orbital eccentricity.
At some point in time, The equation of time table does not correct for daylight saving time.
At some point in time, Most of Henry Moore's work completed after 1954 is a modeled sculpture.
At some point in time, This sculpture is composed of two bronze semicircles.
At some point in time, One bronze semicircle is set inside and at right angles to the other.
At some point in time, The sculpture has a slim bronze rod that extends from one end of the outer semicircle to the other.
At some point in time, The slim bronze rod serves as the gnomon (indicator).
At some point in time, The bowstring equatorial sundial derives its name from the appearance of the shadow-casting gnomon.
At some point in time, The shadow-casting gnomon resembles a bow string.
At some point in time, The shadow of the rod projects onto the inner semicircle.
At some point in time, The inner semicircle serves as the dial face (or dial plate).
At some point in time, The dial face marks the time of day when there is sufficient sunlight to produce shadows.
At some point in time, Different sections of the rod serve as the style over the course of the year.
At some point in time, The style is the part of the gnomon that indicates the time by casting its shadow on the dial face.
At some point in time, At the summer solstice, the Sun is highest (farthest above the equatorial plane).
At some point in time, At the summer solstice, the style is closest to the top of the rod.
At some point in time, At the winter solstice, the Sun is lowest.
At some point in time, At the winter solstice, the style is closest to the bottom of the rod.
At some point in time, At the equinoxes, the Sun is on the equatorial plane.
At some point in time, At the equinoxes, the style is exactly in the center of the length of the rod.
At some point in time, The style of the equatorial sundial is parallel to the Earth's axis of rotation.
At some point in time, This type of sundial is known as an equatorial sundial.
At some point in time, The plane of the dial face is parallel to the Earth's equatorial plane.
At some point in time, Two primary examples of modified equatorial sundials are bowstring equatorial and armillary dials.
At some point in time, Both modified equatorial sundials can be read year-round on the same surface.
At some point in time, Both modified equatorial sundials can be read regardless of whether the Sun is above or below the equatorial plane.
At some point in time, A standard equatorial sundial changes sides with each equinox.
At some point in time, A standard equatorial sundial is virtually unreadable near the equinoxes.
At some point in time, A standard equatorial sundial is virtually unreadable when the Sun is located on the equatorial plane.
At some point in time, Between 1997 and 1999, the Adler Planetarium added a sky pavilion to the original 1930 architecture.
At some point in time, The Adler Planetarium moved the roads during the addition of the sky pavilion.
At some point in time, The sundial was moved to its current location during the addition of the sky pavilion.
At some point in time, The move of the sundial was performed by contractors of the Adler Planetarium.
At some point in time, The move of the sundial was performed in two phases.
At some point in time, First, the sculpture was removed and placed in storage.
At some point in time, The sculpture was removed to make way for the current roadway.
At some point in time, The sculpture was later moved to its current position after the new roadway was built.
At some point in time, The old roadway was replaced with a walkway.
At some point in time, A U-turn in Solidarity Drive runs through the original location of the sundial.
At some point in time, The sundial is located on the walkway that replaced the previous roadway.
At some point in time, The new location of the sundial can be seen on a Museum Campus map.
At some point in time, The construction was contemporaneous with a $100 million project.
At some point in time, The $100 million project reconfigured traffic around the Museum Campus.
At some point in time, The $100 million project caused Lake Shore Drive to be moved during the mid-1990s.
At some point in time, When Henry Moore was alive, he took pride in viewing his sculptures in the open-air environment.
At some point in time, Henry Moore once said he would prefer to see his sculptures in any open landscape.
At some point in time, Henry Moore would prefer to see his sculptures than in even the most beautiful buildings he knew.
At some point in time, Including the sculpture Man Enters the Cosmos, Henry Moore has a total of four public sculptures listed in the Smithsonian Institution's Research Information System (SIRIS).
At some point in time, All of Henry Moore's public sculptures listed in SIRIS are displayed outdoors in Chicago.
At some point in time, All of Henry Moore's public sculptures listed in SIRIS are bronze.
At some point in time, Henry Moore's sculpture Nuclear Energy is situated on the campus of the University of Chicago.
At some point in time, The site of Nuclear Energy is the site of the first self-sustaining nuclear reaction.
At some point in time, The site of Nuclear Energy is listed in the National Register of Historic Places.
At some point in time, The site of Nuclear Energy is listed as a National Historic Landmark.
At some point in time, The site of Nuclear Energy is listed as a Chicago Landmark.
At some point in time, Other Chicago works by Henry Moore include Large Interior Form.
At some point in time, Large Interior Form is located in the north garden at the Art Institute of Chicago.
At some point in time, Other Chicago works by Henry Moore include Reclining Figure.
At some point in time, Reclining Figure is on loan to the University of Chicago.
At some point in time, Reclining Figure is located in the Cochrane-Woods Art Center courtyard.
At some point in time, The Henry Moore Foundation lists several other indoor Chicago works.
At some point in time, The indoor Chicago works are located at the Art Institute of Chicago.
At some point in time, The indoor Chicago works are located at The Smart Museum.