At some point in time, light gun shooters are also called light gun games or gun games.
At some point in time, light gun shooters are a shooter video game genre.
At some point in time, the primary design element of light gun shooters is aiming and shooting with a gun-shaped controller.
At some point in time, light gun shooters revolve around the protagonist shooting targets.
At some point in time, targets in light gun shooters can be antagonists or inanimate objects.
At some point in time, light gun shooters generally feature action or horror themes.
At some point in time, some light gun shooters may employ a humorous, parodic treatment of conventions.
At some point in time, light gun shooters typically feature "on-rails" movement.
At some point in time, in light gun shooters, the player has control only over aiming.
At some point in time, the protagonist's other movements in light gun shooters are determined by the game.
At some point in time, games featuring "on-rails" movement are sometimes termed "rail shooters."
At some point in time, the term "rail shooters" is also applied to games of other genres.
At some point in time, some later light gun shooters give the player greater control over movement.
At some point in time, in some light gun shooters, the protagonist does not move at all.
At some point in time, light gun shooters employ light gun controllers.
At some point in time, light gun controllers function through the use of light sensors.
At some point in time, mechanical games using light guns existed since the 1930s.
At some point in time, mechanical games operated differently from those used in video games.
At some point in time, throughout the 1970s, mechanical games were replaced by electronic video games.
At some point in time, in the 1980s, popular light gun shooters such as Duck Hunt emerged.
At some point in time, the genre of light gun shooters was most popular in the 1990s.
At some point in time, the popularity of light gun shooters increased after the release of Virtua Cop.
At some point in time, the formula of Virtua Cop was later improved upon by Time Crisis.
At some point in time, the genre of light gun shooters is less popular in the new millennium.
At some point in time, light gun shooters are hampered by compatibility issues.
At some point in time, light gun shooters retain a niche appeal for fans of "old school" gameplay.
At some point in time, "Light gun shooters," "light gun games," or "gun games" are games in which the protagonist shoots at targets.
At some point in time, light gun games utilize a gun-shaped controller termed a "light gun."
At some point in time, the player aims with the light gun in light gun games.
At some point in time, light gun games may feature a first-person perspective.
At some point in time, light gun games are distinct from first-person shooters.
At some point in time, first-person shooters utilize more conventional input devices.
At some point in time, light gun games featuring "on-rails" movement are sometimes termed "rail shooters."
At some point in time, the light gun functions through the use of a light sensor.
At some point in time, pulling the trigger on the light gun allows it to detect light from on-screen targets.
At some point in time, targets in light gun shooters may be threatening antagonists such as criminals, terrorists, or zombies.
At some point in time, targets in light gun shooters may also be inanimate objects such as apples or bottles.
At some point in time, light gun games may be played without a light gun.
At some point in time, the use of more conventional input methods in light gun games has been deemed inferior.
At some point in time, light gun shooters typically feature generic action or horror themes.
At some point in time, some later light gun shooters employ more humorous, self-referential styles.
At some point in time, light gun shooters primarily revolve around shooting large numbers of enemies attacking in waves.
At some point in time, the protagonist may be required to defend himself in light gun shooters.
At some point in time, the protagonist may take cover in light gun shooters.
At some point in time, the protagonist may shoot incoming thrown weapons in light gun shooters.
At some point in time, incoming thrown weapons in light gun shooters may include axes or grenades.
At some point in time, the player may compete against the clock in some light gun shooters.
At some point in time, some light gun shooters feature boss battles.
At some point in time, games may reward the player for accurate shooting in light gun shooters.
At some point in time, rewards for accurate shooting in light gun shooters may include extra points, power-ups, or secrets.
At some point in time, games that do not pit the player against antagonists feature challenges constructed mainly from inanimate objects.
At some point in time, challenges in light gun shooters test the player's speed and accuracy.
At some point in time, more conventional games may feature challenges as minigames.
At some point in time, in light gun shooters, the player has no control over the direction the protagonist moves in.
At some point in time, the player only has control over aiming and shooting in light gun shooters.
At some point in time, some light gun shooter games may allow the protagonist to take cover at the push of a button.
At some point in time, other light gun shooter games may eschew "on-rails" movement altogether.
At some point in time, some light gun shooter games allow the player to move the protagonist freely around the game's environment.
At some point in time, some light gun shooter games feature a static environment.
At some point in time, light gun shooters utilize a first-person perspective for aiming.
At some point in time, some light gun shooter games may allow the player to switch to a third-person perspective.
At some point in time, mechanical gun games existed before the emergence of electronic video games.
At some point in time, mechanical gun games existed as far back as the 1920s.
At some point in time, the first light guns appeared in the 1930s.
At some point in time, the Seeburg Ray-O-Lite was one of the first light guns.
At some point in time, games using the Seeburg Ray-O-Lite were mechanical.
At some point in time, the Seeburg Ray-O-Lite fired beams of light at targets wired with sensors.
At some point in time, mechanical gun games evolved throughout subsequent decades.
At some point in time, Sega's Periscope was released in 1966.
At some point in time, Sega's Periscope required the player to target cardboard ships.
At some point in time, throughout the 1970s, mechanical arcade games were gradually replaced by electronic video games.
At some point in time, the release of Pong in 1972 contributed to the replacement of mechanical arcade games.
At some point in time, the release of Space Invaders in 1978 dealt a powerful blow to the popularity of mechanical games.
At some point in time, light guns used in electronic video games work in the opposite manner to mechanical counterparts.
At some point in time, in electronic video games, the sensor is in the gun.
At some point in time, pulling the trigger on an electronic light gun allows it to receive light from on-screen targets.
At some point in time, computer light pens had been used for practical purposes at MIT in the early 1960s.
At some point in time, the Magnavox Odyssey had a light gun accessory.
At some point in time, Nintendo was involved in the production of the Magnavox Odyssey's light gun accessory.
At some point in time, light guns first became popularly used for video games in the mid-1980s.
At some point in time, Nintendo's Duck Hunt was a much-loved example of a light gun game.
At some point in time, Sega's Virtua Cop was released in arcades in 1994.
At some point in time, Sega's Virtua Cop broke new ground in shooter games.
At some point in time, Sega's Virtua Cop popularized the use of 3D polygons in shooter games.
At some point in time, Sega's Virtua Cop led to a "Renaissance" in the popularity of arcade gun games.
At some point in time, Sega's Virtua Cop was inspired by the Clint Eastwood film Dirty Harry.
At some point in time, Sega's Virtua Cop was inspired by a coffee advertisement.
At some point in time, in the coffee advertisement, a can of coffee grew larger in a gun's sights.
At some point in time, in Virtua Cop, the player had to shoot approaching targets as fast as possible.
At some point in time, the acclaimed Time Crisis by Namco was released in Japanese arcades in 1995.
At some point in time, Time Crisis was released for Sony's PlayStation console in 1997.
At some point in time, Time Crisis introduced innovations such as simulated recoil.
At some point in time, Time Crisis introduced a foot pedal that caused the protagonist to take cover when pressed.
At some point in time, the light gun controller for Time Crisis, the GunCon, was acclaimed.
At some point in time, Namco released Point Blank for the PlayStation in 1998.
At some point in time, Point Blank was previously available in Japanese arcades as Gun Bullet since 1994.
At some point in time, Point Blank is a 2D sprite-based game.
At some point in time, Point Blank features a unique minigame structure.
At some point in time, Point Blank has a quirky, humorous tone.
At some point in time, Point Blank was critically acclaimed.
At some point in time, Point Blank received two sequels.
At some point in time, the sequels of Point Blank were for the PlayStation console.
At some point in time, light guns were suppressed for a time in the U.S. after the 1999 Columbine High School massacre.
At some point in time, the Columbine High School massacre led to controversy over video games and gun crime.
At some point in time, since the late 1980s, light gun controllers have been generally manufactured to look like toys.
At some point in time, light gun controllers are painted in bright colors.
At some point in time, in Japan, more realistic light guns are widely available.
At some point in time, Japan lacks the gun crime found in the U.S.
At some point in time, civilians in Japan cannot legally own guns.
At some point in time, light gun shooters are less popular in the new millennium than in the 1990s.
At some point in time, new games in the light gun shooter genre are seen as "old school."
At some point in time, the Time Crisis franchise continued to receive acclaimed installments.
At some point in time, the House of the Dead franchise continued to receive acclaimed installments.
At some point in time, the arcade machine for House of the Dead 4 Special featured large screens enclosing the player.
At some point in time, the arcade machine for House of the Dead 4 Special featured swiveling, vibrating chairs.
At some point in time, some light gun shooter games attempted to incorporate elements of first-person shooter games.
At some point in time, some light gun shooter games attempted to incorporate elements of survival horror games.
At some point in time, some light gun shooter games incorporated less restricted character movement and exploration.
At some point in time, the incorporation of less restricted character movement and exploration had varying degrees of success.
At some point in time, some light gun shooter games paid homage to 1990s arcade gameplay.
At some point in time, some light gun shooter games embraced a somewhat parodic style.
At some point in time, light guns are not compatible with modern high-definition televisions.
At some point in time, developers have experimented with hybrid controllers for light gun shooters.
At some point in time, developers have experimented with the Wii Remote for the Nintendo Wii.
At some point in time, developers have experimented with the PlayStation 3's GunCon 3 peripheral used with Time Crisis 4.
At some point in time, others have used the PlayStation Move motion control system.