At some point in time, the Spafford Farm massacre occurred as part of the Black Hawk War near present-day South Wayne, Wisconsin.
At some point in time, the Spafford Farm massacre is also referred to as the Wayne massacre.
At some point in time, the Spafford Farm was settled in 1830 by Omri Spafford and his partner Francis Spencer.
At some point in time, Omri Spafford and Francis Spencer made numerous improvements to the parcel of land before the war started.
At some point in time, on June 14, 1832, five men were attacked by a Kickapoo war party.
At some point in time, three white men were killed instantly in the attack, including Omri Spafford.
At some point in time, in total, at least one Native and four white settlers were killed in the action.
At some point in time, two men managed to escape the attack.
At some point in time, one of the escapees was fooled into thinking Fort Hamilton had been overtaken by a group of friendly Menominee for days before he finally sought refuge there.
At some point in time, the incident at Spafford Farm eventually led to the Battle of Horseshoe Bend.
At some point in time, the Battle of Horseshoe Bend is also known as the Battle of Pecatonica.
At some point in time, the Sauk and Fox tribes vacated their lands in Illinois and moved west of the Mississippi River in 1828.
At some point in time, the 1804 treaty was between the Governor of Indiana Territory and a group of Sauk and Fox leaders regarding land settlement.
At some point in time, Sauk Black Hawk and others disputed the 1804 treaty.
At some point in time, Black Hawk claimed that the full tribal councils had not been consulted regarding the treaty.
At some point in time, Black Hawk claimed that those representing the tribes did not have authorization to cede land.
At some point in time, Black Hawk led a number of incursions across the Mississippi River beginning in 1830.
At some point in time, each time Black Hawk was persuaded without bloodshed to return west.
At some point in time, in April 1832, Black Hawk moved his so-called "British Band" of around 1,000 warriors and civilians into Illinois.
At some point in time, Black Hawk found no allies in Illinois.
At some point in time, Black Hawk attempted to return to Iowa but was overtaken by events that led to the Battle of Stillman's Run.
At some point in time, a number of other engagements followed the Battle of Stillman's Run.
At some point in time, the state militias of Wisconsin and Illinois were mobilized to hunt down Black Hawk's band.
At some point in time, the ensuing conflict became known as the Black Hawk War.
At some point in time, on May 19, 1832, a group of militia volunteers were ambushed at Buffalo Grove.
At some point in time, on May 21, 1832, the Indian Creek massacre occurred.
At some point in time, the Indian Creek massacre is believed to be mostly a peripheral event to the Black Hawk War.
At some point in time, the Indian Creek massacre was followed by more violence preceding the attack at Spafford Farm.
At some point in time, the Spafford Farm massacre occurred in LaFayette County, Wisconsin.
At some point in time, the Spafford Farm massacre occurred during the course of the Black Hawk War.
At some point in time, the first land claim in LaFayette County was made in tandem by Omri Spafford and Francis Spencer in 1830.
At some point in time, the location that became known as Spafford Farm was located near the junction of Spafford's Branch and the Pecatonica River.
At some point in time, Omri Spafford and Francis Spencer made many improvements on the land prior to the onset of the war in 1832.
At some point in time, present at Spafford Farm on the day of the massacre were Omri Spafford, Francis Spencer, Bennett Million, Abraham Searles, James McIllwaine, and an Englishman identified only by the moniker "John Bull."
At some point in time, the Englishman identified as "John Bull" was probably John Compton.
At some point in time, on June 14, 1832, six men were sent from Fort Hamilton to work on Spafford Farm.
At some point in time, the group had just commenced working when they were attacked by a band of Kickapoo warriors.
At some point in time, the Kickapoo warriors had concealed themselves in some trees near the farmstead.
At some point in time, the Kickapoo warriors opened fire in a surprise attack.
At some point in time, the six men dropped their tools and broke for the Pecatonica River.
At some point in time, the six men reached the Pecatonica River and made a hasty crossing.
At some point in time, having crossed the river, four of the men were shot as they clambered up the opposite bank.
At some point in time, Omri Spafford, Abraham Searles, and James McIllwaine were killed instantly in the melee.
At some point in time, "John Bull," who was probably John Compton, was also killed in the melee.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer and 17-year-old Bennett Million were able to escape the attackers.
At some point in time, Bennett Million escaped by jumping into the Pecatonica River.
At some point in time, Bennett Million hid in brush and made his way to Fort Hamilton.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer did not jump into the river.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer hid along the banks of the river.
At some point in time, one of the attackers pursued Francis Spencer.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer killed the warrior before he could be overtaken.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer wandered the woods for several days before reaching Fort Hamilton.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer reached Fort Hamilton around the same time that Colonel William S. Hamilton arrived with a large group of Menominee.
At some point in time, the Menominee had volunteered against the Sauk and Fox.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer was afraid that Fort Hamilton had also been attacked.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer retreated back into the woods.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer avoided the fort for between six and nine days.
At some point in time, hunger finally drove Francis Spencer into the open.
At some point in time, Francis Spencer realized his mistake when he emerged from hiding.
At some point in time, word of the attack at Spafford's farm spread quickly to Fort Defiance.
At some point in time, Fort Defiance is located about five miles southeast of Mineral Point.
At some point in time, a small volunteer force of 13 men was assembled at Fort Defiance.
At some point in time, the small volunteer force set off to hunt down the band of Native Americans responsible for the massacre.
At some point in time, the group reached Fort Hamilton at around midnight on June 15.
At some point in time, on the morning of June 15, survivor Bennett Million guided the militia volunteers back to the site of the massacre.
At some point in time, one of the militia volunteers was Alexander Higgenbotham.
At some point in time, Alexander Higgenbotham was a survivor of the St. Vrain massacre.
At some point in time, the bodies of the dead were badly mutilated.
At some point in time, Omri Spafford's corpse was headless.
At some point in time, Omri Spafford's head was found scalped and tossed into the grass along the river bank.
At some point in time, the volunteers buried the mangled bodies of the fallen.
At some point in time, the volunteers searched in vain for Francis Spencer.
At some point in time, the volunteers assumed Francis Spencer was dead.
At some point in time, Colonel Henry Dodge was at Gratiot's Grove when the war descended upon Spafford Farm.
At some point in time, Colonel Henry Dodge had just sent his volunteers to their forts to resupply and recuperate.
At some point in time, shortly after Colonel Henry Dodge arrived back at his home fort, he received word of the Aubrey murder at Fort Blue Mounds.
At some point in time, Colonel Henry Dodge received word of the incident at Spafford Farm.
At some point in time, Colonel Henry Dodge ordered militia detachments from Fort Defiance, Fort Jackson, and Fort Hamilton to the scene of the massacre.
At some point in time, after the massacre, General Henry Atkinson was informed that Colonel Henry Dodge was to take over General Alexander Posey's brigade at Fort Hamilton.
At some point in time, while Colonel Henry Dodge was on his way to visit the brigade, he heard a rifle shot from a group of Native Americans.
At some point in time, Colonel Henry Dodge quickly returned to his command post.
At some point in time, Colonel Henry Dodge gathered as many men as he could to pursue the enemy.
At some point in time, with Colonel Henry Dodge in quick pursuit, a group of approximately 25 Native warriors criss-crossed the Pecatonica River.
At some point in time, the group of Native warriors prepared to make a stand at the Battle of Pecatonica when they found flight hopeless.