At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco was the only tropical cyclone to make landfall on the United States during the 1990 Atlantic hurricane season.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco was the 13th named storm of the 1990 Atlantic hurricane season.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco formed from a cold-core low pressure area along the northern coast of Cuba on October 9.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco tracked northwestward through the eastern Gulf of Mexico.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco produced 65 mph (100 km/h) winds over land.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco weakened to a tropical depression before moving ashore near Cedar Key.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco combined with a cold front and the remnants of Hurricane Klaus to produce heavy rainfall in Georgia and the Carolinas.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco continued northward until being absorbed by a cold front on October 13.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco triggered flooding of some houses and roadways in Florida.
At some point in time, Rainfall across the path of Tropical Storm Marco peaked at 19.89 inches (505 mm) in Louisville, Georgia.
At some point in time, Several locations received over 10 inches (250 mm) of precipitation due to Tropical Storm Marco.
At some point in time, The flooding caused a total of 12 deaths in Florida, mostly due to drowning.
At some point in time, The flooding caused $57 million in damage (1990 USD, $103 million 2016 USD) in Florida.
At some point in time, A low pressure area and circulation persisted over eastern Cuba in the middle levels of the atmosphere by early on October 6.
At some point in time, The low pressure area drifted westward and interacted with Hurricane Klaus to its east.
At some point in time, The low pressure area developed a low-level circulation on October 9.
At some point in time, The National Hurricane Center classified the low pressure area as Tropical Depression Fifteen while located near the Cuban city of Caibarién.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Fifteen was initially subtropical in character.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Fifteen absorbed most of Hurricane Klaus and became the dominant system.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco tracked parallel to the coast of Cuba before veering northward.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco crossed the Florida Keys.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco intensified into Tropical Storm Marco about 35 miles (55 km) south-southeast of Key West, Florida.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco reached peak winds of 65 mph (100 km/h) on October 11.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco remained offshore for another six hours after reaching its peak intensity.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco weakened to a tropical depression prior to making landfall near Cedar Key early on October 12.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco became an extra-tropical cyclone by 1200 UTC on October 12.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco turned to the northeast and east through South Carolina.
At some point in time, The proximity of Tropical Storm Marco to Hurricane Lili resulted in hints of the Fujiwhara effect.
At some point in time, Moisture from the remnants of Tropical Storm Marco dropped heavy rainfall across the southeast United States for another day.
At some point in time, A tropical storm warning was issued for the west coast of Florida from Key West to Apalachicola.
At some point in time, A tropical storm warning was issued for the east coast of Florida from Vero Beach northward to Fernandina Beach.
At some point in time, Elementary schools were closed on the three barrier islands in Lee County before the arrival of Tropical Storm Marco.
At some point in time, Florida governor Bob Martinez ordered the closure of state offices in the Tampa Bay area.
At some point in time, Florida governor Bob Martinez decided not to open the University of South Florida and nearby community colleges.
At some point in time, Public schools were not opened on the day of Tropical Storm Marco's passage in Manatee and Sarasota counties.
At some point in time, Most other schools remained open on the day of Tropical Storm Marco's passage in Florida.
At some point in time, The National Weather Service issued a flood watch for much of Georgia as Tropical Storm Marco tracked northward.
At some point in time, A flood watch was issued for western portions of the Carolinas due to Tropical Storm Marco.
At some point in time, A flood watch was issued for high elevations in Virginia and West Virginia due to Tropical Storm Marco.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco produced 39-74 mph winds across western Florida.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco developed strong convective rain bands while brushing the coastline of Florida.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco led to peak sustained winds of 69 mph (112 km/h) with gusts to 85 mph (137 km/h) on the Sunshine Skyway Bridge.
At some point in time, The Sunshine Skyway Bridge was closed after gusts reached 70 mph (115 km/h).
At some point in time, Squalls from Tropical Storm Marco spawned four tornadoes in Florida.
At some point in time, One tornado spawned by Tropical Storm Marco struck the city of Crystal River.
At some point in time, The tornado that struck Crystal River destroyed a mobile home.
At some point in time, The tornado that struck Crystal River left 2,000 people without power for about an hour.
At some point in time, Storm damage from Tropical Storm Marco left about 25,000 customers across Florida without power.
At some point in time, Storm damage from Tropical Storm Marco left about 40 families temporarily homeless.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco produced a light storm surge that peaked at 2.6 feet (0.8 m) above normal on Sanibel Island.
At some point in time, The storm surge levels varied only by as much as 9.8 inches (250 mm) from the predicted levels from the SLOSH model.
At some point in time, The storm surge and waves caused minor beach erosion in Florida.
At some point in time, Moderate to heavy rainfall fell across western Florida due to Tropical Storm Marco.
At some point in time, Rainfall peaked at 6.14 inches (156 mm) near Bradenton, Florida.
At some point in time, The rainfall from Tropical Storm Marco was beneficial after a very dry summer in Florida.
At some point in time, The rainfall from Tropical Storm Marco fell quickly, failing to relieve water restrictions across the area.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco resulted in some flooding in its path, including several homes in Manatee County.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco caused flooding of roadways and two U.S. highways in Florida.
At some point in time, Statewide damage from Tropical Storm Marco totaled $3 million (1990 USD, $5.43 million 2016 USD).
At some point in time, Damage in Manatee County from Tropical Storm Marco totaled $1 million (1990 USD, $1.81 million 2016 USD).
At some point in time, The remnants of Tropical Storm Marco entered Georgia.
At some point in time, The remnants of Tropical Storm Marco combined with the remnant moisture from Hurricane Klaus and a slow-moving cold front.
At some point in time, The combination of the remnants of Tropical Storm Marco and other factors caused large amounts of precipitation to fall across the eastern portion of Georgia.
At some point in time, Rainfall peaked at 19.89 inches (505 mm) at a weather station near Louisville, Georgia.
At some point in time, Over 16 inches (400 mm) of rainfall fell in a 24-hour period in Louisville, Georgia.
At some point in time, In Augusta, Georgia, 2.79 inches (71 mm) of rainfall fell in one hour.
At some point in time, The rainfall in Augusta, Georgia forced the evacuation of about 300 people.
At some point in time, Some roads in eastern Georgia were flooded up to 6 feet (1.8 m) deep.
At some point in time, Police officers in Augusta rescued people in flooded cars.
At some point in time, The flooding in Georgia resulted in some power outages.
At some point in time, Five people drowned in the flooding caused by the remnants of Tropical Storm Marco in Georgia.
At some point in time, The flooding left 450 people homeless in Georgia.
At some point in time, The remnants of Tropical Storm Marco spawned a tornado in Brantley County, Georgia.
At some point in time, The tornado in Brantley County destroyed 25 unoccupied homes.
At some point in time, Damage in Georgia totaled $42 million (1990 USD, $76.1 million 2016 USD).
At some point in time, On October 19, 1990, President George H. W. Bush declared several counties in Georgia as federal disaster areas.
At some point in time, The declaration of federal disaster areas permitted the use of emergency funds for victims in Georgia.
At some point in time, Heavy rainfall continued northward into the Carolinas due to the remnants of Tropical Storm Marco.
At some point in time, Much of South Carolina experienced over 7 inches (175 mm) of precipitation.
At some point in time, Statewide rainfall in South Carolina peaked at 13.96 inches (355 mm) in Pageland.
At some point in time, The rainfall in South Carolina ended a severe drought in some locations.
At some point in time, The flooding in South Carolina caused 80 bridges to fail.
At some point in time, More than 120 bridges were either closed, damaged, or destroyed in South Carolina due to the flooding.
At some point in time, The flooding in South Carolina caused three drowning deaths.
At some point in time, Damage in South Carolina totaled $12 million (1990 USD, $21.7 million 2016 USD).
At some point in time, In North Carolina, rainfall reached 10.74 inches (273 mm) in Albemarle.
At some point in time, The storm directly caused two deaths in North Carolina.
At some point in time, The storm indirectly caused two traffic deaths in North Carolina.
At some point in time, Rainfall from the combined remnants of Tropical Storm Marco and Hurricane Klaus extended into the Ohio Valley.
At some point in time, 3.67 inches (93 mm) of rainfall was recorded near Mountain City, Tennessee.
At some point in time, Totals of 2-5 inches (50-125 mm) of rainfall spread across northwest Virginia, western Maryland, eastern West Virginia, and the Susquehanna Valley of Pennsylvania.
At some point in time, In New York, rainfall combined with moisture from Hurricane Lili triggered flooding.
At some point in time, The flooding in New York closed a portion of a railway line and a highway.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Marco was the only storm to strike the United States during the 1990 hurricane season.
At some point in time, Without Tropical Storm Marco, the 1990 hurricane season would have been the first to have no tropical storm or hurricane make landfall in the United States since the 1890 season.