At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is a common species of electric ray in the family Narkidae.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is native to South Africa and Namibia.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is a benthic fish.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is found in shallow coastal bays.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray inhabits sandy or muddy bottoms.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray reaches 38 cm (15 in) in length.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray has a nearly circular pectoral fin disc.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray has a short, muscular tail.
At some point in time, the short, muscular tail of the onefin electric ray supports a large caudal fin.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray can be identified by its single dorsal fin.
At some point in time, the single dorsal fin of the onefin electric ray is located over the large pelvic fins.
At some point in time, the dorsal coloration of the onefin electric ray is yellowish to dusky brown.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray can defend itself with a strong electric shock.
At some point in time, the strong electric shock of the onefin electric ray is produced from a pair of kidney-shaped electric organs.
At some point in time, the kidney-shaped electric organs of the onefin electric ray are located beside its head.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray feeds mainly on polychaete worms.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray likely gives birth to live young.
At some point in time, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) presently lacks enough information to assess the conservation status of the onefin electric ray.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is often caught incidentally by bottom trawl fisheries off South Africa.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray may be impacted by pollution from coastal development.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray was described by German naturalist Johann Friedrich Gmelin in 1789.
At some point in time, Gmelin's name for the onefin electric ray was printed as Raja capensis in some copies of Systema Naturae.
At some point in time, Gmelin's name for the onefin electric ray was printed as Raja rapensis in other copies of Systema Naturae.
At some point in time, the original spelling of the onefin electric ray was probably rapensis.
At some point in time, modern taxonomists regard the original spelling rapensis as a typesetting error.
At some point in time, the etymology of capensis means "of the Cape [of Good Hope]."
At some point in time, later sources have consistently used the name capensis for the onefin electric ray.
At some point in time, to officially fix the specific epithet under the spelling capensis would require a decision by the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature (ICZN).
At some point in time, Gmelin did not refer to any type specimens for the onefin electric ray.
At some point in time, in 1826, German naturalist Johann Jakob Kaup created the new genus Narke for the onefin electric ray.
At some point in time, Johann Jakob Kaup separated the onefin electric ray from other electric rays based on its curved back and single dorsal fin.
At some point in time, later, more species were assigned to the genus Narke.
At some point in time, the pectoral fin disc of the onefin electric ray is wider than long.
At some point in time, the pectoral fin disc of the onefin electric ray is almost circular in shape.
At some point in time, the two large, kidney-shaped electric organs of the onefin electric ray are visible beneath the skin on either side of its head.
At some point in time, the eyes of the onefin electric ray are small and protruding.
At some point in time, the larger spiracles of the onefin electric ray lie closely behind its eyes.
At some point in time, the larger spiracles of the onefin electric ray have three small finger-like projections on their rims.
At some point in time, the nostrils of the onefin electric ray are placed rather close together.
At some point in time, between the nostrils of the onefin electric ray is a long skirt-like flap of skin that reaches the mouth.
At some point in time, the small and protrusible mouth of the onefin electric ray is nearly straight.
At some point in time, the mouth of the onefin electric ray is surrounded by prominent furrows.
At some point in time, the teeth of the onefin electric ray are tiny and pointed.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray has five pairs of small gill slits on the underside of its disc.
At some point in time, the large and broad pelvic fins of the onefin electric ray have convex margins.
At some point in time, the large and broad pelvic fins of the onefin electric ray originate beneath the pectoral fins.
At some point in time, adult male onefin electric rays have stubby claspers.
At some point in time, there is a single rounded dorsal fin positioned over the pelvic fins of the onefin electric ray.
At some point in time, the short and thick tail of the onefin electric ray has a skin fold running along either side.
At some point in time, the tail of the onefin electric ray terminates in a large triangular caudal fin with rounded corners.
At some point in time, the caudal fin of the onefin electric ray is almost symmetrical above and below.
At some point in time, the soft skin of the onefin electric ray is completely devoid of dermal denticles.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray varies from yellowish brown to dusky brown above.
At some point in time, parts of the tail's upper surface of the onefin electric ray are yellowish.
At some point in time, the underside of the onefin electric ray is white to yellow with brown fin margins.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray grows up to 38 cm (15 in) long.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray grows up to 26 cm (10 in) across.
At some point in time, individuals of the onefin electric ray that reach 38 cm (15 in) long are rare.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is common off the Eastern and Western Cape Provinces of South Africa.
At some point in time, the range of the onefin electric ray extends to central Namibia.
At some point in time, a single specimen of the onefin electric ray has been recorded from Meob Bay.
At some point in time, a second unconfirmed sighting of the onefin electric ray has been reported from Walvis Bay.
At some point in time, a historical record of the onefin electric ray from Madagascar may be a misidentification.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is bottom-dwelling in nature.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray mainly inhabits bays with sandy or muddy bottoms.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is most often found in waters shallower than 50-100 m (160-330 ft).
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray has been recorded from as deep as 183 m (600 ft).
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray can deliver an extremely powerful electric shock relative to its small size.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray delivers an electric shock to defend itself against predators.
At some point in time, the broadnose sevengill shark (Notorynchus cepedianus) is a predator of the onefin electric ray.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray propels itself using its muscular tail.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray does not propel itself using its pectoral fins.
At some point in time, the diet of the onefin electric ray consists mainly of polychaete worms.
At some point in time, the reproductive biology of the onefin electric ray has not been documented.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is presumably viviparous like other electric rays.
At some point in time, male onefin electric rays mature sexually at somewhere between 11 and 17 cm (4.3 and 6.7 in) long.
At some point in time, female onefin electric rays mature at around 16 cm (6.3 in) long.
At some point in time, the shock produced by the onefin electric ray can be painful.
At some point in time, the shock produced by the onefin electric ray is not substantially dangerous to humans.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is not utilized economically.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray is frequently caught as bycatch in bottom trawls in South African waters.
At some point in time, the onefin electric ray may be negatively affected by water pollution from coastal development.
At some point in time, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has listed the onefin electric ray as Data Deficient.
At some point in time, the IUCN has listed the onefin electric ray as Data Deficient due to lack of specific data.
At some point in time, the vulnerability of the onefin electric ray to fishing may merit concern.
At some point in time, the vulnerability of the onefin electric ray to habitat degradation may merit concern.