At some point in time, the Action of 15 November 1810 was a minor naval engagement. At some point in time, the Action of 15 November 1810 occurred during the British Royal Navy blockade of the French Channel ports. At some point in time, the British Royal Navy blockade was part of the Napoleonic Wars. At some point in time, British dominance at sea was enforced by a strategy of close blockade. At some point in time, the strategy of close blockade made it difficult for the French Navy to operate in their own territorial waters. At some point in time, in the autumn of 1810, a British squadron was assigned to patrol the Baie de la Seine. At some point in time, the British squadron was effectively isolating two French squadrons in the ports of Le Havre and Cherbourg. At some point in time, on 12 November 1810, the squadron in Le Havre consisted of the frigates Elisa and Amazone. At some point in time, the frigates Elisa and Amazone attempted to reach Cherbourg at night. At some point in time, the goal of the frigates Elisa and Amazone was to unite the squadrons. At some point in time, the British frigates HMS Diana and HMS Niobe spotted the squadron in the early hours of 13 November. At some point in time, HMS Diana and HMS Niobe gave chase to the French squadron. At some point in time, the French ships took shelter at the heavily fortified Iles Saint-Marcouf. At some point in time, the French ships sailed the following morning for the anchorage at Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue. At some point in time, for two days, the British frigates kept watch. At some point in time, two ships of the line from the blockade of Cherbourg arrived. At some point in time, the two ships of the line were HMS Donegal and HMS Revenge. At some point in time, on 15 November, the British squadron attacked the anchored French ships. At some point in time, the French ships were defended by shore batteries at La Hougue and Tatihou. At some point in time, after four attempts to close with the French, the British squadron withdrew. At some point in time, the British squadron withdrew under heavy fire. At some point in time, during the night, Captain Pulteney Malcolm sent his ship's boats close inshore. At some point in time, the goal of Captain Pulteney Malcolm was to attack the French ships with Congreve rockets. At some point in time, Congreve rockets were a newly issued weapon. At some point in time, none of the Congreve rockets are recorded as landing on target. At some point in time, by morning, both frigates had been forced to change position. At some point in time, both frigates became grounded on the shore. At some point in time, the French ships were later refloated. At some point in time, Malcolm's squadron maintained the blockade until 27 November. At some point in time, on 27 November, Amazone successfully escaped back to Le Havre. At some point in time, the damaged frigate Elisa remained at anchor until 6 December. At some point in time, an attack by a British bomb vessel forced the frigate Elisa to move further inshore. At some point in time, the frigate Elisa became grounded once more. At some point in time, Elisa remained in this position until 23 December. At some point in time, on 23 December, the boats of HMS Diana entered the anchorage at night. At some point in time, the boats of HMS Diana set the beached ship on fire. At some point in time, the fire destroyed the frigate Elisa. By 1810, the French Navy fleet based in the Atlantic ports had been prevented from launching any major operations for four years. At some point in time, the French Navy fleet had been penned into harbour by the British strategy of close blockade. At some point in time, a failed attempt by a French fleet to sail had been defeated at the Battle of Basque Roads in 1809. At some point in time, the main operations carried out by the French Navy were undertaken by privateers and frigate squadrons. At some point in time, the privateers and frigate squadrons operated commerce raiders from smaller ports. At some point in time, the smaller ports included those on the English Channel. At some point in time, in November 1810, squadrons were based at Cherbourg. At some point in time, the squadron at Cherbourg included two ships of the line and the newly built frigate Iphigénie. At some point in time, the squadron at Le Havre included the frigates Elisa and Amazone. At some point in time, the frigates Elisa and Amazone were commanded by Captains Louis-Henri Fraycinet-Saulce and Bernard-Louis Rosseau respectively. At some point in time, to blockade these squadrons, the Royal Navy's Channel Fleet assigned the ships of the line HMS Donegal and HMS Revenge. At some point in time, HMS Donegal was under Captain Pulteney Malcolm. At some point in time, HMS Revenge was under Captain Charles Paget. At some point in time, HMS Donegal and HMS Revenge were assigned to patrol the entrance to Cherbourg. At some point in time, HMS Diana was under Captain Charles Grant. At some point in time, HMS Niobe was under Captain John Wentworth Loring. At some point in time, HMS Diana and HMS Niobe kept watch on Le Havre. At some point in time, the blockade had achieved some minor successes. At some point in time, in October 1810, HMS Revenge captured the privateer Vengeur from Dieppe. At some point in time, on 6 November 1810, HMS Donegal ran down and seized the privateer Surcouf from Cherbourg. At some point in time, at 22:00 on 12 November, the frigates Amazone and Elisa sailed from Le Havre. At some point in time, the goal of Amazone and Elisa was to unite with the force at Cherbourg. At some point in time, Amazone and Elisa hoped to evade the blockade in the darkness. At some point in time, Amazone and Elisa successfully passed the patrolling HMS Diana and HMS Niobe. At some point in time, Amazone and Elisa were spotted sailing northwest at 00:30. At some point in time, the British ships gave chase to Amazone and Elisa. At some point in time, HMS Niobe turned inshore in an attempt to cut off the French line of advance. At some point in time, with the wind in the northeast, the French frigates were unable to pass Cape Barfleur under pursuit. At some point in time, Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau turned his squadron towards the Iles Saint-Marcouf at 04:00. At some point in time, the French frigates used superior local knowledge to bypass the pursuing British ships. At some point in time, the heavily fortified islands had been under British control during the French Revolutionary Wars. At some point in time, the islands reverted to the French at the Peace of Amiens in 1802. At some point in time, HMS Diana and HMS Niobe attempted to intercept the French frigates. At some point in time, HMS Diana and HMS Niobe were only able to fire two long-distance broadsides at the trailing Elisa. At some point in time, at 11:00, Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau gave orders for the French frigates to sail once more. At some point in time, the French frigates slipped away from the British ships. At some point in time, the British ships had drifted to the north. At some point in time, the French frigates anchored safely between the batteries at Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue and the island of Tatihou. At some point in time, observing the strong position the French frigates had taken up, Captain Charles Grant sent messages to Captain Pulteney Malcolm's force at Cherbourg. At some point in time, Captain Pulteney Malcolm brought HMS Donegal and HMS Revenge to support the frigates on 14 November. At some point in time, Captain Pulteney Malcolm maintained position off the anchorage despite a strong gale. At some point in time, the strong gale caused Elisa to drag her anchors. At some point in time, Captain Louis-Henri Fraycinet-Saulce was forced to throw much of the ship's stores overboard. At some point in time, Captain Louis-Henri Fraycinet-Saulce threw the stores overboard to prevent his frigate from being wrecked on the shore. At some point in time, the following day, HMS Diana took advantage of the rising tide to attack the anchored Amazone. At some point in time, Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau withdrew deeper into the sheltered anchorage. At some point in time, Captain Charles Grant launched probing attacks on the French frigate. At some point in time, each probing attack was beaten off by heavy fire from the batteries. At some point in time, Captain Charles Grant launched four successive attacks against Amazone. At some point in time, each attack was driven back by cannon fire. At some point in time, at 13:00, with the tide falling, the British squadron was compelled to retreat to deeper water. At some point in time, the British squadron retreated out of range of the French. At some point in time, all four British ships had suffered under fire. At some point in time, two British sailors were killed on HMS Revenge. At some point in time, five British sailors were wounded on HMS Revenge. At some point in time, three British sailors were wounded on HMS Donegal. At some point in time, one British sailor was wounded on HMS Diana. At some point in time, the French losses were a single man killed on Amazone. At some point in time, on the evening of 15 November, Captain Pulteney Malcolm ordered the ship's boats of the squadron to approach the anchorage. At some point in time, the boats were commanded by Lieutenant Joseph Needham Taylor. At some point in time, the boats had been equipped with Congreve rockets. At some point in time, Congreve rockets were a recently invented artillery system. At some point in time, Congreve rockets were not widely in use by the Royal Navy at that time. At some point in time, none of the rockets fired during the night appeared to have hit their targets. At some point in time, the rockets seem to have panicked the French crews. At some point in time, dawn the following morning revealed that both frigates had cut their anchors. At some point in time, both frigates drifted onto the shore. At some point in time, Elisa struck hard and heeled over onto her side. At some point in time, both ships were successfully refloated by the rising tide on 16 November. At some point in time, the situation reached an impasse. At some point in time, Malcolm's forces blockaded Saint-Vaast-la-Hougue to prevent the French from sailing. At some point in time, for nearly two weeks, the French frigates remained at anchor. At some point in time, Captain Pulteney Malcolm and Captain Charles Grant drew up plans for an attack with fireships. At some point in time, Amazone successfully slipped out of harbour on 27 November. At some point in time, Amazone returned successfully to Le Havre before dawn the following day. At some point in time, with Amazone gone, Captain Charles Grant maintained a closer watch on Elisa. At some point in time, Captain Charles Grant called up a bomb vessel to attack the anchorage on 6 December. At some point in time, the attack by the bomb vessel proved no more accurate than the rockets. At some point in time, Elisa was driven into shallow waters to avoid the attack. At some point in time, Elisa became irretrievably grounded on a shoal. At some point in time, over the next two weeks, Elisa remained grounded. At some point in time, the frigate Elisa gradually was reduced to the state of a total wreck. At some point in time, on 23 December, Captain Charles Grant sent his boats into the anchorage. At some point in time, the boats were commanded by Lieutenant Thomas Rowe. At some point in time, the boats entered the anchorage under cover of darkness. At some point in time, the boats set the wreck on fire. At some point in time, the fire ensured that the frigate's stores could not be salvaged. At some point in time, with the destruction of Elisa, the British squadrons returned to their blockade duties off Cherbourg and Le Havre. At some point in time, the blockade remained in place throughout the remainder of the Napoleonic Wars. At some point in time, Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau in Amazone made another attempt to join the squadron in Cherbourg in March 1811. At some point in time, Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau's attempt was to join the squadron in Cherbourg. At some point in time, Captain Bernard-Louis Rosseau was run down and destroyed by a squadron led by the ship of the line HMS Berwick. At some point in time, the new frigate Iphigénie survived a little longer. At some point in time, the new frigate Iphigénie was intercepted and captured in the Atlantic during a raiding mission in January 1814.