At some point in time, "Invasion of the Bane" is the first episode of the British science fiction television series The Sarah Jane Adventures.
At some point in time, "Invasion of the Bane" was originally broadcast on 1 January 2007.
At some point in time, the series was commissioned before the script for the episode was written.
At some point in time, "Invasion of the Bane" is not a pilot.
At some point in time, "Invasion of the Bane" is a bank holiday special.
At some point in time, "Invasion of the Bane" serves the introductory functions of a pilot.
At some point in time, the episode focuses upon a thirteen-year-old girl named Maria Jackson discovering the existence of aliens.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson discovers that the Bane, creators of a soft drink called Bubble Shock!, harbor a destructive secret.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson teams up with investigative journalist Sarah Jane Smith to prevent the Bane's plans.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson is thirteen years old.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson's father is named Alan.
At some point in time, Alan is recently divorced.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson and Alan move into a house opposite Sarah Jane Smith's house.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson is woken by an ethereal light emanating from Sarah Jane Smith's house.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson discovers Sarah Jane Smith conversing with a star poet, or arcateenian.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper visits Maria Jackson the next morning.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper invites Maria Jackson into town.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper uses the free "Bubble Shock!" bus to travel into town.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper and Maria Jackson tour the Bubble Shock! factory.
At some point in time, the factory has a security scanner that collects DNA.
At some point in time, the DNA is transferred to an "Archetype" under the supervision of the factory's owner, Mrs. Wormwood.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith overhears Maria Jackson and Kelsey Hooper making plans.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith follows Maria Jackson and Kelsey Hooper to the factory.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith interviews Mrs. Wormwood.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith asks Mrs. Wormwood how she was able to get approval for Bubble Shock! so fast.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith asks Mrs. Wormwood why the Bane was "resisting" analysis.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood tells Sarah Jane Smith that all that Bubble Shock! is doing is satisfying the needs of the Western world.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith is almost killed by Mrs. Wormwood's secretary.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper wanders from the tour.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper attempts to phone Maria Jackson.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper disturbs an unknown beast called the Bane Mother.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood orders the alarms switched off.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood orders Sarah Jane Smith to be killed.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson attempts to phone Kelsey Hooper.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson sets off the alarms again.
At some point in time, the Archetype escapes from the factory.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson encounters the Archetype while escaping.
At some point in time, the Archetype mimics Maria Jackson.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson and the Archetype escape into a women's bathroom.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith enters the women's bathroom.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson and Sarah Jane Smith are surprised to see each other.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson and Sarah Jane Smith manage to escape the factory.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper does not escape the factory with Maria Jackson and Sarah Jane Smith.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith warns Maria Jackson not to get involved because her life is too dangerous.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper is accosted by the factory guards.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper rants about the treatment she has received.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood subdues Kelsey Hooper by revealing her true form.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood discovers that Kelsey Hooper and Sarah Jane Smith live on the same street.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood uses her PR representative Davey to escort Kelsey Hooper home.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson realizes that Davey had discovered Sarah Jane Smith.
At some point in time, Maria Jackson tries to run into Sarah Jane Smith's house.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith brings Maria Jackson and Kelsey Hooper inside her house.
At some point in time, Davey, now as a Bane, gives chase.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith is able to repel Davey.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper discovers the attic in Sarah Jane Smith's house.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith tells Maria Jackson and Kelsey Hooper about aliens.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith met the Doctor years ago.
At some point in time, the Doctor took Sarah Jane Smith through time and space.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith's adventures suddenly ended.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith and the Doctor met by chance in "School Reunion."
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith and the Doctor realized they were still fond of each other.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith has a brief reunion with K9.
At some point in time, K9 is in Sarah Jane Smith's safe.
At some point in time, K9 is sealing off a black hole.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith analyzes that the Bane ingredient was sentient.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith activates her computer named Mr. Smith.
At some point in time, Kelsey Hooper shouts at Mr. Smith.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith contacts Mrs. Wormwood.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith politely requests that Mrs. Wormwood leaves Earth.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood refuses to leave Earth.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood takes control of the majority of the human race.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith races to the factory.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith cannot enter the factory until she drives the bus into a wall.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood reveals the Bane Mother.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood explains that the Archetype is a conglomerate of human DNA.
At some point in time, the Archetype is designed to be investigated so that Bubble Shock! could be improved.
At some point in time, the Archetype uses an alien communicator that Sarah Jane Smith had been given.
At some point in time, the alien communicator's signal is strong enough to kill the Bane Mother.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith, Maria Jackson, and the Archetype escape as the factory explodes.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith agrees to adopt the Archetype.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith agrees with Maria Jackson to call the Archetype "Luke."
At some point in time, Maria Jackson wanted to name her child "Luke" if she ever had one.
At some point in time, the episode closes with a monologue by Sarah Jane Smith.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith states that while space may be strange, adventures may be had on Earth if one knows where to look.
At some point in time, Mrs. Wormwood reappears in the series 2 serial "Enemy of the Bane."
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith mentions Harry while trying to find a name for Luke.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith refers to Harry Sullivan and Alastair.
At some point in time, Alastair is the first name of Brigadier Lethbridge-Stewart.
At some point in time, Sarah Jane Smith decides on the name Luke for the Archetype.
At some point in time, Russell T Davies envisioned using a previous companion to explore the role and eventual fate of the Doctor's companions in 2005.
At some point in time, Elisabeth Sladen was convinced to appear in the second series episode "School Reunion."
At some point in time, CBBC proposed a spin-off about a teenage Doctor to Russell T Davies.
At some point in time, Russell T Davies denied the proposal for a teenage Doctor spin-off.
At some point in time, Russell T Davies favored a spin-off revolving around Sarah Jane.
At some point in time, Elisabeth Sladen agreed to sign on the project for the Sarah Jane spin-off.
At some point in time, the rights for K-9 to appear in the series were not secured.
At some point in time, the production team gave K-9 a cameo fixing a black hole inadvertently created in Switzerland.
At some point in time, the episode was written by Russell T Davies and Gareth Roberts.
At some point in time, Gareth Roberts drew from several outside sources for several parts of the plot.
At some point in time, Gareth Roberts alluded to the star of Wormwood from the Book of Revelation.
At some point in time, Gareth Roberts used the name of a beverage called "Bubbleshake" in his novel "The Highest Science" for inspiration for Bubble Shock!.
At some point in time, the first scene of "Invasion of the Bane" was shown on 8 December 2006.
At some point in time, the first scene of "Invasion of the Bane" was shown during a BBC Breakfast interview with Elisabeth Sladen.
At some point in time, the first scene of "Invasion of the Bane" was released a day later on the interactive advent calendar on the Doctor Who microsite.
At some point in time, the clip of the first scene lasted one minute in length.
At some point in time, the clip was of Sarah Jane Smith's interview with Mrs. Wormwood.
At some point in time, the episode's airing on BBC1 gathered 2.9 million viewers.
At some point in time, the episode's audience share was 15%.
At some point in time, 20% of the audience for the episode were under 16.
At some point in time, the film "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" aired against "Invasion of the Bane" on ITV1.
At some point in time, "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" had a higher overall reach than "Invasion of the Bane."
At some point in time, "Invasion of the Bane" had a slightly higher number of viewers head-to-head than "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang."
At some point in time, the episode's Audience Appreciation Index was 77.
At some point in time, the average score for an episode of a drama program is 77.
At some point in time, "This was the first of eleven Sarah Jane Adventures serials to be adapted as a novel."
At some point in time, the novel was written by Terrance Dicks.
At some point in time, the book was first published in paperback on 1 November 2007.