At some point in time, Mycena cinerella is commonly known as the mealy bonnet.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella is an inedible species of mushroom.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella belongs to the family Mycenaceae.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella is found in Europe.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella is found in the United States.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella grows in groups on fallen leaves.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella grows on needles under pine.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella grows on needles under Douglas fir.
At some point in time, the small grayish mushrooms have caps that are up to 1.5 cm wide.
At some point in time, the small grayish mushrooms have stipes that are 5 cm long.
At some point in time, the small grayish mushrooms have stipes that are 2.5 mm thick.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena cinerella are grayish-white.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena cinerella are adnate.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena cinerella have a "tooth" that runs slightly down the stipe.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella has both two-spored and four-spored basidia.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella smells mealy.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella was first called Agaricus cinerellus by Finnish mycologist Petter Karsten in 1879.
At some point in time, Petter Karsten transferred Mycena cinerella to the genus Mycena in 1879.
At some point in time, Jakob Emanuel Lange referred Mycena cinerella to the genus Omphalia in 1936.
At some point in time, Omphalia cinerea (P. Karst.) J.E. Lange is now a synonym of Mycena cinerella.
At some point in time, Hintikka named and described Mycena cineroides as a new species distinct from Mycena cinerella in 1963.
At some point in time, Hintikka thought Mycena cineroides to be unique due to its narrowly acute cap.
At some point in time, Mycena cineroides lacks brownish or yellowish tones.
At some point in time, Mycena cineroides has decurrent gills.
At some point in time, Mycena cineroides has two-spored basidia.
At some point in time, intermediate forms of Mycena cineroides have been found.
At some point in time, some authorities believe Mycena cineroides should be treated as a synonym of Mycena cinerella.
At some point in time, the mushroom is commonly known as the "mealy bonnet."
At some point in time, the specific epithet cinerella means "somewhat ashy color."
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena cinerella is white and small.
At some point in time, the diameter of the cap of Mycena cinerella typically ranges from 0.5 to 1.5 cm.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena cinerella is initially hemispherical.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena cinerella is obtusely conic.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena cinerella is convex.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena cinerella expands during maturity.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena cinerella develops visible grooves on the surface.
At some point in time, the visible grooves on the cap of Mycena cinerella correspond to the gills underneath the cap.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena cinerella has a broad, flattened umbo.
At some point in time, the cap surface of Mycena cinerella is smooth and moist.
At some point in time, the cap margin of Mycena cinerella is initially pressed against the stipe.
At some point in time, the cap margin of Mycena cinerella becomes notched with age.
At some point in time, the cap margin of Mycena cinerella sometimes becomes scalloped.
At some point in time, the cap margin of Mycena cinerella turns translucent.
At some point in time, the cap color of Mycena cinerella is dark gray to pale gray.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena cinerella is somewhat hygrophanous.
At some point in time, the cap of Mycena cinerella fades to ashy white or brown when dry.
At some point in time, the flesh of Mycena cinerella is thin.
At some point in time, the flesh of Mycena cinerella is gray.
At some point in time, the flesh of Mycena cinerella is cartilaginous.
At some point in time, the flesh of Mycena cinerella is tough.
At some point in time, the flesh of Mycena cinerella has a strongly farinaceous odor.
At some point in time, the flesh of Mycena cinerella has a strongly farinaceous taste if crushed or chewed.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena cinerella are whitish to grayish.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena cinerella are moderately broad, measuring 2 – 3 mm.
At some point in time, the spacing of the gills of Mycena cinerella is close to subdistant.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena cinerella reach the stipe, numbering 18 – 26.
At some point in time, the gills of Mycena cinerella are interspersed with two or three tiers of lamellae.
At some point in time, the lamellae of Mycena cinerella do not extend fully from the cap margin to the stipe.
At some point in time, the stipe attachment of Mycena cinerella is adnate or arcuate.
At some point in time, the stipe of Mycena cinerella develops a pronounced decurrent tooth.
At some point in time, the decurrent tooth of Mycena cinerella occasionally separates from the stipe.
At some point in time, the decurrent tooth of Mycena cinerella occasionally forms a collar around the stipe.
At some point in time, the stipe of Mycena cinerella is 2 – 5 cm long.
At some point in time, the stipe of Mycena cinerella is 1 – 2.5 mm thick.
At some point in time, the stipe of Mycena cinerella is equal in width throughout.
At some point in time, the stipe of Mycena cinerella is hollow.
At some point in time, the stipe of Mycena cinerella is cartilaginous.
At some point in time, the stipe of Mycena cinerella is brittle.
At some point in time, the stipe surface of Mycena cinerella is smooth or polished.
At some point in time, the apex of the stipe of Mycena cinerella is initially faintly pruinose.
At some point in time, the base of the stipe of Mycena cinerella is sparsely covered with sharp, straight, stiff hairs.
At some point in time, the base of the stipe of Mycena cinerella is the same color as the cap or paler.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella is inedible.
At some point in time, the spores of Mycena cinerella measure 7 – 9 by 4 – 5 μm.
At some point in time, the spores of Mycena cinerella are ellipsoid.
At some point in time, the spores of Mycena cinerella are smooth.
At some point in time, the spores of Mycena cinerella are amyloid.
At some point in time, the reaction of the spores of Mycena cinerella is very weak in some collections.
At some point in time, the basidia of Mycena cinerella are four-spored.
At some point in time, the basidia of Mycena cinerella are occasionally a combination of two-spored and four-spored.
At some point in time, the four-spored forms of Mycena cinerella have clamp connections.
At some point in time, the two-spored forms of Mycena cinerella lack clamp connections.
At some point in time, the pleurocystidia of Mycena cinerella are not differentiated.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella are embedded in the hymenium.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella are inconspicuous.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella measure 22 – 36 by 5 – 11 μm.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella are roughly filiform.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella have numerous contorted branches or protuberances.
At some point in time, the cheilocystidia of Mycena cinerella are club-shaped with finger-like prolongations.
At some point in time, the flesh of the gills of Mycena cinerella is homogenous.
At some point in time, the flesh of the gills of Mycena cinerella turns vinaceous-brown when stained in iodine.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena cinerella has a well-differentiated pellicle.
At some point in time, the flesh of the cap of Mycena cinerella has a differentiated but not very well-developed hypoderm.
At some point in time, the hyphae of Mycena cinerella are 10 – 20 μm wide.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella is a saprobic fungus.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella derives nutrients by decomposing leaf litter.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella derives nutrients by decomposing similar detritus.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella converts leaf litter and similar detritus to humus.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella mineralizes organic matter in the soil.
At some point in time, the fruit bodies of Mycena cinerella grow in groups on needles.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella typically grows under pine.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella typically grows under Douglas fir.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella typically grows in the late summer.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella typically grows in autumn.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella has been collected from Michigan.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella has been collected from Washington.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella has been collected from Oregon.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella has been collected from California.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella has been collected from Great Britain.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella has been collected from Norway.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella has been collected from Poland.
At some point in time, Mycena cinerella has been collected from Sweden.