At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance is a 2005 compilation album of Italian composer Ennio Morricone's film score work.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance was intended as a follow-up to two earlier Morricone compilations assembled by Dagored.
At some point in time, The album was put together by Alan Bishop.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance was released by Ipecac Recordings.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance features work ranging from the later 1960s to the early 1980s.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance contains scores taken from films of several different genres.
At some point in time, The collection focuses on Morricone's lesser-known soundtrack work.
At some point in time, Mike Patton, the founder of Ipecac, consciously wished to distance Crime and Dissonance from similar compilations.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance was released on October 18, 2005.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance has been met with favorable reviews by critics.
At some point in time, The album has attracted comments on Morricone's experimental and innovative compositional style.
At some point in time, Morricone is known for his spare-sounding westerns.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance was conceived as a follow-up to Dagored releases Morricone 2000 and Morricone 2001.
At some point in time, Dagored abandoned the project of Crime and Dissonance.
At some point in time, Mike Patton of Ipecac Recordings decided to release Crime and Dissonance instead.
At some point in time, Morricone had no input in the project of Crime and Dissonance.
At some point in time, The track listing of Crime and Dissonance was assembled by Alan Bishop.
At some point in time, Alan Bishop had previously assembled the Morricone 2000 and Morricone 2001 collections.
At some point in time, All three compilations cover a roughly coterminous time period.
At some point in time, The time period of the compilations spans the late 1960s to the early 1980s.
At some point in time, The compilations concentrate primarily on the early 1970s.
At some point in time, Alan Bishop was given a list of films whose scores were available to use in the collection.
At some point in time, Alan Bishop set about compiling the two-disc set from the list of films.
At some point in time, The final song on the album, an eleven-minute section from the soundtrack to Un uomo da rispettare, was not included in the list of available material.
At some point in time, The project of Crime and Dissonance was delayed for some time.
At some point in time, Alan Bishop waited for record label Sugar Music to license the song.
At some point in time, Mike Patton has described his admiration for Morricone's writing.
At some point in time, Mike Patton feels that Morricone turned "what could be banal, surface-style pop into really deep, orchestrated, tense and compelling music."
At some point in time, Mike Patton considers Morricone to be one of his favorite composers.
At some point in time, Mike Patton wanted the compilation to serve as a fitting tribute to Morricone.
At some point in time, Mike Patton felt it was "imperative" for Crime and Dissonance to focus on Morricone's lesser-known work.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance had to compete with a large back catalogue of similar compilations.
At some point in time, Mike Patton and Alan Bishop focused on Morricone's more experimental work.
At some point in time, Mike Patton has compared Morricone's more experimental work to the music of Brazilian tropicália group Os Mutantes.
At some point in time, Mike Patton has praised Alan Bishop's work on the project.
At some point in time, Mike Patton called Alan Bishop "a big Morricone scholar."
At some point in time, Mike Patton has described Crime and Dissonance as one of the Ipecac releases he is most proud of.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance features liner notes written by composer John Zorn.
At some point in time, John Zorn had previously reinterpreted Morricone's work on the album The Big Gundown.
At some point in time, The album's title reflects the range of genres covered by the films whose scores have been included.
At some point in time, The collection gathers music from "horror, suspense, mafia, and period movies."
At some point in time, The collection includes several pieces taken from Dario Argento's giallo film L'ucello dalle piume di cristallo.
At some point in time, The album itself only lists the titles of the films.
At some point in time, The album omits the context in which the music was originally presented.
At some point in time, The album leaves the compositions to "speak for themselves."
At some point in time, All songs on Crime and Dissonance were written and composed by Ennio Morricone.
At some point in time, The song "Memento" was co-written by Morricone and Walter Bianchi.
At some point in time, The song "Il Buio" was co-written by Morricone and Bruno Nicolai.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance was released on October 18, 2005, through the Ipecac Recordings label.
At some point in time, Crime and Dissonance had previously been scheduled for release on September 6 of the same year.
At some point in time, The album has garnered mostly positive reviews from critics.
At some point in time, Thom Jurek rated the collection four-and-a-half stars out of five for Allrovi.
At some point in time, Thom Jurek called Crime and Dissonance "essential Morricone."
At some point in time, Thom Jurek felt that the album served to present "a much wider view of Morricone not only as a composer, but as a sonic experimentalist."
At some point in time, Joe Tangari of Pitchfork Media awarded the album a score of eight out of ten.
At some point in time, Joe Tangari described Crime and Dissonance as "a minor revelation."
At some point in time, Joe Tangari felt that the collection represented Morricone's most innovative period of work.
At some point in time, Joe Tangari praised Alan Bishop's compilation for its cohesion and flow.
At some point in time, Joshua Klein of The Washington Post described the album as featuring "bizarre soundscapes, discordant drones, proto-sampledelica, weird instruments, strange sounds and oddball voices."
At some point in time, Joshua Klein felt that the collection portrayed Morricone as a groundbreaking and confident composer.
At some point in time, Joshua Klein noted that Morricone eschewed his trademark spare-sounding scores to freely experiment.
At some point in time, Andy Battaglia of The A.V. Club rated the compilation an A−.
At some point in time, Andy Battaglia noted the dissimilarity of Crime and Dissonance to Morricone's more well-known work.
At some point in time, Andy Battaglia complimented the arrangement of the tracks in Crime and Dissonance.
At some point in time, Andy Battaglia felt that the tracks in Crime and Dissonance flowed into one another well.
At some point in time, Andy Battaglia noted the range of genres represented in Crime and Dissonance.
At some point in time, Danny Fasold of The Roanoke Times commented on the wide variety of styles the collection contains.
At some point in time, Danny Fasold added that the collection proves "Morricone always delivered something interesting."
At some point in time, Cameron Macdonald of Stylus Magazine rated the album an A−.
At some point in time, Cameron Macdonald found that the "kitsch" mass-market appeal of Morricone's better-known western scores made Crime and Dissonance a more "relevant" record.
At some point in time, Cameron Macdonald felt that the album's second disc was the weaker of the two.
At some point in time, Cameron Macdonald found that the "slapstick" nature of some pieces on the second disc seemed out of place.
At some point in time, Dave Gurney of Tiny Mix Tapes rated Crime and Dissonance three-and-a-half out of five.
At some point in time, Dave Gurney called Crime and Dissonance "a group of Morricone's most uncompromising works."
At some point in time, Dave Gurney questioned the target audience of the collection.
At some point in time, Dave Gurney believed that the collection would not likely appeal to casual listeners.
At some point in time, Dave Gurney believed that the collection did not present much new material for dedicated Morricone collectors.
At some point in time, An anonymous review for The Stranger described the album as proof that "there's much more to the maestro than his revered spaghetti-western work for Sergio Leone."
At some point in time, The anonymous review highlighted the range of genres present in the collection.
At some point in time, The anonymous review called the end result of the collection a "deluge of otherworldly, endlessly fascinating sounds."