At some point in time, Wrigley Square is a public square located in the northwest section of Millennium Park in the Historic Michigan Boulevard District of the Loop area of Chicago in Cook County, Illinois, United States.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square is located at the southeast corner of the intersection of East Randolph Street and North Michigan Avenue.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square contains the Millennium Monument.
At some point in time, the Millennium Monument is a nearly full-sized replica of the semicircle of paired Roman Doric-style columns that originally sat in this area of Grant Park.
At some point in time, the original columns sat in Grant Park between 1917 and 1953.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square contains a large lawn.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square contains a public fountain.
At some point in time, Grant Park has been Chicago's front yard since the mid-19th century.
At some point in time, the northwest corner of Grant Park is north of Monroe Street and the Art Institute.
At some point in time, the northwest corner of Grant Park is east of Michigan Avenue.
At some point in time, the northwest corner of Grant Park is south of Randolph Street.
At some point in time, the northwest corner of Grant Park is west of Columbus Drive.
At some point in time, the northwest corner of Grant Park had been Illinois Central rail yards and parking lots until 1997.
At some point in time, in 1997, the city made the northwest corner of Grant Park available for development as Millennium Park.
At some point in time, today, Millennium Park trails only Navy Pier as a Chicago tourist attraction.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square is a tree-lined section of Millennium Park with a large lawn.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square broadcasts free wifi wireless technology.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square has earned a reputation as an outdoor culture spot.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square hosts a wide range of cultural events such as local and international art and photography exhibitions.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square hosts occasional live musical performances.
At some point in time, the reputation of Wrigley Square is reminiscent of the earlier neo-classical meeting place.
At some point in time, Richard M. Daley was the Mayor of Chicago who dedicated Wrigley Square.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square was dedicated to the donors known as the Founders Group.
At some point in time, the Founders Group funded Millennium Park.
At some point in time, in 2005, Millennium Park was marked for updates and improvements.
At some point in time, benches were to be added to the 56 original benches in Millennium Park.
At some point in time, landscape architect Kathryn Gustafson designed 14 new 320-pound aluminum “Maggie benches” in Millennium Park.
At some point in time, the new benches were mostly placed in Wrigley Square.
At some point in time, the new benches were designed in honor of Mayor Daley's wife.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square was intended to serve as an exhibit space for outdoor sculpture.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square was intended to serve as a space for small cultural performances.
At some point in time, Christopher Perille is the vice president of the Wrigley Square Foundation.
At some point in time, the peristyle monument in Wrigley Square is in remembrance of the corporation, foundations, and individuals who made Millennium Park possible.
At some point in time, an architectural model of Wrigley Square and the Millennium Monument is on display at the Harold Washington Library Center.
At some point in time, the original peristyle was designed by renowned Chicago planner Edward H. Bennett in 1917.
At some point in time, Edward H. Bennett was Daniel Burnham's partner in the Plan of Chicago.
At some point in time, Edward H. Bennett was known for designing the nearby Buckingham Fountain.
At some point in time, the original peristyle was located in Grant Park in the same location as the current Wrigley Square.
At some point in time, the original peristyle rose to 40 feet (12.2 m).
At some point in time, the original peristyle had a diameter of 100 feet (30.5 m).
At some point in time, the original peristyle was made of concrete.
At some point in time, the original peristyle did not stand up to the Lake Michigan lakefront weather.
At some point in time, the original peristyle was razed in 1953.
At some point in time, the original peristyle was razed to make way for the Grant Park North Garage.
At some point in time, the original peristyle was on a promenade with balustrades.
At some point in time, the limestone replica peristyle rises to a height of nearly 40 feet (12.2 m).
At some point in time, one source says the columns of the replica peristyle were planned to rise to 36 feet (11.0 m).
At some point in time, the William Wrigley, Jr. Foundation contributed $5 million to the Millennium Monument.
At some point in time, the entire square cost $5 million to build.
At some point in time, the square was named in honor of the William Wrigley, Jr. Company.
At some point in time, the Millennium Monument is a tribute to the individual, corporate, and foundation benefactors of Millennium Park.
At some point in time, the pedestal of the peristyle is inscribed with the names of the 115 financial donors.
At some point in time, Oprah Winfrey is one of the 115 financial donors.
At some point in time, the 115 financial donors made 91 contributions of at least $1 million each.
At some point in time, the contributions of the 115 financial donors helped pay for Millennium Park.
At some point in time, the contributions of the 115 financial donors provide for the ongoing conservation of Millennium Park.
At some point in time, the design of the Millennium Monument is based on original drawings by Edward H. Bennett.
At some point in time, the original drawings by Edward H. Bennett were found in the Chicago Park District's archive.
At some point in time, the naming rights of the space belong to Wm. Wrigley Jr.
At some point in time, Wm. Wrigley Jr. created the world’s famous chewing gum.
At some point in time, Wrigley Company officials wanted to contribute to Millennium Park.
At some point in time, the historic aspect of the peristyle was attractive to Wrigley Company officials.
At some point in time, the original peristyle was constructed around the same time as the Wrigley Building.
At some point in time, the Wrigley Building is the corporate headquarters located a few blocks to the north of Wrigley Square.
At some point in time, the classical architectural styles of the original peristyle and the Wrigley Building are similar.
At some point in time, the 24 paired, fluted columns of the replica peristyle are the same height as the original peristyle.
At some point in time, the structure of the replica peristyle was scaled down to an 80-foot (24.4 m) diameter.
At some point in time, the structure of the replica peristyle was scaled down to accommodate the accessible ramp that runs behind the monument.
At some point in time, each of the limestone columns of the replica peristyle is cut from an Indiana quarry.
At some point in time, each of the limestone columns of the replica peristyle is made of five 2,200-pound (997.9 kg; 157.1 st) sections.
At some point in time, each of the limestone columns of the replica peristyle is reinforced by steel rods and plates.
At some point in time, the fountain in front of the replica peristyle is a bronze-cast replica of the finials that adorn the Wrigley Building.
At some point in time, the brass spout of the fountain was made from a mold of a terra cotta finial on the Wrigley Building.
At some point in time, the front of the replica peristyle has a dedication plaque.
At some point in time, the reverse side of the replica peristyle has a special plaque commemorating John H. Bryan's contribution.
At some point in time, John H. Bryan was the head of fundraising for Millennium Park.
At some point in time, the original model of the Millennium Monument was the starting point of the Peristyle appearance in Chicago.
At some point in time, the new monument is said to not compare to the once “commanding presence” that stood in its place.
At some point in time, the original peristyle was demolished and replaced with an underground parking garage.
At some point in time, the new monument was downsized by approximately 15% to accommodate a wheelchair ramp for the disabled.
At some point in time, the new monument incorporates a fountain at the base of the limestone, Doric, column monument.
At some point in time, the new monument is relatively small in comparison to the rest of Grant Park.
At some point in time, the new monument makes its presence known as the central focus to shape Wrigley Square and the surrounding landscape.
At some point in time, Wrigley Square is unique for its fountain.
At some point in time, the fountain in Wrigley Square remains open with a circular ledge.
At some point in time, the circular ledge of the fountain allows park-goers the freedom to sit next to the open water.
At some point in time, park-goers can enjoy the atmosphere next to the open water in Wrigley Square.