At some point in time, Gyles v Wilcox was a decision of the Court of Chancery of England.
At some point in time, Gyles v Wilcox established the doctrine of fair abridgement.
At some point in time, the doctrine of fair abridgement later evolved into the concept of fair use.
At some point in time, the case was heard by Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke.
At some point in time, Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke, wrote the opinion for the case.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles was a bookseller.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles published a copy of Matthew Hale's Pleas of the Crown.
At some point in time, publishers Wilcox and Nutt hired a writer named Barrow to abridge the book.
At some point in time, Barrow repackaged the abridged book as Modern Crown Law.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles sued for a stay on the publication of Modern Crown Law.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles claimed his rights under the Statute of Anne had been infringed.
At some point in time, the main issues in the case were whether abridgements constituted copyright infringement.
At some point in time, the main issues in the case were whether abridgements could qualify as a separate, new work.
At some point in time, Lord Hardwicke ruled that abridgements fell under two categories.
At some point in time, the two categories of abridgements are "true abridgements" and "coloured shortenings."
At some point in time, true abridgements presented a true effort on the part of the editor.
At some point in time, true abridgements constituted a new work.
At some point in time, true abridgements did not infringe upon the copyright of the original.
At some point in time, Lord Hardwicke ruled that Modern Crown Law was not a true abridgement.
At some point in time, Lord Hardwicke ruled that Modern Crown Law was merely a duplication intending to circumvent the law.
At some point in time, the case set a legal precedent that has shaped copyright law to the present day.
At some point in time, the case established the common law doctrine of fair abridgement.
At some point in time, the common law doctrine of fair abridgement was cited in other cases.
At some point in time, the common law doctrine of fair abridgement built up to the idea of fair use.
At some point in time, the opinion recognised the author's right to a work through the nature of the labour it took to produce it.
At some point in time, the opinion shifted copyright away from publishing rights.
At some point in time, the opinion shifted copyright towards the idea of serving the greater good.
At some point in time, the opinion aimed to encourage the production of new, useful works.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles had previously published a book entitled Matthew Hale's Pleas of the Crown.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles purchased the exclusive publishing rights for Matthew Hale's Pleas of the Crown.
At some point in time, publishers Wilcox and Nutt paid Barrow to abridge Matthew Hale's Pleas of the Crown.
At some point in time, Wilcox and Nutt circulated the abridged book under the title Modern Crown Law.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles alleged that Modern Crown Law was a near verbatim copy of his publication.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles claimed that Modern Crown Law had only minor alterations.
At some point in time, the minor alterations in Modern Crown Law included the translation of Latin and French passages into English.
At some point in time, the minor alterations in Modern Crown Law included cutting old, obsolete laws.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles sought to protect his printing rights.
At some point in time, Fletcher Gyles sued Wilcox, Nutt, and Barrow for a stay on the publication.
At some point in time, the case involved whether Wilcox, Barrow, and Nutt had violated Gyles' publishing rights.
At some point in time, Gyles' publishing rights were defined under the Statute of Anne.
At some point in time, the Statute of Anne stated that an author or purchaser of an author's copyrights shall have the sole liberty of printing and reprinting such book for the term of fourteen years.
At some point in time, Philip Yorke, 1st Earl of Hardwicke, presided over the case.
At some point in time, Browning was Gyles' attorney.
At some point in time, Browning cited a case that had appeared before Hardwicke, that of Read v Hodges.
At some point in time, in Read v Hodges, a publisher attempted to circumvent the rights of the author of Czar Peter the Great.
At some point in time, the publisher in Read v Hodges included all three volumes in one and cut several pages.
At some point in time, Hardwicke rejected the argument in Read v Hodges.
At some point in time, Hardwicke declared that the former case had been decided merely on a motion.
At some point in time, Hardwicke stated he had given his decision and statements without the thought he would have given a normal hearing.
At some point in time, Hardwicke took contention with the Attorney General for England and Wales' assertion.
At some point in time, the Attorney General for England and Wales asserted that the Statute of Anne provided a publishing monopoly.
At some point in time, Hardwicke interpreted the Statute of Anne as one meant to promote public education.
At some point in time, Hardwicke interpreted the Statute of Anne as one meant to promote the public good.
At some point in time, the main question of the case became which "any such book or books" the Statute of Anne referred to and protected.
At some point in time, the defendants argued that the abridgement must be considered separate from the original work published by Gyles.
At some point in time, the defendants' lawyers pushed the court to try the case as if the abridgement had been recorded in the Stationers' Register.
At some point in time, recording the abridgement in the Stationers' Register would have given Wilcox and Nutt the right to publish their book.
At some point in time, the lawsuit brought against Wilcox and Nutt would have been for a second, unique book.
At some point in time, the only question before the court was whether the second book differentiated sufficiently from the first.
At some point in time, the attorneys for the defendants argued that the book was not a direct transcription.
At some point in time, the attorneys for the defendants argued that several chapters had been omitted from the abridgement.
At some point in time, the attorneys for the defendants argued that original sections had been added to the Wilcox and Nutt publication.
At some point in time, the Gyles publication consisted of 275 sheets.
At some point in time, the abridgement contained only 35 sheets.
At some point in time, the opinion written by Hardwicke found that a true abridgement of a published book may be considered an entirely separate, new work.
At some point in time, the true abridgement showed the labour, originality, education, and judgement of the editor.
At some point in time, the new book did not run the risk of infringing the rights of the author or bookseller who owned the publishing rights.
At some point in time, Lord Hardwicke drew a distinction between works "fairly made" and those "colourably shortened."
At some point in time, Hardwicke refused to compare the books himself.
At some point in time, Hardwicke refused to determine whether Modern Crown Law was a fair abridgement.
At some point in time, Hardwicke refused to force a judge and jury to sit and hear both books read.
At some point in time, Hardwicke opted to have two legal experts and a literary master read the books.
At some point in time, the parties were allowed to choose the examiners.
At some point in time, the case was left to arbitration.
At some point in time, the parties were given a chance to make amends outside of court for a week.
At some point in time, the book in question was ruled a colourable shortening.
At some point in time, the book in question was created only to circumvent the law.
At some point in time, the book in question was an infringement of Gyles' printing rights.
At some point in time, Hartwicke went counter to the prevailing view that the Statute of Anne should be interpreted very strictly.
At some point in time, Hartwicke proclaimed that the Statute of Anne ought to receive a liberal construction.
At some point in time, Hartwicke stated that the Statute of Anne is intended to secure the property of books in the authors themselves.
At some point in time, Hartwicke stated that the Statute of Anne is intended to secure the property of books in the purchasers of the copy.
At some point in time, Hartwicke stated that the Statute of Anne is intended as recompense for the pains and labour in such works.
At some point in time, the case established the doctrine of fair abridgement.
At some point in time, the doctrine of fair abridgement allowed that abridgements displaying a fair amount of labour on the part of the editor could not be copyright violations.
At some point in time, the doctrine of fair abridgement raised the abridger to the level of an author.
At some point in time, the decision did not define the exact parameters that would qualify a work as a valid abridgement.
At some point in time, the distinction of valid abridgement came with a later case involving an abridgement of Hawksworth's Voyages.
At some point in time, the later case was decided by Lord Chancellor Apsley.
At some point in time, the concept of fair abridgement evolved through common law.
At some point in time, the concept of fair abridgement was initiated from Gyles v Wilcox.
At some point in time, the concept of fair abridgement evolved into the current concept of fair use.
At some point in time, Hardwicke's decision added the exercise of personal judgement to the list of admissible defences against copyright infringement.
At some point in time, Hardwicke's decision added to the growing case law establishing that British copyright would be based on labour.
At some point in time, British copyright would not be based on originality.
At some point in time, the opinion advanced the position that copyright law should serve the public interest.
At some point in time, copyright law should promote the creation of new educational and useful works.
At some point in time, copyright law should not focus on publishing rights.
At some point in time, the case played a significant role in the development of English copyright law.
At some point in time, the United States federal courts have cited the case as recently as the 1980s.