At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith is an American writer.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith is a staff member at Bungie.
At some point in time, Bungie is a video game development company.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith is a former video games journalist.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith wrote for a college newspaper in Michigan.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith wrote for weekly papers in Michigan.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith was one of the first new freelance writers for Kotaku.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith developed his writing style at Kotaku.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith left Kotaku for a staff position at 1UP.com.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith was the news editor at 1UP.com.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith made a name for himself at 1UP.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith wrote an article focusing on problems with the game Halo 2.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith was known for his direct approach to game journalism.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith was known for his scathing criticism of the video game industry.
At some point in time, 1UP developed a greater profile during Luke Michael Smith's tenure.
At some point in time, 1UP stepped out of its sister publication's shadow during Luke Michael Smith's tenure.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith grew frustrated with the contemporary state of gaming news.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith considered the manipulation of journalists and readers as a problem.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith left 1UP in April 2007.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith became a Bungie writer in April 2007.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith became a co-host of Bungie's podcast in April 2007.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith gradually entered into game journalism while working on an English Literature degree.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith wrote about media in the college newspaper at the University of Michigan.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith worked for weekly papers in Dearborn, Michigan.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith worked for weekly papers in Detroit, Michigan.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith worked for Real Detroit Weekly.
At some point in time, Clive Thompson interacted with Luke Michael Smith over AOL Instant Messenger.
At some point in time, Clive Thompson recommended Luke Michael Smith to Kotaku.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith credits his time at Kotaku for helping him develop his style.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith learned about attribution and citing sources at Kotaku.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith left Kotaku after a short period of time.
At some point in time, stories on Kotaku were unsigned at the time Luke Michael Smith worked there.
At some point in time, Kotaku was like the Brian Crecente vision at the time Luke Michael Smith worked there.
At some point in time, if Luke Michael Smith posted something, people thought Brian Crecente did it.
At some point in time, there was no health insurance at Kotaku.
At some point in time, Kotaku was just full-time freelance at the time Luke Michael Smith worked there.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith served as the news editor for 1UP.com.
At some point in time, 1UP.com was the sister site to the now-defunct magazine Electronic Gaming Monthly.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith wrote extensively about the Halo video game franchise at 1UP.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith was considered a leading fan voice for the Halo video game franchise.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith declared Halo was the only game series he cared about in one article.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith wrote a feature story for 1UP in 2005 called "Broken Halo."
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith explained how developer Bungie could fix problems with Halo in "Broken Halo."
At some point in time, Brian Crecente said the article "Broken Halo" put Luke Michael Smith "on the map."
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith became one of the panelists of the 1UP Yours show.
At some point in time, 1UP Yours was a weekly video games podcast featuring gaming editors and experts.
At some point in time, Edge named Luke Michael Smith one of gaming's top 50 journalists in 2006.
At some point in time, Play.d magazine credited Luke Michael Smith with inspiring gamers to learn more about the game industry.
At some point in time, Play.d magazine credited Luke Michael Smith with not accepting company promotion.
At some point in time, Play.d magazine credited Luke Michael Smith with turning 1UP into an important part of the Ziff Davis Internet company's gaming network.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith's style has been described as a "robust, direct approach" to journalism.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith is known for his scathing attacks on the video game industry.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith felt disheartened by the state of game journalism.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith said video game journalism is just weird.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith said some game journalists are married to women in marketing for the games they cover.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith said video game journalism is still very young.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith said video game journalism is still trying to find out what it is.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith said game journalists were treated by developers as another part of the PR plan.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith said developers send out information to journalists.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith said journalists "regurgitate" information sent by developers.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith felt that gamers had become used to the sort of information sent by developers.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith said "We have to be responsible for our actions and held accountable when we manipulate the expectations of gamers."
At some point in time, Bungie contacted Luke Michael Smith about employment while he was at 1UP.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith sent his resume to Bungie.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith stopped writing about Bungie and Microsoft to avoid a conflict of interest.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith accepted a job offer from Bungie a month after applying.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith announced on a 1UP podcast he was leaving the site to work for Bungie in April 2007.
At some point in time, reactions to Luke Michael Smith's announcement varied.
At some point in time, some people were happy to see Luke Michael Smith leave 1UP.
At some point in time, some people were sad to see Luke Michael Smith leave 1UP.
At some point in time, some people felt Luke Michael Smith had "sold out."
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith joined other former game journalists who left to work for game companies.
At some point in time, Che Chou joined Microsoft Game Studios after leaving 1UP.
At some point in time, Greg Kasavin became an associate producer for Electronic Arts after leaving GameSpot.
At some point in time, Bungie staff hinted that Luke Michael Smith might play a role in the developer's podcast.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith officially began work at Bungie on May 7, 2007.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith worked as content editor at Bungie.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith provided fans and the Bungie readership with information about Bungie's game and staff.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith believed there was a special opportunity for game developers.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith believed someone could come in and tell the stories that people want to know.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith believed his position could get rid of the middle two bridges between developer and reader.
At some point in time, Bungie had historically been good at letting fans interact via forums.
At some point in time, Bungie provided updates and artwork via their site, Bungie.net.
At some point in time, Bungie's releases had a "corporate and muted tone" historically.
At some point in time, Bungie made less effort at providing access to the inner workings of the game studio historically.
At some point in time, Bungie took steps to allow fans more say as part of a change to become more transparent.
At some point in time, Bungie recruited respected voices from the community as part of a change to become more transparent.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith is credited as a writer on Halo 3.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith hosted Bungie's podcast show along with co-host Brian Jarrard.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith said Bungie was focusing on getting listeners and fans familiar with different faces at Bungie studios.
At some point in time, Bungie's podcast features Bungie news and interviews with staff members about their jobs.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith had the title of "Bungie Community Manager" at Bungie.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith gave interviews with the press about Bungie's recent products.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith worked on player investment for Halo: Reach.
At some point in time, Luke Michael Smith worked as design lead on Bungie's 2014 video game Destiny.