At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena was the tenth named storm of the 2003 Pacific hurricane season.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena was the second hurricane of the 2003 Pacific hurricane season.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena formed on August 28, 2003, in the far Eastern Pacific Ocean.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena formed as a tropical depression.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena moved westward after forming.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena rapidly became a hurricane on August 29, 2003.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena moved westward into the Central Pacific Ocean.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena became a Category 2 hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena reached its peak strength as a Category 2 hurricane.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena began to weaken due to increasing wind shear.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena brushed past the Hawaiian Islands.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena became a tropical depression on September 3, 2003.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena crossed the international dateline.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena dissipated on September 5, 2003.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena was one of the few storms to cross both 140ºW and the International Date Line.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena was the first Pacific hurricane to threaten Hawaii since Hurricane Daniel of the 2000 Pacific hurricane season.
At some point in time, the storm weakened as it passed south of the Hawaiian Islands.
At some point in time, the effects from Hurricane Jimena were minimal.
At some point in time, there were no reported fatalities from Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, there were no reported injuries from Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, an area of disturbed weather formed on August 26, 2003.
At some point in time, the area of disturbed weather drifted westward.
At some point in time, the disturbed weather began to organize.
At some point in time, the system became a tropical depression on August 28, 2003.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Ten-E rapidly strengthened into a tropical storm.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center named the tropical storm Jimena.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena continued to intensify as it moved westward.
At some point in time, on August 29, 2003, satellite imagery showed a well-defined eye developing in Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, the storm winds of Hurricane Jimena increased to 60 mph (97 km/h) on August 29, 2003.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena was upgraded to hurricane status on August 29, 2003.
At some point in time, at 1500 UTC on August 29, 2003, visible satellite imagery showed the storm having a small cloud-filled eye.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena developed banding features south of the storm's center.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena continued to move west-northwest.
At some point in time, as Hurricane Jimena neared the Central Pacific Basin, its winds reached a peak intensity of 105 mph (165 km/h).
At some point in time, the barometric pressure of Hurricane Jimena fell to 970 millibars on August 30, 2003.
At some point in time, at 0600 UTC on August 30, 2003, the National Hurricane Center issued its last advisory on Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena crossed into the Central Pacific Hurricane Center's area of responsibility on August 30, 2003.
At some point in time, on August 31, 2003, Hurricane Jimena encountered strong southerly wind shear.
At some point in time, the strong southerly wind shear caused Hurricane Jimena to quickly weaken back to a tropical storm by September 1, 2003.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena turned west-southwest.
At some point in time, the center of Hurricane Jimena passed 105 miles (165 km) south of Hawaii at 1500 UTC on September 1, 2003.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena continued to weaken as wind shear increased.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena weakened to a tropical depression on September 3, 2003.
At some point in time, after weakening back to a depression, Hurricane Jimena crossed the International Date Line on September 5, 2003, at 0600 UTC.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena became the first storm to exist in all three Pacific basins since 1999's Hurricane Dora.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena was only tracked briefly by the Joint Typhoon Warning Center.
At some point in time, strong wind shear resulted in the low-level circulation of Hurricane Jimena being exposed from the center.
At some point in time, at 1727 UTC on September 5, 2003, the low-level circulation of Hurricane Jimena had nearly dissipated.
At some point in time, at 1800 UTC on September 5, 2003, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center issued their final advisory on Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena dissipated 715 miles (1151 km) southeast of Wake Island.
At some point in time, forecasters at the Central Pacific Hurricane Center began issuing a Hurricane Watch for the Big Island of Hawaii on August 31, 2003, at 0000 UTC.
At some point in time, the Central Pacific Hurricane Center issued a tropical storm warning on September 1, 2003, at 0300 UTC.
At some point in time, the Central Pacific Hurricane Center issued a flash flood watch on September 1, 2003.
At some point in time, the watches and warnings prompted residents to board up windows.
At some point in time, the watches and warnings prompted residents to stock up on emergency supplies.
At some point in time, the storm's approach closed down beaches.
At some point in time, the storm's approach prompted officials to cancel outdoor activities as a precaution.
At some point in time, the American Red Cross opened shelters.
At some point in time, the American Red Cross provided emergency services.
At some point in time, the preparations for Hurricane Jimena cost the American Red Cross $5,000 (2003 USD).
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena brought high winds to the Big Island of Hawaii.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena brought heavy rainfall to the Big Island of Hawaii.
At some point in time, high wind gusts of 53-58 mph (85-93 km/h) were reported in South Point and Kahoolawe.
At some point in time, a weather station in Honolulu reported winds of 36 mph (58 km/h).
At some point in time, a weather station in Kauai reported winds of 22 mph (35 km/h).
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena dropped 6-10 inches of rain across the Big Island.
At some point in time, Hurricane Jimena dropped 8.43 inches (214 mm) of rain in Glenwood, Hawaii.
At some point in time, the rainfall from Hurricane Jimena helped reduce drought conditions across the Big Island.
At some point in time, coastal sections of the Hawaiian Islands reported high surf ranging from 11 to 15 feet (3 to 5 meters) high.
At some point in time, high winds from Hurricane Jimena knocked down trees.
At some point in time, high winds from Hurricane Jimena damaged power lines.
At some point in time, high winds from Hurricane Jimena left 1,300 residents without electricity.
At some point in time, heavy rainfall from Hurricane Jimena caused minor flooding on the eastern side of the Big Island.
At some point in time, high surf and strong currents brought by Hurricane Jimena resulted in 350 swimmers being rescued.
At some point in time, the United States Coast Guard rescued swimmers during Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, residents rescued swimmers during Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, state and local police and fire departments rescued swimmers during Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, overall, there were no fatalities from Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, overall, there were no injuries from Hurricane Jimena.
At some point in time, the name Jimena was not retired by the World Meteorological Organization in the spring of 2004.
At some point in time, the name Jimena was used in the 2009 hurricane season.