At some point in time, Njai Dasima is a 1932 film from the Dutch East Indies.
Njai Dasima is now known as Indonesia.
At some point in time, Bachtiar Effendi directed Njai Dasima for Tan's Film.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima is the second film adapted from G. Francis' 1896 novel Tjerita Njai Dasima.
At some point in time, a silent version of Tjerita Njai Dasima was released in 1929.
At some point in time, Momo starred in Njai Dasima.
At some point in time, Oesman starred in Njai Dasima.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima follows a young Sundanese njai.
At some point in time, the young Sundanese njai is tricked into marrying a man who does not love her.
At some point in time, the young Sundanese njai is ultimately killed for her money.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima is the first talkie produced by Tan's Film.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima is the first film directed by a native Indonesian.
At some point in time, the now-lost work received mixed critical reception.
At some point in time, Dasima is a njai for the Englishman Edward William.
At some point in time, Dasima and Edward William have a daughter named Nancy.
At some point in time, Dasima and Edward William live in a home near Gambir Square in Batavia.
Batavia is now known as Jakarta.
At some point in time, Dasima's happy life is disturbed after the delman driver Samioen falls in love with Dasima.
At some point in time, Samioen is already married to Hajati.
At some point in time, Samioen attempts to use magic to win Dasima's heart.
At some point in time, Samioen asks an egg merchant named Mak Boejoeng to frighten Dasima.
At some point in time, Mak Boejoeng tells Dasima that she has committed the sin of zina.
At some point in time, Samioen eventually succeeds in winning Dasima's heart.
At some point in time, Dasima goes to live with Samioen and Hajati.
At some point in time, Dasima takes her gold and jewels when she goes to live with Samioen and Hajati.
At some point in time, Hajati has agreed to let Samioen take a second wife.
At some point in time, Hajati wants Dasima's money for gambling.
At some point in time, Dasima realizes that she has been tricked.
At some point in time, Dasima begins to keep a close eye on her remaining wealth.
At some point in time, Samioen calls the thug Poeasa to help him take all of Dasima's remaining funds.
At some point in time, Samioen and Poeasa plan to kill Dasima.
At some point in time, Samioen and Poeasa accost Dasima one night.
At some point in time, Samioen and Poeasa kill Dasima.
At some point in time, Samioen and Poeasa throw Dasima's body off a bridge.
At some point in time, Samioen and Poeasa are later caught for their crime.
At some point in time, Samioen and Poeasa are sentenced to hang for their crime.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima was directed by Bachtiar Effendi for Tan's Film.
At some point in time, Tan's Film is a production company owned by the Tan brothers.
At some point in time, Bachtiar Effendi became the first native Indonesian film director in the Indies.
At some point in time, the story of Njai Dasima was adapted from G. Francis' 1896 novel Tjerita Njai Dasima.
At some point in time, Tan's Film had already adapted Tjerita Njai Dasima in 1929.
At some point in time, the story of Tjerita Njai Dasima was well known in Batavia.
At some point in time, the story was popular among stage performers.
At some point in time, Effendi worked with a scenario and shooting script for Njai Dasima.
At some point in time, the scenario and shooting script had never been used for a domestic production until Njai Dasima.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima is the first sound film released by Tan's Film.
At some point in time, the earliest sound films released in the Indies were Fox Movietone Follies of 1929 and The Rainbow Man.
At some point in time, Fox Movietone Follies of 1929 and The Rainbow Man were both shown in 1929.
At some point in time, a domestic part-talkie named G. Krugers' Karnadi Anemer Bangkong was released the following year.
At some point in time, Karnadi Anemer Bangkong became the first domestic sound film.
At some point in time, two other directors followed with full-talkies in 1931.
At some point in time, The Teng Chun directed Boenga Roos dari Tjikembang.
At some point in time, The Wong brothers directed Indonesia Malaise.
At some point in time, Tan's Film hired Krugers and his single-system camera for cinematography and sound direction.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima is a black-and-white film.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima was released in January 1932.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima was advertised as a "speaking, singing, dancing, and music talkie."
At some point in time, Njai Dasima was open to audiences of all ages.
At some point in time, Njai Dasima was open to children.
At some point in time, critical reviews of Njai Dasima were mixed.
At some point in time, one newspaper editorial noted that pamphlets described Njai Dasima as "a hundred times better than Huwen op Bevel."
At some point in time, the newspaper editorial was scornful of the claim about Njai Dasima.
At some point in time, the newspaper editorial stated that the claim had very little validity.
At some point in time, the quality of native films so far are described as rubbish in the newspaper editorial.
At some point in time, the review indicated numerous shortcomings in the selection of music.
At some point in time, the review indicated shortcomings in the cinematography.
At some point in time, the review concluded that Njai Dasima represented progress overall.
At some point in time, the review praised the actor who played Poeasa.
At some point in time, the review noted a distinct lack of scenes unrelated to the plot in Njai Dasima.
At some point in time, Armijn Pane wrote a reflective review of Njai Dasima in 1950.
At some point in time, Armijn Pane wrote that the quality of Njai Dasima was overall quite good.
At some point in time, Bachtiar Effendi did not direct another film until 1951.
At some point in time, Bachtiar Effendi directed Djiwa Pemuda in 1951.
At some point in time, Andjar Asmara began his career as a native film director in 1940.
At some point in time, Andjar Asmara directed Kartinah in 1940.
At some point in time, Tan's Film shut down production soon after Njai Dasima's release.
At some point in time, Tan's Film was eventually reestablished in 1938.
At some point in time, Tan's Film was permanently shut down in 1942.
At some point in time, Tan's Film was permanently shut down due to the Japanese occupation of the Indies.
At some point in time, the film Njai Dasima is likely lost.
At some point in time, Karl G. Heider writes that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost.
At some point in time, JB Kristanto's Katalog Film Indonesia records several Indonesian films as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia's archives.
At some point in time, Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service.