At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase is a platform video game.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was developed and published by Kemco.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was developed for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was released in North America in September 1994.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was released in Japan on October 21, 1994.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was released in Europe in 1994.
At some point in time, the game features Kid Klown as the player character.
At some point in time, Kid Klown is tasked with rescuing Princess Honey from the villain Black Jack.
At some point in time, players view gameplay from an isometric perspective.
At some point in time, Kid Klown pursues a lit fuse to stop it from reaching a spade bomb.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was re-released for the Game Boy Advance.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance re-release features 11 new levels.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance re-release includes four mini-games.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance re-release includes a multi-player mode.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance re-release was released in Europe in October 2002.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance re-release was released in North America in October 2002.
At some point in time, a release of the Game Boy Advance version in Japan was planned but ultimately canceled.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase received mixed reception from critics.
At some point in time, critics found Kid Klown in Crazy Chase to be inferior to other games of its type.
At some point in time, players control Kid Klown as he attempts to rescue Princess Honey.
At some point in time, the game's graphics are presented in an isometric view.
At some point in time, Kid Klown automatically moves down a path to thwart Black Jack's plans.
At some point in time, Kid Klown's collision with various obstacles causes him to slow down.
At some point in time, if Kid Klown does not make it to the bomb in time, the level is lost.
At some point in time, if Kid Klown is hit too many times, the level is lost.
At some point in time, the game consists of 5 stages.
At some point in time, in each stage, Kid Klown must find all 4 card suit orbs.
At some point in time, in each stage, Kid Klown must stop the bomb to complete the level.
At some point in time, at the end of each stage, Kid Klown gets a key.
At some point in time, the key could be of use to unlock Honey's cage.
At some point in time, if the player gets all 4 orbs in the very first turn, Kid Klown also gets a Honey heart.
At some point in time, after the fifth stage, Kid Klown must find the correct lock out of the 10 locks.
At some point in time, the correct lock is used to unlock Honey's cage.
At some point in time, there are 3 endings to the game.
At some point in time, the Good Ending occurs when the player has collected all five Honey hearts and saved Honey.
At some point in time, the Average Ending occurs when the player saved Honey but did not get all five Honey hearts.
At some point in time, the Bad Ending occurs when the player failed to save Honey.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance re-release added 11 new levels.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance re-release added four unlockable mini-games.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance re-release added a multi-player mode.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was developed and published by Kemco for the Super NES.
At some point in time, the Super NES version was first released in Europe in 1994.
At some point in time, the Super NES version was first released in North America in September 1994.
At some point in time, the Super NES version was first released in Japan on October 21, 1994.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance re-release was released on October 21 and 23, 2002, in Europe and North America, respectively.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance version was first revealed at E3 2001.
At some point in time, Kemco commented that the current build of the Game Boy Advance version was 60% complete.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance version was planned to be released in Summer 2001 for Japan.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance version was planned to be released in November 2001 for North America.
At some point in time, both releases of Kid Klown in Crazy Chase were delayed several times.
At some point in time, the Japanese version of Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was ultimately canceled.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was featured at both E3 2002 and the 2002 Tokyo Game Show.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase received mixed reception.
At some point in time, Kid Klown in Crazy Chase holds an aggregate score of 64.17% on Game Rankings based on three reviews.
At some point in time, author Andy Slaven wrote that the only problem with Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was its "strange" three-quarter perspective.
At some point in time, Nintendo Power gave Kid Klown in Crazy Chase a score of 3.375 out of 5.
At some point in time, Electronic Gaming Monthly gave Kid Klown in Crazy Chase a score of 7.6 out of 10.
At some point in time, Electronic Gaming Monthly summarized that Kid Klown in Crazy Chase requires a lot of skill and technique.
At some point in time, Electronic Gaming Monthly stated that the various antics and animations in Kid Klown in Crazy Chase are incredibly lifelike.
At some point in time, IGN called the Super NES version of Kid Klown in Crazy Chase overlooked.
At some point in time, IGN described Kid Klown in Crazy Chase as a "zany" game.
At some point in time, IGN stated that Kid Klown in Crazy Chase boasts stellar colors.
At some point in time, IGN stated that Kid Klown in Crazy Chase features really frantic animation.
At some point in time, Eurogamer's Tom Bramwell described the video game J.J. & Jeff as a "poor man's Plok / Kid Klown in Crazy Chase / Putty Quest / etc."
At some point in time, Edge compared Let’s Tap to Kid Klown in Crazy Chase due to similar challenges found in Let’s Tap's multi-player mode.
At some point in time, Nintendo Life's Andrew Donaldson commented that Kid Klown in Crazy Chase is not a bad game.
At some point in time, Andrew Donaldson stated that there is no reason to play Kid Klown in Crazy Chase due to a lack of levels.
At some point in time, Andrew Donaldson stated that there is an abundance of games that do what Kid Klown in Crazy Chase does better.
At some point in time, the Game Boy Advance version of Kid Klown in Crazy Chase was met with similar reception.
At some point in time, Nintendo Power gave the Game Boy Advance version a score of 3.2 out of 5.
At some point in time, the score of the Game Boy Advance version is lower than the Super NES version's score.
At some point in time, IGN noted that the Game Boy Advance version gave both good and bad impressions about Kemco's abilities to port SNES to the handheld.
At some point in time, IGN stated that the multi-player mode will get the Game Boy Advance version its "dues."
At some point in time, IGN criticized the early build of Crazy Chase due to stiff controls.
At some point in time, IGN criticized the early build of Crazy Chase due to delayed jump.
At some point in time, IGN criticized the animation of the Game Boy Advance version for being less fluid than the Super NES version's.
At some point in time, GamePro's Fennec Fox called the Super NES game "semi-obscure."
At some point in time, GamePro writer DJ Dinobot criticized the Game Boy Advance's preview build for Crazy Chase for its controls.
At some point in time, DJ Dinobot stated that the controls of the Game Boy Advance version were "harder to steer than a 1976 Pinto with a flat tire."