At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge is a turn-based strategy video game developed by Personal Software Services.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge was published by Personal Software Services.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge was released exclusively in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge was released for the ZX Spectrum.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge was released for the Amstrad CPC.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge was released for the Commodore 64.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge was released in 1987.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge is the ninth instalment of the Strategic Wargames series.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge is set during the landings in Normandy on D-Day in the Second World War.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge revolves around the British 6th Airborne Division's attempts to secure a bridge over the Caen Canal.
At some point in time, Alan Steel designed Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, Alan Steel developed all of the games in the Strategic Wargames series.
At some point in time, the player can assume control of either British forces or German forces in Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, gameplay of Pegasus Bridge focuses on British forces securing various locations in Normandy.
At some point in time, gameplay of Pegasus Bridge focuses on German forces defending the area from the attacking British.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge received mixed reviews upon release.
At some point in time, praise was directed at the "attractive" graphics of Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, a major bug was discovered during one reviewer's initial testing of Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, the major bug caused Pegasus Bridge to crash.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge revolves around the British 6th Airborne Division's attempts to secure Bénouville Bridge.
At some point in time, Bénouville Bridge was later renamed Pegasus Bridge in honour of the battle.
The Normandy landings occurred on 5 June 1944.
At some point in time, the player is able to command either the British side or the German side in the game.
At some point in time, British units will not appear on the map at the beginning of the game.
At some point in time, the British 6th Airborne Division have not yet made their parachute drops at the beginning of the game.
At some point in time, German forces are distributed around the four far corners of the map.
At some point in time, a few German units are positioned near Bénouville Bridge.
At some point in time, if playing as the British, the objective is to defeat all German forces.
At some point in time, if playing as the British, the objective is to secure all bridges in the area.
At some point in time, the capture or destruction of the Merville Battery is the ultimate goal if playing as the British.
At some point in time, if playing as the Germans, the only objective is to hold off all British attacks for 18 hours.
At some point in time, holding off all British attacks for 18 hours is equivalent to 36 in-game turns.
At some point in time, Pegasus Bridge features ten different types of terrain.
At some point in time, the terrain affects the movement of the troops.
At some point in time, the terrain affects the defensibility of certain areas.
At some point in time, if units are situated in towns or woodland areas, their attacks will be less effective.
At some point in time, high wind speeds will render British parachuting troops temporarily ineffective.
At some point in time, units on the map are presented as small squares.
At some point in time, units can be stacked together to increase defence.
At some point in time, British forces may destroy various bridges throughout the game.
At some point in time, certain bridges must be preserved in order to win the game.
At some point in time, certain bridges include those over the Caen Canal.
At some point in time, certain bridges include those over the Orne river.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was founded in Coventry, England.
At some point in time, Gary Mays founded Personal Software Services.
At some point in time, Richard Cockayne founded Personal Software Services.
Personal Software Services was founded in November 1981.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was known for creating games that revolved around historic war battles and conflicts.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services created the game Theatre Europe.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services created the game Bismarck.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services created the game Falklands '82.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services had a partnership with ERE Informatique.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services published localised versions of ERE Informatique's products to the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, the Strategic Wargames series was conceptualised by Alan Steel in 1984.
At some point in time, Alan Steel would often research the topic of the upcoming game during development.
At some point in time, Alan Steel passed on the findings to other associates in Coventry and London.
At some point in time, in 1983, Personal Software Services received recognition for being "one of the top software houses" in the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was a finalist for BBC Radio 4's New Business Enterprise Award in 1983.
At some point in time, in 1986, Richard Cockayne decided to alter their products for release on 16-bit consoles.
At some point in time, Richard Cockayne found that smaller 8-bit consoles lacked the processing power for larger strategy games.
At some point in time, the decision to alter products was falsely interpreted as "pulling out" from the Spectrum market.
At some point in time, Phillipa Irving is a video game journalist.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services experienced financial difficulties after years of successful sales throughout the mid-1980s.
At some point in time, Richard Cockayne admitted in a retrospective interview that he took his eye off the ball.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was acquired by Mirrorsoft in February 1987.
At some point in time, Personal Software Services was later dispossessed by Mirrorsoft due to strains of debt.
At some point in time, Owen Bishop found a major bug during testing of Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, the major bug affected Owen Bishop's experience with Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, Owen Bishop stated that "being Brits [we] were obviously too gentlemanly to take advantage of such a situation."
At some point in time, Owen Bishop criticised the high speed at which the in-game messages flash.
At some point in time, Owen Bishop described the high speed of in-game messages as "excessive."
At some point in time, Philippa Irving criticised the presentation of Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, Philippa Irving described the key action in Pegasus Bridge as "annoying."
At some point in time, Philippa Irving stated that the "annoying" key action ruined playability.
At some point in time, Philippa Irving stated that the controls of Pegasus Bridge were limited by a cursor.
At some point in time, Philippa Irving praised the graphics of Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, Philippa Irving praised the historical accuracy of Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, Philippa Irving described the graphics of Pegasus Bridge as "attractive."
At some point in time, Philippa Irving described the atmosphere of Pegasus Bridge as "unatmospheric."
At some point in time, Philippa Irving stated that Pegasus Bridge was clearly based on the historical situation.
At some point in time, a reviewer of Computer and Video Games called Pegasus Bridge an "excellent game."
At some point in time, a reviewer of Computer and Video Games praised the value for money of Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, a reviewer of Computer and Video Games criticised the "slow moving" pace of Pegasus Bridge.
At some point in time, a reviewer of Computer and Video Games compared the pace of Pegasus Bridge to the fast tempo of the historical battle.