At some point in time, John Cash Neild was born on 4 January 1846.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild died on 8 March 1911.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was an English-born Australian politician.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild served as a Senator from New South Wales from 1901 to 1910.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's family arrived in Australia in 1860.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild worked as an insurance agent.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild worked as a company manager.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild won election to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly in 1885.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild served intermittently in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly until 1901.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild had a tumultuous career as a backbencher.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild contributed significantly to the fall of the Reid government in 1899.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild established his own volunteer regiment.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's volunteer regiment had a difficult relationship with military command.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was elected to the Senate in 1901.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was a vigorous supporter of old-age pensions.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was a vigorous supporter of free trade.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild had ambitions of promotion that were never realized.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was passionately loyal to the British Empire.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild questioned aspects of the White Australia policy.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild spoke in support of the children of Kanaka laborers facing deportation.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild had continued disputes with the military.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild attempted to have the commander of the Australian military forces found in contempt of Parliament.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild lost respect among his colleagues.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild spent his later career in comparative isolation.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild lost his Senate seat in 1910.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild died the year after losing his Senate seat.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was born in Bristol.
At some point in time, Maria Greenwood was John Cash Neild's mother.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's father was John Cash Neild, a surgeon.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was named after his father.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's family moved to Taranaki in New Zealand in 1853.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's family evacuated to Sydney in 1860.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's family evacuated to escape the First Taranaki War.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild married Clara Matilda Gertrude Agnew on 29 October 1868.
At some point in time, Philip Agnew was Clara Matilda Gertrude Agnew's father.
At some point in time, Philip Agnew founded the New South Wales Free Church of England.
At some point in time, Clara Matilda Gertrude Agnew died in 1879.
At some point in time, Clara Matilda Gertrude Agnew died three years after the death of the only child of the marriage.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild remarried on 19 February 1880.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild remarried at St Paul's Anglican Church in Redfern.
At some point in time, Georgine Marie Louise Uhr was John Cash Neild's second wife.
At some point in time, Georgine Marie Louise Uhr was the daughter of a former New South Wales sheriff.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild received a private education.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was first employed at Montefiore, Joseph & Co.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild set up as a commission agent in 1865.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild became an insurance agent by 1870.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild managed several companies.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was elected to Woollahra Municipal Council in 1876.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild unsuccessfully stood for the New South Wales Legislative Assembly seat of Paddington in 1882.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was successful at his second attempt in 1885.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was elected as a supporter of Henry Parkes.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild remained on Woollahra Council.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild served as mayor from 1888 to 1889.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild left the Woollahra Council in 1890.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild devoted his first speech to criticism of the Protectionist Dibbs government.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild became known for pursuing causes such as free trade.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild became known for pursuing causes such as old-age pensions.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild became known for pursuing causes such as law reform.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild earned the nickname "Jawbone" on 23 June 1886.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild spoke for nine hours against the Jennings government's introduction of ad valorem duties.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was narrowly passed over by Henry Parkes for a ministry in January 1887.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was given charge of Sir Alfred Stephen's divorce extension bill.
At some point in time, Sir Alfred Stephen's divorce extension bill passed in 1892.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild continued to be active in religious affairs.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild served as Right Worshipful Grand Master of the Loyal Orange Institution of New South Wales from 1891 to 1893.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild offended many extreme Protestants by praying for the recovery of the Pope.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild began to encounter difficulties in his political career towards the end of the 1880s.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's oversight of the establishment of the 1887 Adelaide Jubilee International Exhibition led to investigation by a Legislative Assembly select committee.
At some point in time, The Legislative Assembly select committee absolved John Cash Neild of accusations of extravagance.
At some point in time, The Legislative Assembly select committee absolved John Cash Neild of accusations of using his office for personal gain.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild began to agitate for old-age pensions in 1895.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was investigated in 1899 after Premier George Reid paid him £350 for writing a report.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild repaid the £350 to Premier George Reid.
At some point in time, The incident involving the £350 was part of the pretext for a successful no confidence motion in September.
At some point in time, The successful no confidence motion in September brought down the Reid government.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild raised a volunteer regiment in response to the establishment of an Irish-Australian unit in the New South Wales citizen army.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's volunteer regiment became St George's English Rifles.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was promoted to major of the regiment in July 1896.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was promoted to lieutenant-colonel in April 1898.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild frequently led his men dressed as British soldiers.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild led his men around Circular Quay to the tune of "The British Grenadiers" or "The English Gentleman."
At some point in time, John Cash Neild had no previous military experience.
At some point in time, Lord Beauchamp, the Governor, wrote that John Cash Neild's organization was "in a state of ridiculous insubordination."
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was suspended around Easter of 1899 for publicly criticizing a staff officer.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild encouraged insubordination.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild avoided dismissal only by investing considerable amounts of money into the regiment.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild contested the first federal election in 1901.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild ran as a Free Trade candidate for the Senate.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was one of two parliamentarians to wear full dress uniform to the opening of Parliament.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild introduced the Parliamentary Evidence Bill on 9 August 1901.
At some point in time, The Parliamentary Evidence Bill aimed to enable and regulate the taking of evidence by Parliament and Parliamentary Committees.
At some point in time, The Parliamentary Evidence Bill was withdrawn and reintroduced several times over the next decade.
At some point in time, The Parliamentary Evidence Bill never passed into law.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild harbored ambitions of becoming deputy President.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was active in many committees.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild failed to achieve his aim of becoming deputy President.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild served as Temporary Chairman of Committees from 1903 to 1910.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was not a supporter of party discipline.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild refused to follow Sir Josiah Symon's leadership of the Free Trade Senators.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild spoke against the dictation test for non-British immigrants.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild spoke against the deportation of Kanaka workers.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild continued to advocate free trade.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild continued to advocate old-age pensions.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild won the fifth position at the 1901 election.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild faced re-election in 1903.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's impassioned support of the British Empire saw him elected at the head of the poll in 1903.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild faced failing health during the 1903 election.
At some point in time, In March 1904, John Cash Neild attacked the government's military policy.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild attacked the commander of the military forces, Major-General Sir Edward Hutton.
At some point in time, Major-General Sir Edward Hutton had long wished to dismiss John Cash Neild from the citizen army.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild incited a near mutiny by destroying a well-known sergeant's military career.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was suspended from duty.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild accused Major-General Sir Edward Hutton of intimidation.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild accused Major-General Sir Edward Hutton of infringing a Senator's right of freedom of expression.
At some point in time, In April 1904, the Senate formed a committee to investigate alleged contempt of Parliament by Major-General Sir Edward Hutton.
At some point in time, The Senate committee found that John Cash Neild had not been intimidated.
At some point in time, In 1905, John Cash Neild retired from the militia.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild's adventures had seen him lose respect in his political career.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was openly mocked in the Senate chamber.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild became something of a joke in the Senate chamber.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild introduced a number of bills in his remaining five years in the Senate.
At some point in time, All of John Cash Neild's bills lapsed.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild spoke in support of Muslim camel drivers.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild opposed military training for boys.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild continued to oppose elements of the White Australia policy.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild raised concerns about Australian-born children of Kanaka laborers.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild stated that Australian-born children of Kanaka laborers would have difficulties in a country that is strongly supportive of the White Australia policy.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was defeated at the 1910 election.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild suffered from hepatic cirrhosis.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild died at his home in Woollahra.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was 65 years old at the time of his death.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was survived by his second wife.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was survived by his two children.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild received a military funeral.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild was buried with Anglican rites at Waverley Cemetery in Sydney.
At some point in time, John Cash Neild published an anthology of his own poetry titled "Songs 'neath the