At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was an artillery fortification.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was constructed as part of Henry VIII's Device plan of 1539.
At some point in time, Henry VIII's Device plan of 1539 was in response to fears of an imminent invasion of England.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was built at Milton, near Gravesend in Kent.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was built at a strategic point along the River Thames.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was operational by 1540.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was equipped with 30 pieces of artillery.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse had a garrison of 12 men and a captain.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was probably a two-storey, D-shaped building.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was designed to prevent enemy ships from progressing further up the river.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was designed to prevent enemy ships from landing an invasion force.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was stripped of its artillery in 1553.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was demolished between 1557 and 1558.
At some point in time, nothing remains of Milton Blockhouse above ground.
At some point in time, archaeological investigations in the 1970s uncovered parts of Milton Blockhouse's foundations.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was built as a consequence of international tensions between England, France, and the Holy Roman Empire.
At some point in time, the international tensions occurred in the final years of the reign of King Henry VIII.
At some point in time, the Crown traditionally left coastal defenses to local lords and communities.
At some point in time, the Crown played only a modest role in building and maintaining fortifications.
At some point in time, maritime raids were common while France and the Holy Roman Empire remained in conflict.
At some point in time, an actual invasion of England seemed unlikely during that time.
At some point in time, modest defenses existed in the south-west and along the Sussex coast.
At some point in time, a few more impressive fortifications existed in the north of England.
At some point in time, in general, the fortifications were very limited in scale.
At some point in time, Henry VIII broke with Pope Paul III in 1533.
At some point in time, Henry VIII broke with Pope Paul III in order to annul his marriage to Catherine of Aragon.
At some point in time, Catherine of Aragon was the aunt of Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor.
At some point in time, Charles V took the annulment as a personal insult.
At some point in time, France and the Holy Roman Empire declared an alliance against Henry VIII in 1538.
At some point in time, the Pope encouraged France and the Holy Roman Empire to attack England.
At some point in time, an invasion of England appeared certain after the alliance was declared.
At some point in time, Henry VIII issued an order called a "device" in 1539.
At some point in time, the "device" gave instructions for the defense of the realm in time of invasion.
At some point in time, the "device" included the construction of forts along the English coastline.
At some point in time, the River Thames was protected by a network of blockhouses at Gravesend, Milton, and Higham.
At some point in time, the network of blockhouses was on the south side of the River Thames.
At some point in time, the network of blockhouses included Tilbury and East Tilbury on the opposite bank.
At some point in time, the fortifications were strategically placed.
At some point in time, London was vulnerable to seaborne attacks arriving up the Thames estuary.
At some point in time, the newly constructed royal dockyards of Deptford and Woolwich were vulnerable to seaborne attacks.
At some point in time, 80 percent of England's exports passed through the Thames estuary.
At some point in time, the village of Milton and the adjacent town of Gravesend were only 500 meters apart.
At some point in time, Milton and Gravesend formed a particularly important communications point along the River Thames.
At some point in time, Milton and Gravesend formed the center of the "Long Ferry" traffic of passengers into the capital.
At some point in time, Milton and Gravesend were part of the "Cross Ferry" over the river to Tilbury.
At some point in time, the local riverbank became lined with wharfs.
At some point in time, Milton was the first point that an invasion force would be able to easily disembark along the Thames.
At some point in time, the mudflats along the sides of the estuary made landings difficult before Milton.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was designed by James Nedeham.
At some point in time, James Nedeham was the Clerk of the King's Works.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was designed by Christopher Morice.
At some point in time, Christopher Morice was the Master of Ordnance.
At some point in time, Robert Lorde served as the paymaster for the Milton Blockhouse project.
At some point in time, Lionel Martin acted as a local overseer for the Milton Blockhouse project.
At some point in time, John Ganyn acted as a local overseer for the Milton Blockhouse project.
At some point in time, Mr. Travers acted as a local overseer for the Milton Blockhouse project.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was built on Chapel Field.
At some point in time, the Crown bought Chapel Field from William Burston for £66.
At some point in time, Chapel Field had previously been part of Milton Chantry.
At some point in time, Milton Chantry was dissolved by Henry VIII during the Reformation.
At some point in time, the work on Milton Blockhouse was quickly completed.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was in operation by 1540.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was equipped with 30 artillery guns.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was equipped with 6 handguns.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was equipped with various pikes and longbows.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was initially commanded by Captain Sir Edward Cobham.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse had a small garrison of 12 men.
At some point in time, the garrison included a second in command.
At some point in time, the garrison included a porter.
At some point in time, the garrison included three soldiers.
At some point in time, the garrison included seven gunners.
At some point in time, the garrison would have been supported by reinforcements if the fort had ever come under attack.
At some point in time, fresh fears of invasion after 1544 prompted further work on Milton Blockhouse.
At some point in time, Sir Richard Lee was a prominent military engineer.
At some point in time, peace was declared the year after fresh fears of invasion.
At some point in time, it is uncertain exactly what shape Milton Blockhouse took.
At some point in time, archaeological investigations suggest that Milton Blockhouse was probably D-shaped.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse was probably two storeys tall.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse had a circular bastion facing the river.
At some point in time, Milton Blockhouse had battery positions on either side of the main defenses.
At some point in time, a more modern, angular bastion was added later on the landwards side of Milton Blockhouse.
At some point in time, by 1546, the King's accountants estimated that £1,072 had been spent on building and developing Milton Blockhouse.
At some point in time, in 1553, orders were issued for the artillery pieces to be removed from Milton Blockhouse.
At some point in time, the artillery pieces were taken to the Tower of London.
At some point in time, the brick and stone from the site of Milton Blockhouse were reused to repair the Tower of London.
At some point in time, the former site of Milton Blockhouse was probably rediscovered during excavations in 1826.
At some point in time, the former site of Milton Blockhouse was destroyed during the building of the Gravesend Canal Basin.
At some point in time, the former site of Milton Blockhouse was destroyed during the building of Canal Road.
At some point in time, the former site of Milton Blockhouse was destroyed during the building of the Gordon Pleasure Gardens.
At some point in time, archaeological investigations between 1973 and 1978 uncovered the foundations of Milton Blockhouse.
At some point in time, the foundations of Milton Blockhouse are now protected under UK law as a scheduled monument.