At some point in time, 10 is a greatest hits album by American Christian rock band MercyMe.
At some point in time, 10 was released on April 7, 2009.
At some point in time, 10 was released to commemorate the tenth anniversary of MercyMe's single "I Can Only Imagine."
At some point in time, the album contains twelve of MercyMe's number-one singles from five studio albums.
At some point in time, the five studio albums are Almost There, Spoken For, Undone, Coming Up to Breathe, and All That Is Within Me.
At some point in time, 10 includes a re-recording of "I Can Only Imagine" featuring the London Sessions Orchestra.
At some point in time, 10 includes two other bonus tracks.
At some point in time, additional content varies depending on the version of the album.
At some point in time, the additional content includes music videos, featurettes, and live recordings.
At some point in time, 10 received mostly positive reviews from music critics.
At some point in time, the amount of content and the videos included with 10 received particular praise.
At some point in time, 10 debuted at number 18 on the Billboard 200.
At some point in time, 10 debuted at number one on the Billboard Christian Albums chart.
At some point in time, 10 sold 30,000 copies in its first week.
At some point in time, Billboard ranked 10 as the 13th best-selling Christian album of 2009 in the United States.
At some point in time, Billboard ranked 10 as the 40th best-selling Christian album of 2010 in the United States.
At some point in time, in 1999, MercyMe was working on an independent record called The Worship Project.
At some point in time, MercyMe needed one more song to fill out The Worship Project.
At some point in time, Bart Millard wrote "I Can Only Imagine" while reminiscing about his father's death.
At some point in time, MercyMe aimed to produce a worship record of easy-to-sing songs.
At some point in time, MercyMe included "I Can Only Imagine" because it was important to Bart Millard.
At some point in time, "I Can Only Imagine" was included on MercyMe's major-label debut, 2001's Almost There.
At some point in time, "I Can Only Imagine" became a hit on Christian radio.
At some point in time, "I Can Only Imagine" crossed over and became successful on mainstream radio in 2003.
At some point in time, around eight months before the release of 10, MercyMe was approached by their label about producing a greatest-hits record.
At some point in time, MercyMe was initially against the idea of producing a greatest-hits record.
At some point in time, Bart Millard felt that a greatest-hits record meant a band was near the end of their career.
At some point in time, Bart Millard later remembered he had written "I Can Only Imagine" in 1999.
At some point in time, the idea shifted from a greatest-hits record to a celebration of the song's ten-year anniversary.
At some point in time, the concept of celebrating the song's ten-year anniversary was more comfortable for MercyMe.
At some point in time, 10 includes fifteen songs.
At some point in time, 10 includes twelve of MercyMe's number-one Christian radio singles.
At some point in time, 10 includes three bonus tracks.
At some point in time, live versions of ten of MercyMe's songs were included on some versions of 10.
At some point in time, "I Can Only Imagine (Symphony Edition)" was recorded at Abbey Road Studios in London.
At some point in time, "I Can Only Imagine (Symphony Edition)" features the London Session Orchestra.
At some point in time, "Ten Simple Rules" was originally included as a music video on Hoop Dogz, a children's video DVD.
At some point in time, "Ten Simple Rules" relates the Ten Commandments.
At some point in time, MercyMe began playing "Ten Simple Rules" in concerts.
At some point in time, fans wanted "Ten Simple Rules" to be put on CD.
At some point in time, "Only Temporary" is a rock song with a distinct southern influence.
At some point in time, "Only Temporary" was a new track not included on any other album or project.
At some point in time, physical versions of 10 were released with a 'Sight' DVD containing video content.
At some point in time, the 'Sight' DVD includes music videos for "I Can Only Imagine," "So Long Self," "God with Us," "You Reign," and "Finally Home."
At some point in time, the 'Sight' DVD includes live videos for "Word of God Speak," "Bring the Rain," and "Hold Fast."
At some point in time, the live videos were recorded live throughout MercyMe's fall 2008 tour by one camera.
At some point in time, "Spoken For" and "Homesick" were taken from MercyMe's 2004 live DVD MercyMe Live.
At some point in time, "In the Blink of an Eye" was taken from the collector's edition of MercyMe's 2007 album All That Is Within Me.
At some point in time, two featurettes were included on the 'Sight' DVD.
At some point in time, the first featurette is "The Making of 'I Can Only Imagine'," which had previously appeared on MercyMe Live.
At some point in time, the second featurette is "Gospel Music Channel's Faith & Fame: MercyMe," which recounts MercyMe's career from their early years.
At some point in time, the iTunes version of 10 only includes the two featurettes.
At some point in time, 10 was released in a two-disc collection featuring the 'Sound' CD and 'Sight' DVD.
At some point in time, 10 was released in a three-disc "Deluxe Edition" including an additional CD of 10 live songs.
At some point in time, 10 was released digitally to iTunes on October 7, 2009.
At some point in time, the digital release of 10 includes the sound CD content and live recordings.
At some point in time, the digital release of 10 includes the two documentaries.
At some point in time, 10 spent two weeks atop the Christian Albums chart.
At some point in time, 10 spent 73 weeks on the Christian Albums chart in total.
At some point in time, Jared Johnson of AllMusic gave 10 4.5 out of 5 stars.
At some point in time, Jared Johnson noted 10 as an 'Album Pick.'
At some point in time, Jared Johnson called 10 "one of the best and most long-awaited greatest-hits albums in recent memory."
At some point in time, Jared Johnson praised the amount of content in 10.
At some point in time, Jenna DeWitt of The Baylor Lariat gave 10 an A-.
At some point in time, Jenna DeWitt praised "I Can Only Imagine (Symphony Edition)" as "awe-inspiring."
At some point in time, Jenna DeWitt praised the DVD content of 10.
At some point in time, Jenna DeWitt stated the only mistake in buying 10 is if someone is really tired of the extensive radio airplay that these hits have gotten.
At some point in time, Dave Derbyshire of Cross Rhythms gave 10 nine out of ten squares.
At some point in time, Dave Derbyshire called 10 a "brilliant introduction" to MercyMe.
At some point in time, Dave Derbyshire criticized a few of the songs on 10 as being overly sentimental.
At some point in time, Matt Johnson of Jesus Freak Hideout gave 10 three out of five stars.
At some point in time, Matt Johnson noted the DVD content of 10 as being "what really makes this worth your money."
At some point in time, Matt Johnson was critical of the interface of 10.
At some point in time, Matt Johnson felt the CD content of 10 did not include enough songs.
At some point in time, Matt Johnson felt the new recordings on 10 weren't particularly impressive.
At some point in time, Matt Johnson noted the orchestra and Bart Millard's vocals as conflicting on the re-recording of "I Can Only Imagine."
At some point in time, Matt Johnson said the re-recording of "I Can Only Imagine" takes the song to new heights than previously conceived.
At some point in time, Justin Michael of Sight Magazine gave 10 a positive review.
At some point in time, Justin Michael called 10 "a must for all MercyMe fans."
At some point in time, Justin Michael stated 10 is for those who need a hooky melody with a message.
At some point in time, Justin Michael stated 10 is for people who love getting a free DVD with their albums.
At some point in time, Justin Michael praised the one-camera tour videos in 10.
At some point in time, Justin Michael noted "Ten Simple Rules" is "not their brightest musical moment."