At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge was a battle fought on 16 March 1322.
At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge was fought between a group of rebellious barons and King Edward II of England.
At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge took place near Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge occurred north-west of York.
At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge resulted in Thomas, Earl of Lancaster's defeat.
At some point in time, Thomas, Earl of Lancaster was executed after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, Edward II re-established royal authority after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, Edward II held on to power for another five years after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge is not part of the Wars of Scottish Independence.
At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge is significant for its employment of tactics learned in the Scottish wars.
At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge involved extensive use of foot soldiers rather than cavalry.
At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge involved heavy impact caused by the longbow.
At some point in time, The Battle of Boroughbridge represented significant steps in military developments.
At some point in time, Edward II was a weak and ineffectual king.
At some point in time, Edward II's reign was marked by military failure and internal strife.
At some point in time, A great number of the barony turned against Edward II.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster became the leader of the opposition against Edward II.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster was Edward II's cousin.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster was the richest man in the country next to Edward II.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster and his associates tried to put restrictions on royal authority through the Ordinances.
At some point in time, By the late 1310s, Edward II was in full control of central government.
At some point in time, Edward II's patronage of Hugh Despenser aggravated the situation.
At some point in time, Hugh Despenser was Edward II's favourite.
At some point in time, Hugh Despenser's father was also named Hugh Despenser.
At some point in time, Edward II and Thomas of Lancaster fell out during a failed campaign against Scotland in 1319.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster refused to attend a parliament summoned by Edward II in 1320.
At some point in time, Edward II obtained papal absolution from his oath to follow the Ordinances in 1320.
At some point in time, An inheritance dispute broke out in the Welsh Marches between the Despensers and certain marcher lords.
At some point in time, Humphrey de Bohun was the Earl of Hereford.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster summoned two meetings of magnates in 1321.
At some point in time, One meeting of magnates was at Thomas of Lancaster's residence of Pontefract in March 1321.
At some point in time, The other meeting of magnates was at Sherburn in June 1321.
At some point in time, The meetings consisted of northern and marcher lords.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster's own retainers attended the meetings.
At some point in time, Little assistance was forthcoming from the northerners at the meetings.
At some point in time, The marcher rebellion forced Edward II to exile the younger Despenser.
At some point in time, The younger Despenser was recalled within weeks after being exiled.
At some point in time, Edward II seized the initiative after the marcher rebellion.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster convened one final meeting at Doncaster in November 1321.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster entered into an alliance with Robert I of Scotland.
At some point in time, Edward II crossed the River Severn in January 1322.
At some point in time, Edward II secured the surrender of several marcher lords.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster remained passive while Edward II secured the surrender of several marcher lords.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster and his army reached Boroughbridge by the River Ure on 16 March 1322.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster was joined by Sir Robert de Holland at Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, Sir Robert de Holland raised a force in Lancashire.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster's forces were cut off by the forces of Sir Andrew Harclay.
At some point in time, Sir Andrew Harclay was a veteran from the Scottish wars.
At some point in time, Sir Andrew Harclay gathered levies from the counties of Cumberland and Westmorland.
At some point in time, When Thomas of Lancaster arrived at Boroughbridge, Sir Andrew Harclay was already in possession of the bridge.
At some point in time, The rebel forces counted probably no more than 700 knights and men-at-arms.
At some point in time, The royal army consisted of approximately 4,000 soldiers.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster initially tried to negotiate with Sir Andrew Harclay.
At some point in time, Sir Andrew Harclay could not be swayed by Thomas of Lancaster's negotiation.
At some point in time, There was no realistic alternative place to cross the river.
At some point in time, The royal forces were in pursuit from the south.
At some point in time, The rebels had no choice but to fight.
At some point in time, The ensuing battle was short and one-sided.
At some point in time, Sir Andrew Harclay deployed his men on foot to hold the bridge from the northern side.
At some point in time, Additional forces were placed at a nearby ford.
At some point in time, Contemporary sources do not specify the exact location of the ford.
At some point in time, The royal pikemen were deployed in a schiltron formation.
At some point in time, The schiltron formation was a tactic learned from the Scots in the Scottish wars.
At some point in time, The schiltron formation proved effective against the oncoming cavalry.
At some point in time, The rebels divided into two columns during the battle.
At some point in time, One column of rebels was led by Hereford and Roger de Clifford.
At some point in time, The first column of rebels attacked the bridge on foot.
At some point in time, The second column of rebels was led by Thomas of Lancaster.
At some point in time, The second column of rebels tried to cross the ford by horse.
At some point in time, Hereford was killed as he crossed the bridge by a pikeman hiding underneath.
At some point in time, The pikeman thrust his spear up through Hereford's anus.
At some point in time, Roger de Clifford was severely injured during the battle.
At some point in time, The column of rebels led by Hereford and Roger de Clifford fell into disarray.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster's party fared little better during the battle.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster's cavalry was cut off before it even reached the ford.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster's cavalry was forced to retreat.
At some point in time, The battle shows an early effective use of the longbow against cavalry.
At some point in time, The use of the longbow against cavalry was a tactic that became central to future English military success.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster negotiated a truce with Sir Andrew Harclay.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster withdrew to the town after negotiating a truce.
At some point in time, A great number of the rebels deserted during the night after the battle.
At some point in time, The sheriff of York arrived from the south with additional forces the next day.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster was greatly outnumbered after the sheriff of York arrived.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster had no chance of retreat after the sheriff of York arrived.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster had no choice but to surrender to Sir Andrew Harclay.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster was taken to Pontefract Castle after surrendering.
At some point in time, Pontefract Castle had fallen to Edward II by the time Thomas of Lancaster was taken there.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster was submitted to a show trial at Pontefract Castle.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster was sentenced to death in front of a gathering of earls and barons.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster was beheaded on 22 March 1322.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster was beheaded in front of a jeering crowd.
At some point in time, A cult emerged around the person of Thomas of Lancaster as a martyr in the years to come.
At some point in time, The cult around Thomas of Lancaster has been interpreted as a reaction to the incompetent and oppressive reign of Edward II.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster showed no signs of extraordinary piety during his lifetime.
At some point in time, Some thirty of Thomas of Lancaster's followers were executed.
At some point in time, Roger de Clifford was one of the followers executed.
At some point in time, John Mowbray was one of the followers executed.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay was richly rewarded for his performance at Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay was created Earl of Carlisle on 15 March 1322.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay was promised lands worth 1,000 marks yearly.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay turned down Thomas of Lancaster's overtures to join in the rebellion.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay was no great adherent of Edward II.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay grew frustrated with Edward II's idleness as a warden of the Scottish Marches.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay negotiated a peace treaty with the Scots.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay's negotiation of a peace treaty with the Scots amounted to treason.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay was apprehended by Edward II's men early in 1323.
At some point in time, Andrew Harclay was hanged, drawn, and quartered.
At some point in time, Edward II's dependence on the Despensers grew deeper after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, The Despensers' transgressions became more severe after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster's supporters were systematically accused of false charges.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster's supporters were imprisoned after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, Thomas of Lancaster's supporters had their lands taken over by the Despensers.
At some point in time, Roger Mortimer fled to Paris after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, William Trussell fled to Paris after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, Robert de Holland fled to Paris after the Battle of Boroughbridge.
At some point in time, Edward II's estranged wife Isabella was to join Roger Mortimer in Paris.
At some point in time, Isabella was to become Roger Mortimer's lover in Paris.
At some point in time, Isabella and Roger Mortimer staged a coup against Edward II in 1327.
At some point in time, Edward II was deposed as a result of the coup staged by Isabella and Roger Mortimer.
At some point in time, Edward III succeeded Edward II in his place.