At some point in time, Sri Temasek is a two-storey detached house built in 1869.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek is sited within the grounds of the Istana in Singapore.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek served as the residence of the Colonial Secretary or Chief Secretary during the island's colonial era.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek has been the official residence of the Prime Minister of Singapore since the establishment of the State of Singapore in 1959.
None of Singapore's Prime Ministers has ever lived in Sri Temasek.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek and the Istana were gazetted as a national monument on 14 February 1992.
At some point in time, the name of the house, Sri Temasek, means "splendour of Temasek" in the Malay language.
At some point in time, the Malay word "seri" or "sri" means "charm; quintessence; splendour; glory" or "cynosure."
At some point in time, the word "Temasek" means "sea town" in Javanese.
At some point in time, Temasek was the name of an early city on the site of modern Singapore.
At some point in time, the house was originally known as the official residence of the Chief Secretary of Singapore.
At some point in time, the house did not have its own name initially.
At some point in time, the State of Singapore was proclaimed in June 1959.
At some point in time, Lee Kuan Yew assumed office as the first Prime Minister in June 1959.
At some point in time, after June 1959, the house was officially named Sri Temasek.
At some point in time, the Government House was officially renamed as the Istana, which means palace.
At some point in time, the construction of the Istana Singapore and Sri Temasek was ordered by Sir Harry St. George Ord.
At some point in time, Sir Harry St. George Ord was the Governor of the Straits Settlements.
At some point in time, the original governor's residence had to be demolished in 1859.
At some point in time, the demolition was necessary to make way for Fort Canning.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek was designed by John Frederick Adolphus McNair.
At some point in time, John Frederick Adolphus McNair was a civil engineer.
At some point in time, John Frederick Adolphus McNair was appointed Executive Engineer and Superintendent of Convicts of the Straits Settlements.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek was built largely using Indian convict labour from Bencoolen.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek was completed in 1869.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek is a 1,600-square-metre (17,000 sq ft) two-storey detached house.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek is often called a bungalow in Singapore.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek has European and Asian features.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek has a symmetrical layout consisting of deep verandahs surrounding central living spaces.
At some point in time, notable architectural features of Sri Temasek include arches on its upper level.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek has an intricate timber arcade with a mixture of eastern and western decorative motifs.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek has a Chinese moon gate on the building's second floor.
At some point in time, the moon gate is a circular gateway.
At some point in time, few records exist concerning the moon gate's construction and usage.
At some point in time, the moon gate made its appearance in Sri Temasek in the 1960s.
At some point in time, the moon gate was designed and built by William Swaffield.
At some point in time, William Swaffield was a pre-World War II Comptroller of Government House.
At some point in time, William Swaffield was a professional furniture designer.
At some point in time, the moon gate is constructed of chengal, teak, and meranti wood.
At some point in time, there is a brick pit in the middle of the driveway in front of Sri Temasek.
At some point in time, the brick pit was originally used by horse-drawn carriages.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek was gazetted as a national monument on 14 February 1992.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek was not used for a number of years.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek fell into disrepair.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek underwent restoration between 2006 and March 2008.
At some point in time, CPG Consultants conducted the restoration of Sri Temasek.
At some point in time, the restoration was under the supervision of architect Maureen Soh.
At some point in time, the original hand-crafted timber arches and railings on the first-storey verandah had been damaged by termites.
At some point in time, replacements moulded from the originals made with an aluminium-cast alloy were used for the arches and railings.
At some point in time, details on railings, doors, and windows were restored during the restoration.
At some point in time, several pintu pagar and wooden flooring were reinstated during the restoration.
At some point in time, the former servants' quarters at the rear of Sri Temasek were turned into a heritage gallery.
At some point in time, the restoration works on Sri Temasek won the Urban Redevelopment Authority's Architectural Heritage Award in Category A in 2008.
At some point in time, when first built in 1869, Sri Temasek was the residence of the Colonial Secretary of the Straits Settlements.
At some point in time, all holders of the position of Colonial Secretary resided in Sri Temasek from 1869 to 1959.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek is currently designated as the official residence of the Prime Minister of Singapore since 1959.
None of the past and present holders of the post of Prime Minister have lived in Sri Temasek as a family home.
At some point in time, Lee Kuan Yew and his wife Kwa Geok Choo decided not to move into Sri Temasek with their three children in 1959.
At some point in time, Lee Kuan Yew and Kwa Geok Choo's three children were aged seven, five, and two in 1959.
At some point in time, Lee Kuan Yew and Kwa Geok Choo did not want their children to grow up in grand surroundings with butlers and orderlies.
At some point in time, the Lee family stayed in Sri Temasek in 1965 for a short time for security reasons.
At some point in time, the Lee family stayed in Sri Temasek when Singapore separated from Malaysia.
At some point in time, the Lee children often played in the grounds of Sri Temasek in the evening.
At some point in time, Lee Kuan Yew often played golf or made use of the practice tee and putting green while his children played.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek has been used mostly for official functions.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek was particularly used for official functions in the 1960s and 1970s.
At some point in time, prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included Tunku Abdul Rahman.
At some point in time, Tunku Abdul Rahman was the founding Prime Minister of Malaysia.
At some point in time, prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included Spiro Agnew.
At some point in time, Spiro Agnew was the Vice-President of the United States.
At some point in time, prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.
At some point in time, prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included Denis Healey.
At some point in time, Denis Healey was the British Defence Secretary.
At some point in time, prominent visitors to Sri Temasek included King Hussein of Jordan.
At some point in time, Sri Temasek was the venue for a party hosted by Lee Kuan Yew in 1962.
At some point in time, the party in 1962 was to thank trade unionists and civil servants for their help with the referendum on Singapore joining Malaysia.
At some point in time, in 1983, the body of the late Minister for Finance Hon Sui Sen lay in state at Sri Temasek.
At some point in time, on 8 August 2008, Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong delivered his National Day message from Sri Temasek for the first time.
At some point in time, the wake for Madam Kwa Geok Choo was held at Sri Temasek in October 2010.
At some point in time, Madam Kwa Geok Choo was the mother of Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.
At some point in time, Madam Kwa Geok Choo was the wife of Singaporean statesman Lee Kuan Yew.
At some point in time, a private family wake for Lee Kuan Yew was held at Sri Temasek in March 2015.