At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" is a song recorded by American R & B singer Usher.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" was released on May 23, 2008.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" is the third single from Usher's fifth studio album, Here I Stand.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" was written by Usher, Christopher "Tricky" Stewart, Kuk Harrell, and The-Dream.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" was produced by Christopher "Tricky" Stewart and The-Dream.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" is a slow tempo ballad.
At some point in time, the lyrics of "Moving Mountains" describe a love struggle.
At some point in time, the song received mostly positive attention from critics.
At some point in time, comparisons were made between "Moving Mountains" and Usher's 2004 song "Burn."
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" appeared on the Billboard Hot 100.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" appeared on the Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs chart.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" appeared on the single charts of several European countries.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" peaked highest in New Zealand.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached number six on the New Zealand singles chart.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" was certified gold in New Zealand.
At some point in time, the music video for "Moving Mountains" was filmed in front of a green screen.
At some point in time, the music video for "Moving Mountains" is a sequel to the video of "Love in This Club."
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" was leaked in February 2008.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" was officially released for sale on May 23, 2008.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" contains synth beats and electronic influences.
At some point in time, portions of "Moving Mountains" follow a chord progression used in OneRepublic's "Apologize."
At some point in time, the beat of "Moving Mountains" is adjusted partway through the song.
At some point in time, the musical instruments in "Moving Mountains" are accentuated.
At some point in time, Usher's voice in "Moving Mountains" ranges from tenor to falsetto.
At some point in time, the lyrics of "Moving Mountains" contain an extended metaphor.
At some point in time, the extended metaphor in "Moving Mountains" relates Usher's fight for love to moving mountains.
At some point in time, Fraser McAlpine from BBC called "Moving Mountains" a cold, sad song with cold, sad lyrics.
At some point in time, Leah Greenblatt called "Moving Mountains" an easy pick as a single.
At some point in time, Sal Cinquemani of Slant Magazine lauded "Moving Mountains" as further evidence that Usher always delivers musically.
At some point in time, Rosie Swash of The Guardian dubbed "Moving Mountains" a marked improvement on the sex-pestery of "Love in This Club."
At some point in time, the AbsolutePunk reviewer called "Moving Mountains" one of Usher's most impressive efforts to date.
At some point in time, the AbsolutePunk reviewer likened "Moving Mountains" to Usher's 2004 single "Burn."
At some point in time, Alex Fletcher of Digital Spy was impressed with the technicalities of Usher's vocals.
At some point in time, Alex Fletcher of Digital Spy found it hard to take Usher completely seriously when he insists on wailing each line.
At some point in time, Alex Fletcher advised Usher to stick to party bangers in the future.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number seventy-two on June 14, 2008.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" peaked at number sixty-seven on the Billboard Hot 100 on August 2, 2008.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" fell off the Billboard Hot 100 two weeks after peaking.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" spent a total of nine weeks on the Billboard Hot 100.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" is Usher's lowest-peaking song on the Billboard Hot 100.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" peaked at number eighteen on the US Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs chart.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" spent seventeen weeks on the US Hot R & B / Hip-Hop Songs chart.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" placed at number eighty-four on the end-of-year R & B / Hip-Hop Songs chart.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached number fifty-six on the Pop 100.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" appeared on the UK Singles Chart in July 2008 at number sixty-seven.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" rose to peak at number twenty-five on the UK Singles Chart.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" fell off the UK Singles Chart after thirteen charting weeks.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached number twenty-two on the European Hot 100 Singles chart.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Austria.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in the Czech Republic.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Germany.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Ireland.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Slovakia.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached the top forty in Sweden.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" appeared on the Ultratop charts in Flanders at number twenty.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" appeared on the Ultratop charts in Wallonia at number twenty.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached high positions of thirty-three in Japan.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" reached high positions of thirty-six in Australia.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" had the most impact in New Zealand.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" was certified gold by the RIANZ for over 7,500 sales on March 29, 2009.
At some point in time, "Moving Mountains" ranked at number forty-seven on the New Zealand 2008 year-end Singles Chart.
At some point in time, the music video for "Moving Mountains" was released on May 21, 2008.
At some point in time, the music video for "Moving Mountains" was directed by the Brothers Strause.
At some point in time, the music video for "Moving Mountains" is a continuation of the video for "Love in This Club."
At some point in time, the music video for "Moving Mountains" was shot in front of a green screen.
At some point in time, the music video for "Moving Mountains" begins with Usher exiting the club from the "Love in This Club" video.
At some point in time, the music video for "Moving Mountains" shows a fiery transition into the next scene.
At some point in time, the next scene in the music video for "Moving Mountains" shows the burnt-down club.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher inspects the smoking ruins.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher imagines a woman in a shard of a broken mirror.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher travels through a desert.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher takes off his jacket to reveal a tight-fitting t-shirt.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher imagines the woman in a desert pond.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher reaches a mountain on which his love interest appears.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher climbs the mountain.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," rain starts to fall when Usher reaches the top of the mountain.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," the rain clears to be replaced by snowfall when Usher reaches the top of the mountain.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher finds that the woman is merely an illusion.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher opens a locket to reveal a portrait of himself and his partner.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," the portrait of Usher and his partner freezes over and cracks.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," Usher kneels at the end.
At some point in time, in the music video for "Moving Mountains," the mountain breaks around Usher, leaving a sole pillar for him to stand on.
At some point in time, Idolator noted similarities in some scenery between the music video for "Moving Mountains" and Madonna's "Frozen" video.
At some point in time, the music video for "Moving Mountains" was placed at number eight on BET's Notarized: Top 100 Videos of 2008 list.