At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was born in Sweden in 1847.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt became an orphan after the death of his mother when Klas August Linderfelt was five.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt became an orphan after the death of his father when Klas August Linderfelt was eleven.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt earned a doctorate from Uppsala University.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt emigrated to Milwaukee in 1870.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt taught classics at Milwaukee College.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was married in 1875.
At some point in time, the name of Klas August Linderfelt's wife has been reported as Maggie Cooper or Margie E. Parker.
At some point in time, by 1880, Klas August Linderfelt and his wife had the first two of their four children.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt and his wife had a son and a daughter.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt and his family lived modestly at 278 Pleasant Street.
At some point in time, the Milwaukee Public Library dates to February 7, 1878.
At some point in time, the Wisconsin State Legislature authorized the city to form a public library on February 7, 1878.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was hired to be the first librarian of the Milwaukee Public Library in 1880.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt joined the ranks of Milwaukee's elite with his new post.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt's family took up residence on Grand Avenue.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt made the acquaintance of numerous important figures in the library profession.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was especially close to William Frederick Poole.
At some point in time, under Klas August Linderfelt's leadership, the Milwaukee Public Library developed a new charging system.
At some point in time, under Klas August Linderfelt's leadership, the Milwaukee Public Library developed a pencil dater for due dates.
At some point in time, the pencil dater for due dates was widely adopted by libraries.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt wrote professional articles.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt's book Eclectic Card Catalog Rules was published by Charles Ammi Cutter in 1890.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt's book Eclectic Card Catalog Rules was based on the work of Karl Dziatzko.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt's book Eclectic Card Catalog Rules was based on the work of numerous English language librarians like Melvil Dewey.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt wrote on other topics, such as the book Volapük: An Easy Method of Acquiring the Universal Language.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was a founder of the Wisconsin Library Association in February 1891.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was the first president of the Wisconsin Library Association in February 1891.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was active in the American Library Association.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt served as a councilor in the American Library Association from 1883 to 1891.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt served as vice president of the American Library Association from 1890 to 1891.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was instrumental in local arrangements for the ALA's 1886 annual conference in Milwaukee.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt arranged an eight-day, 1500-mile post-conference train excursion.
At some point in time, the post-conference train excursion included a steamboat trip on the Dells of the Wisconsin River.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was elected to follow Samuel Swett Green as President of the American Library Association in 1891.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt's most significant achievement was the arrangements for the construction of a library and museum building at 814 Wisconsin Avenue.
At some point in time, a national competition was held for the construction of a library and museum building at 814 Wisconsin Avenue.
At some point in time, seventy-four designs were proposed in the national competition.
At some point in time, one of the entrants in the national competition was a 25-year-old Frank Lloyd Wright.
At some point in time, Frank Lloyd Wright's entry was helpful in publicizing his blooming career.
At some point in time, the winning entry in the national competition was a neo-renaissance structure from the Wisconsin architecture firm of Ferry & Clas.
At some point in time, the winning entry in the national competition was constructed at a cost of $780,000.
At some point in time, the library and museum building opened on October 3, 1898.
At some point in time, the building is still in use as the Milwaukee Public Library's Central Library.
At some point in time, the building is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt began embezzling large sums of money from the Milwaukee Public Library in at least 1883.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt embezzled money chiefly by double-billing the board for library expenditures.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt pocketed the difference from double-billing the board for library expenditures.
Klas August Linderfelt never provided a motive for his theft.
At some point in time, it was widely speculated that the financial demands of Klas August Linderfelt's prestigious position in society were not met by Klas August Linderfelt's modest public salary.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was first investigated in 1888 over a shortfall in the collection of library fines.
At some point in time, the missing money from the shortfall in the collection of library fines was reimbursed by two members of the Library board of trustees.
At some point in time, the matter of the shortfall in the collection of library fines was dropped.
At some point in time, a city-wide audit was conducted following the revelation that Milwaukee School Board secretary A.H. Schattenberg had embezzled over $50,000.
At some point in time, Carl Jackwitz discovered Klas August Linderfelt had embezzled over $4,000.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt confessed to embezzlement following a meeting with some of the trustees.
At some point in time, Harrison Carroll Hobart was one of the trustees who met with Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, Peter J. Somers was the Mayor during Klas August Linderfelt's confession.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was arrested on April 28, 1892.
At some point in time, the library profession was stunned by Klas August Linderfelt's arrest.
At some point in time, the news of Klas August Linderfelt's arrest was "a great shock."
At some point in time, Green wrote later in his history of the profession that the news of Klas August Linderfelt's arrest was "a great shock."
At some point in time, Green wrote to William Frederick Poole that he should have as soon suspected himself as Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, many librarians wrote letters of support for Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, the ALA acted swiftly to mitigate the damage to the image of the profession.
At some point in time, on May 22, the executive board of the ALA moved that William I. Fletcher be appointed president following Klas August Linderfelt's resignation.
At some point in time, William I. Fletcher was officially recorded as president retroactively for the entire term.
At some point in time, the action of the ALA essentially erased Klas August Linderfelt from the historical record of the ALA.
At some point in time, a month later, Melvil Dewey was elected ALA president for the next term.
At some point in time, the incident of Klas August Linderfelt's embezzlement was seen as a triumph of newer librarians like Melvil Dewey over the "old guard" represented by William Frederick Poole.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was seen as a protege of William Frederick Poole.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt received strong support from members of the board of trustees in Milwaukee.
At some point in time, members of the board of trustees in Milwaukee pushed to reimburse the city and reinstate Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, local newspapers objected to the push to reimburse the city and reinstate Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, local newspapers objected especially following revelations of the previous investigation.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt had stolen nearly twice as much as initially thought, over $9,000.
At some point in time, on July 12, Klas August Linderfelt pleaded nolo contendere.
At some point in time, Judge A. Scott Sloan issued a suspended sentence for Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, Judge A. Scott Sloan stated that "further punishment would be wrong."
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt left Milwaukee on the same day as his sentencing.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt left Milwaukee for a promised job at the Library Bureau in Boston.
At some point in time, the lenient sentence for Klas August Linderfelt was met with outrage in the city.
At some point in time, newspapers inveighed against the lenient sentence for Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, residents held "indignation meetings" to agitate against the lenient sentence for Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, Mayor Peter J. Somers urged the district attorney to find new charges to file against Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, the district attorney ordered Klas August Linderfelt's arrest in Boston.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt had already left Boston when the district attorney ordered his arrest.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt was sighted in England later that month.
At some point in time, William Frederick Poole wrote that they let Klas August Linderfelt off without punishment.
At some point in time, William Frederick Poole wrote that they were now chasing Klas August Linderfelt around the world to arrest him for another trial.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt settled in Paris.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt studied medicine in Paris.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt's wife and children joined Klas August Linderfelt in Paris.
At some point in time, at the end of his life, Klas August Linderfelt worked for the journal La Semaine Médicale.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt's eldest son, Karl E. Linderfelt, dropped out of Beloit College.
At some point in time, Karl E. Linderfelt lived with uncles in Cripple Creek, Colorado.
At some point in time, Karl E. Linderfelt joined the Colorado National Guard.
At some point in time, Karl E. Linderfelt was one of the commanders at the Ludlow Massacre.
At some point in time, Karl E. Linderfelt was noted for his aggression and profanity.
At some point in time, Karl E. Linderfelt was noted for assaulting and allegedly murdering strike leader Louis Tikas.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt has been ignored or received cursory treatment in histories of both Milwaukee and the library profession in the United States.
At some point in time, Klas August Linderfelt has been ignored or received cursory treatment in the work of Theresa Elmendorf.
At some point in time, Wayne A. Wiegand wrote about Klas August Linderfelt in a two-part article published in 1977 in American Libraries.
At some point in time, American Libraries is the official magazine of the American Library Association.
At some point in time, Wayne A. Wiegand expressed hope that librarians would remember Klas August Linderfelt.
At some point in time, Wayne A. Wiegand expressed hope that remembering Klas August Linderfelt would provide some balance against the too-frequent eulogistic treatment accorded the Winsors, Pooles, and Deweys of library history.
At some point in time, Wayne A. Wiegand expressed hope that the ALA would officially acknowledge Klas August Linderfelt as a past ALA President for the sake of historical accuracy.
At some point in time, a librarian responding to Wayne A. Wiegand's article echoed his sentiments.
At some point in time, the librarian noted Klas August Linderfelt's absence in the Dictionary of American Biography.
At some point in time, the librarian noted Klas August Linderfelt's absence in the National Cyclopedia of American Biography.
At some point in time, the librarian noted Wayne A. Wiegand's upcoming article about Klas August Linderfelt for the Dictionary of American Library Biography.
At some point in time, as of 2015, Klas August Linderfelt has not appeared on the official list of past ALA Presidents.
At some point in time, in 1991, former WLA presidents began the tradition of annually passing an urn with non-human ashes representing Klas August Linderfelt to each president at the end of