At some point in time, Hurricane Nate was an Atlantic hurricane that threatened Bermuda.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate remained at sea during early September 2005.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate was the fourteenth named storm of the annual Atlantic hurricane season.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate was the seventh hurricane of the annual Atlantic hurricane season.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate formed southwest of Bermuda on September 5.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate initially moved very slowly to the northeast.
At some point in time, early forecasts suggested a possible threat to Bermuda.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate passed well to the south of Bermuda as a Category 1 hurricane on September 8.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate entered a region with cooler sea surface temperatures after moving away from Bermuda.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate encountered unfavorable wind shear after moving away from Bermuda.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate weakened to a tropical storm before becoming extratropical on September 10.
At some point in time, the extratropical remnant of Hurricane Nate was later absorbed by a larger weather system.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate caused no structural damage while it was a tropical storm.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate generated rip currents that killed one person off the New Jersey coast.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate dropped light rainfall on the island of Bermuda.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate produced gusty winds on the island of Bermuda.
At some point in time, the remnants of Hurricane Nate contributed to heavy rainfall in parts of Scotland.
At some point in time, the remnants of Hurricane Nate contributed to heavy rainfall in Western Norway.
At some point in time, heavy rainfall in Western Norway triggered a mudslide that killed one person.
At some point in time, Canadian Navy ships en route to the US Gulf Coast were delayed while trying to avoid Hurricane Nate.
At some point in time, Canadian Navy ships were carrying relief supplies to assist in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
At some point in time, a tropical wave emerged from the west coast of Africa on August 30.
At some point in time, the tropical wave tracked westward across the Atlantic Ocean.
At some point in time, the tropical wave maintained a vigorous area of convection along the wave axis.
At some point in time, by September 1, most of the deep convection had been stripped away by southwesterly wind shear.
At some point in time, the tropical wave remained well-defined as it continued west-northwest.
At some point in time, the tropical wave split into two pieces.
At some point in time, the northern portion of the tropical wave passed between the Leeward Islands and Hurricane Maria on September 3.
At some point in time, the southern portion of the tropical wave moved into the Caribbean Sea.
At some point in time, on September 4, the northern portion of the tropical wave began to interact with an upper-level low pressure system.
At some point in time, the upper-level low pressure system was located between Bermuda and the Leeward Islands.
At some point in time, the same trough that contributed to the development of Hurricane Ophelia interacted with the northern portion of the tropical wave.
At some point in time, the low wind shear caused convection to redevelop and organize along the wave axis.
At some point in time, convective banding formed around a broad surface low.
At some point in time, the system developed into a tropical depression at 1800 UTC on September 5.
At some point in time, at the time of development, the system was located approximately 350 miles (560 km) to the south-southwest of Bermuda.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Fifteen developed deep convection close to the center of circulation.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Fifteen developed deep convection to the east of the center of circulation.
At some point in time, banding features became better organized after Tropical Depression Fifteen was designated.
At some point in time, the overall cloud pattern improved later on September 5.
At some point in time, thunderstorm activity condensed and deepened within the increasingly well-defined circulation.
At some point in time, Tropical Depression Fifteen intensified into a tropical storm just six hours after being designated.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center gave the name Nate to the tropical storm.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nate drifted slowly northeastward towards Bermuda over the following two days.
At some point in time, in the early hours of September 6, Tropical Storm Nate became quasi-stationary.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nate became quasi-stationary under a weak steering pattern between Hurricane Maria and a disturbance over The Bahamas.
At some point in time, satellite imagery indicated that the cloud pattern continued to organize around Tropical Storm Nate.
At some point in time, excellent outflow surrounded Tropical Storm Nate.
At some point in time, a developing banding eye feature became evident late on September 6.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nate strengthened further and became a hurricane at 1200 UTC on September 7.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nate began to turn away from Bermuda after becoming a hurricane.
At some point in time, some models indicated that Hurricane Nate could have been either absorbed by or merged with Hurricane Maria.
At some point in time, the National Hurricane Center forecast that Hurricane Nate would survive as a separate system.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate reached its peak intensity of 90 mph (145 km/h) late on September 8.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate passed 120 miles (205 km) southeast of Bermuda at peak intensity.
At some point in time, the strongest winds of Hurricane Nate remained well offshore.
At some point in time, while at peak intensity, Hurricane Nate maintained a well-organized convective pattern.
At some point in time, increasing wind shear and dry air caused Hurricane Nate to weaken back into a tropical storm later on September 9.
At some point in time, satellite imagery showed that the cloud pattern of Hurricane Nate began to rapidly deteriorate.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate was downgraded to a tropical storm at 1800 UTC on September 9.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate continued to weaken as wind shear increased in association with an approaching trough.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate continued to weaken as wind shear increased in association with a related cold front.
At some point in time, by late on September 9, all of the already limited convective activity was confined to the eastern semicircle.
At some point in time, the low-level center of Hurricane Nate was left exposed by late on September 9.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate was reduced to a swirl of low-level clouds just hours later.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate became extratropical the next day.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate became absorbed by a larger system by 0000 UTC on September 13.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate was located to the north-northeast of the Azores when it became absorbed.
At some point in time, a tropical storm watch was issued for Bermuda early on September 7.
At some point in time, a tropical storm warning superseded the tropical storm watch later on September 7.
At some point in time, a hurricane watch superseded the tropical storm warning later on September 7.
At some point in time, the storm did not land on Bermuda.
At some point in time, the warnings for Bermuda were canceled as the storm moved away on September 8.
At some point in time, four cruise ships left Bermuda early.
At some point in time, flights were canceled in anticipation of Hurricane Nate.
At some point in time, at 0400 UTC on September 8, the National Hurricane Center assessed a 34% chance that Hurricane Nate would pass within 75 miles (121 km) of Bermuda.
At some point in time, the outer bands of Hurricane Nate brushed Bermuda with sustained winds of 35 mph (55 km/h).
At some point in time, the outer bands of Hurricane Nate produced widespread showers in Bermuda.
At some point in time, gusts from Hurricane Nate peaked at roughly 50 mph (80 km/h).
At some point in time, less than 1 inch (25 mm) of rain was recorded at Bermuda International Airport.
At some point in time, the Bermuda Weather Service observed that Bermuda did not experience the worst-case scenario with Hurricane Nate.
At some point in time, there were no fatalities as a result of Hurricane Nate in Bermuda.
At some point in time, no damage was reported in Bermuda as a result of Hurricane Nate.
At some point in time, two ships reported tropical storm-force winds in association with Hurricane Nate.
At some point in time, the Maersk New Orleans reported tropical storm-force winds to the north of Hurricane Nate's center.
At some point in time, a ship with the call sign WCZ858 reported tropical storm-force winds to the east-southeast of Hurricane Nate.
At some point in time, rip currents from Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria killed one person in New Jersey.
At some point in time, rip currents from Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria injured another person in New Jersey.
At some point in time, several others were caught in rip currents in New Jersey but were able to escape.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate contributed to heightened seas in the Carolinas.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate contributed to heightened seas in combination with Hurricane Ophelia.
At some point in time, Hurricane Nate contributed to heightened seas in combination with persistent unrelated northeasterly winds.
At some point in time, a buoy just offshore Cape Fear recorded waves up to 12 ft (3.7 m).
At some point in time, tropical energy from the remnants of Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria merged to form a broad storm system.
At some point in time, the broad storm system tracked toward parts of Europe.
At some point in time, the mid-latitude cyclone produced a day of heavy rains across the Scottish Highlands.
At some point in time, the heavy rains across the Scottish Highlands included a 24-hour precipitation total of 5.17 in (131 mm) on the Isle of Skye.
At some point in time, the storm dropped torrential rainfall over Western Norway.
At some point in time, the region of Western Norway suffered extensive flooding and mudslides.
At some point in time, one mudslide in Western Norway killed one person.
At some point in time, nine more people were injured in the mudslides in Western Norway.
At some point in time, the remnants of Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria avoided England.
At some point in time, the remnants of Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria broke a streak of above-average temperatures in England.
At some point in time, the remnants of Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Maria filtered down much cooler Arctic air into England.
At some point in time, the influx of cooler Arctic air led to the first frost of the winter season in England.
At some point in time, temperatures down to −1.7 °C (28.9 °F) were recorded in England following the influx of cooler air.
At some point in time, readings below freezing were recorded as far south as Hertfordshire.
At some point in time, four Canadian Navy ships headed to the Gulf Coast of the United States.
At some point in time, the Canadian Navy ships were carrying relief supplies to help in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.
At some point in time, the Canadian Navy ships were slowed down while trying to avoid Hurricanes Nate and Ophelia.
At some point in time, the convoy of Canadian Navy ships included a destroyer.
At some point in time, the convoy of Canadian Navy ships included two frigates.
At some point in time, the convoy of Canadian Navy ships included an icebreaker.
At some point in time, the convoy of Canadian Navy ships developed a plan to travel between Hurricane Nate and Hurricane Ophelia.
At some point in time, the plan was developed to minimize damage to the cargo of the Canadian Navy ships.
At some point in time, crews of the Canadian Navy ships anticipated potentially rough seas and gusty winds even with the averted course.
At some point in time, crews of the Canadian Navy ships secured onboard supplies such as generators.
At some point in time, crews of the Canadian Navy ships secured onboard supplies such as chainsaws.
At some point in time, crews of the Canadian Navy ships secured onboard supplies such as diapers.
At some point in time, crews of the Canadian Navy ships secured onboard supplies such as cots.
At some point in time, the genesis of Tropical Storm Nate continued the unprecedented levels of tropical activity during the 2005 hurricane season.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nate developed on September 5.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nate was the earliest in any season that the fourteenth named tropical cyclone formed.
At some point in time, Tropical Storm Nate surpassed the previous record held by an unnamed storm during the 1936 season.