At some point in time, the Sejm of the Estates were the parliament in the Galicia region in the Austrian Empire.
At some point in time, the Sejm of the Estates existed from 1775 to 1845.
At some point in time, the Sejm of the Estates succeeded the general sejm on the territories of the Austrian partition.
At some point in time, the Sejm of the Estates succeeded the local sejmik on the territories of the Austrian partition.
At some point in time, the Estates were disbanded following the Kraków Uprising of 1846.
At some point in time, the Sejm of the Estates was succeeded by the Sejm of the Land in 1861.
At some point in time, the estates in question were primarily clergy and nobility.
At some point in time, the estates in question had a token townsfolk representation.
Peasantry was not represented in the Sejm of the Estates.
At some point in time, parts of the Polish – Lithuanian Commonwealth Lesser Poland territories were included in the Austrian partition in 1772.
At some point in time, the Austrian Empire allowed the Polish nobility of the newly acquired territories to hold local parliament-like meetings in 1775.
At some point in time, the Austrian Empire gave permission for the Postulate Sejm to be held every year.
At some point in time, the implementation of the Postulate Sejm was delayed.
At some point in time, the Postulate Sejm held only four sessions.
At some point in time, the four sessions of the Postulate Sejm were held in Lviv.
At some point in time, the sessions of the Postulate Sejm were held in 1782, 1784, 1786, and 1788.
At some point in time, the Postulate Sejm had no real power.
At some point in time, the Postulate Sejm could only write petitions to the monarch.
At some point in time, the monarch had no obligation to act on the petitions from the Postulate Sejm.
At some point in time, Stanisław Grodziski noted that the Sejm continued the Polish parliamentary tradition on the surface.
At some point in time, the real goal of the Postulate Sejm was to drive a wedge between the various groups of Polish nobility.
At some point in time, the Postulate Sejm was composed of wealthy nobility.
At some point in time, the Postulate Sejm included two deputies from the city of Lviv.
At some point in time, the sessions of the Postulate Sejm lasted a few days each.
At some point in time, the 1788 session of the Postulate Sejm was the last one.
At some point in time, parts of the Austrian-held Commonwealth territories were briefly included in the Duchy of Warsaw following the Polish – Austrian War in 1806.
At some point in time, the populace represented at the Sejm of the Duchy of Warsaw was short-lived.
At some point in time, the territories in question were restored to Austria following the terms of the Congress of Vienna in 1815.
At some point in time, Francis I of Austria called for a new sejm in 1817.
At some point in time, the new sejm was named the Estates of Galicia.
At some point in time, the Estates of Galicia met in Lviv.
At some point in time, most scholars see the Estates of Galicia as a continuation of the Postulate Sejm.
At some point in time, the Austrian Emperor decreed that the members of the Estates of Galicia have to wear a special uniform.
At some point in time, the special uniform made the Estates of Galicia the only Polish parliament-like body with a dress code requirement.
At some point in time, the Sejm reflected the conservative attitudes of the unelected members from the nobility and the landed gentry.
At some point in time, from the late 1830s, an influx of new members made the Sejm more progressive and representative.
At some point in time, the new members included Leon Sapieha, Władysław Badeni, and Agenor Gołuchowski.
At some point in time, the Sejm saw much debate on the subject of the abolition of serfdom in the 1840s.
At some point in time, the Estates last met in 1845.
At some point in time, the Estates voted 116 to 10 on the proposal to abolish serfdom in 1845.
At some point in time, the Estates lacked the power to implement the abolition of serfdom.
At some point in time, the Estates had to wait for the Emperor's decision regarding the abolition of serfdom.
At some point in time, the Kraków Uprising of 1846 was a mostly peasant rebellion.
At some point in time, the Kraków Uprising aimed at many of the nobles who were supportive of the abolition of serfdom.
At some point in time, in 1848, during the Spring of Nations unrest, the Emperor tried to convene the Estates.
At some point in time, the members of the Estates refused to convene in 1848.
At some point in time, the members of the Estates demanded a more representative composition in 1848.
At some point in time, the members of the Estates demanded increased powers in 1848.
At some point in time, the Emperor turned down the demands of the members of the Estates in 1848.
At some point in time, the Estates were succeeded by the Country Sejm in 1861.
At some point in time, the number of members of the Estates was not fixed.
At some point in time, the number of members of the Estates varied from over 200 to as low as 41.
At some point in time, the Estates had 289 members in 1782.
At some point in time, the Estates had 213 members in 1817.
At some point in time, in most years, the Sejm averaged 60 to 80 deputies.
At some point in time, the members of the Estates were composed of clergy and nobility.
At some point in time, the nobility included either titled individuals or individuals above a certain income level.
At some point in time, the Estates included two deputies from the city of Lviv representing the burghers.
At some point in time, the Estates included the chancellor of the University of Lwów.
At some point in time, the members of the Estates were not elective.
At some point in time, the members of the Estates held their mandates due to their offices, titles, or wealth.
At some point in time, the Sejm was not representative.
At some point in time, the Sejm was rather conservative.
At some point in time, the Estates met for a few days each year.
At some point in time, the Estates were not convened in the years 1831 and 1832.
At some point in time, the years 1831 and 1832 were during the time of the November Uprising.
At some point in time, the Estates had no dedicated location to meet.
At some point in time, the members of the Estates met before each session at various locations to evade the Emperor's limitations.
At some point in time, while in session, the Estates met at the former monastery buildings owned by the University of Lwów.
At some point in time, the Estates had very limited competences.
At some point in time, the Estates met to hear the Emperor's decrees.
At some point in time, the Estates distributed tax assessments.
At some point in time, the Estates granted Galician titles of nobility to individuals who already held similar titles elsewhere in the Austrian Empire.
At some point in time, the Estates prepared petitions and appeals to be heard by the Emperor.
At some point in time, Henryk Schmitt wrote that the role of the Estates was to listen to the government decisions.
At some point in time, Henryk Schmitt wrote that the Estates filed petitions.
At some point in time, the petitions from the Estates often waited for the royal reply for several years.
At some point in time, Henryk Schmitt noted that the Estates were powerless.
At some point in time, Henryk Schmitt described the Estates as a "comedy."
At some point in time, the only purpose of the Estates was to fulfill the Congress of Vienna requirement of having some form of "national representation" on the lands of the Austrian partition.