At some point in time, a tournament of 32 teams requires exactly 5 rounds to determine the winner.
At some point in time, for n players or teams where n is not a power of 2, log2 n is rounded up.
At some point in time, it is necessary to have at least one round in which not all remaining competitors play.
At some point in time, a tournament of 6 teams requires exactly 3 rounds.
At some point in time, in a tournament of 6 teams, either two teams sit out the first round or one team sits out the second round.
At some point in time, the same number of rounds is necessary to determine a clear winner in a Swiss-system tournament.
At some point in time, in photography, exposure values are measured in terms of the binary logarithm of the amount of light reaching the film or sensor.
At some point in time, the Weber–Fechner law describes a logarithmic response of the human visual system to light.
At some point in time, a single stop of exposure is one unit on a base-2 logarithmic scale.
At some point in time, the exposure value of a photograph is defined by a specific formula.
At some point in time, N is the f-number measuring the aperture of the lens during the exposure.
At some point in time, t is the number of seconds of exposure.
At some point in time, binary logarithms expressed as stops are used in densitometry.
At some point in time, binary logarithms express the dynamic range of light-sensitive materials or digital sensors.
At some point in time, an easy way to calculate log2 n on calculators that do not have a log2 function is to use the natural logarithm (ln) or the common logarithm (log or log10) functions.
At some point in time, most scientific calculators have natural logarithm or common logarithm functions.
At some point in time, the specific change of logarithm base formulae can be expressed by a specific formula.
At some point in time, the binary logarithm can be made into a function from integers to integers by rounding it up or down.
At some point in time, there are two forms of integer binary logarithm related by a specific formula.
At some point in time, the definition of the binary logarithm can be extended by defining a specific formula.
At some point in time, the extended function is related to the number of leading zeros of the 32-bit unsigned binary representation of x.
At some point in time, the integer binary logarithm can be interpreted as the zero-based index of the most significant 1 bit in the input.
At some point in time, the integer binary logarithm is the complement of the find first set operation.
At some point in time, the find first set operation finds the index of the least significant 1 bit.
At some point in time, many hardware platforms include support for finding the number of leading zeros.
At some point in time, the fls and flsl functions in the Linux kernel compute the binary logarithm rounded up to an integer plus one.
At some point in time, for a general positive real number, the binary logarithm may be computed in two parts.
At some point in time, the first part computes the integer part, called the characteristic of the logarithm.
At some point in time, the second step of computing the fractional part simplifies the problem.
At some point in time, for any x greater than 0, there exists a unique integer n such that 2^n is less than or equal to x and x is less than 2^(n + 1).
At some point in time, the integer part of the logarithm is simply n.
At some point in time, the fractional part is log2(2 - nx).
At some point in time, for normalized floating point numbers, the integer part is given by the floating point exponent.
At some point in time, for integers, the integer part can be determined by performing a count leading zeros operation.
At some point in time, the fractional part of the result is log2 y.
At some point in time, the fractional part can be computed iteratively using only elementary multiplication and division.
At some point in time, the algorithm for computing the fractional part can be described in pseudocode.
At some point in time, the algorithm starts with a real number y in the half-open interval [1, 2).
At some point in time, if y equals 1, then the algorithm is done and the fractional part is zero.
At some point in time, otherwise, y is squared repeatedly until the result z lies in the interval [2, 4).
At some point in time, let m be the number of squarings needed.
At some point in time, the result z equals y^(2^m) with m chosen such that z is in [2, 4).
At some point in time, taking the logarithm of both sides and doing some algebra leads to a specific formula.
At some point in time, once again, z/2 is a real number in the interval [1, 2).
At some point in time, the algorithm returns to step 1 and computes the binary logarithm of z/2 using the same method.
At some point in time, the result of the algorithm is expressed by specific recursive formulas.
At some point in time, in the special case where the fractional part in step 1 is found to be zero, this is a finite sequence terminating at some point.
At some point in time, otherwise, the series is infinite and converges according to the ratio test.
At some point in time, each term in the infinite series is strictly less than the previous one.
At some point in time, every m_i is greater than 0.
At some point in time, for practical use, the infinite series must be truncated to reach an approximate result.
At some point in time, if the series is truncated after the i-th term, then the error in the result is less than 2^(- (m1 + m2 + ... + mi)).
At some point in time, the log2 function is included in the standard C mathematical functions.
At some point in time, the default version of the log2 function takes double precision arguments.
At some point in time, variants of the log2 function allow the argument to be single-precision or to be a long double.
At some point in time, in MATLAB, the argument to the log2 function is allowed to be a negative number.
At some point in time, if the argument to the log2 function is a negative number, the result will be a complex number.