At some point in time, the trobairitz were Occitan female troubadours of the 12th and 13th centuries.
At some point in time, the trobairitz were active from around 1170 to approximately 1260.
At some point in time, the word trobairitz was first used in the 13th-century romance Flamenca.
At some point in time, the word trobairitz comes from the Provençal word trobar.
At some point in time, the literal meaning of the word trobar is "to find."
At some point in time, the technical meaning of the word trobar is "to compose."
At some point in time, the word trobairitz is used very rarely in medieval Occitan.
At some point in time, the word trobairitz does not occur in lyrical poetry.
At some point in time, the word trobairitz does not occur in grammatical treatises.
At some point in time, the word trobairitz does not occur in the biographies of the trobairitz or troubadours.
At some point in time, Trobairitz composed verses for the Occitan noble courts.
At some point in time, Trobairitz wrote verses for the Occitan noble courts.
At some point in time, Trobairitz performed for the Occitan noble courts.
At some point in time, Trobairitz are exceptional in musical history as the first known female composers of Western secular music.
At some point in time, all earlier known female composers wrote sacred music.
At some point in time, the trobairitz were part of courtly society.
At some point in time, the joglaressas were lower class counterparts to the trobairitz.
At some point in time, Bernart de Ventadorn may have been the son of a castle's baker.
At some point in time, the trobairitz were nobly born.
At some point in time, the most important trobairitz are Alamanda de Castelnau, Azalais de Porcairagues, Maria de Ventadorn, Tibors, Castelloza, Garsenda de Proença, Gormonda de Monpeslier, and the Comtessa de Diá.
At some point in time, throughout the 13th century, women of the court were expected to be able to sing.
At some point in time, throughout the 13th century, women of the court were expected to be able to play instruments.
At some point in time, throughout the 13th century, women of the court were expected to be able to write jocs partis.
At some point in time, the cultivation of womanly skills may have led to the writings of the trobairitz.
At some point in time, the trobairitz may have arisen due to the power women held in southern France during the 12th and 13th centuries.
At some point in time, women had far more control over land ownership in southern France during the 12th and 13th centuries.
At some point in time, Occitan society was far more accepting of women than were most other societies of the time.
At some point in time, during the Crusades, many men were away.
At some point in time, the absence of men during the Crusades left women with more administrative responsibility.
At some point in time, the absence of men during the Crusades left women with more power.
At some point in time, this society was not "feminist."
At some point in time, Fin 'amor exalted women while at the same time circumscribing many aspects of their lives and behavior.
At some point in time, there is difficulty in labeling the trobairitz as either amateurs or professionals.
At some point in time, the distinction between amateurs and professionals was complicated in the medieval era.
At some point in time, professionals were generally lower class.
At some point in time, amateurs had as much time as professionals to devote to their craft.
At some point in time, joglaresse were lower class.
At some point in time, professional composers were far less respected than the trobairitz.
At some point in time, both troubadours and trobairitz wrote of fin 'amors.
At some point in time, women were generally the subject of the writings of troubadours.
At some point in time, no other group of poets gives women so exalted a definition within so tightly circumscribed a context of female suppression.
At some point in time, the tension between the suppression of women present in the poetry of the troubadours and similar themes in the poetry of the trobairitz is a major source of discussion for modern commentators.
At some point in time, Trobairitz poetry pertaining to love tended to offer a less idealized conception of the subject than the poetry of their male counterparts.
At some point in time, Trobairitz poetry had a more conversational style of writing.
At some point in time, Trobairitz poetry had a less flourished style of writing.
At some point in time, Trobairitz poetry intended to more closely emulate a grounded vision of relationships.
At some point in time, the trobairitz wrote in the canso genre.
At some point in time, the trobairitz wrote in the tenso genre.
At some point in time, the trobairitz also wrote sirventes.
At some point in time, the trobairitz also wrote planh.
At some point in time, the trobairitz also wrote salut d’amor.
At some point in time, the trobairitz also wrote alba.
At some point in time, the trobairitz also wrote balada.
At some point in time, the trobairitz wrote no pastorelas.
At some point in time, the trobairitz wrote no malmariee songs.
At some point in time, the trobairitz wrote no pastorelas or malmariee songs, unlike their troubadour counterparts.
At some point in time, the trobairitz closely linked the action of singing to the action of loving.
At some point in time, Comtessa de Dia demonstrates this in her poem Fin ioi me don'alegranssa.
At some point in time, in her poem Fin ioi me don'alegranssa, Comtessa de Dia states that "Fin ioi me dona alegranssa / per qu'eu chan plus gaiamen."
At some point in time, the phrase "Fin ioi me dona alegranssa / per qu'eu chan plus gaiamen" translates as "Happiness brings me pure joy / which makes me sing more cheerfully."
At some point in time, the number of works attributed to the trobairitz is estimated at thirty-two songs.
At some point in time, the number of works attributed to the trobairitz ranges anywhere from 23 to 46.
At some point in time, there are a number of reasons why an exact number of works attributed to the trobairitz is not known.
At some point in time, in the courtly love tradition, it was common for poems to be written as an exchange of letters.
At some point in time, in the courtly love tradition, it was common for poems to be written as a debate.
At some point in time, some of these poems may have been originally written by one poet.
At some point in time, some of these poems were originally an actual exchange of epistles.
At some point in time, some of these poems were later gathered together in a manuscript.
At some point in time, some of these poems were between men.
At some point in time, some of these poems were between a man and a woman.
At some point in time, some modern editors attribute these poems solely to the man who originated the exchange.
At some point in time, some modern editors attribute these poems to both the man and the woman involved.
At some point in time, there is a long history of attributing these poems solely to men.
At some point in time, there is a long history of attributing these poems to men, even when all evidence points to the contrary.
At some point in time, poetry was highly stylized.
At some point in time, it is difficult to determine when a poet speaking as a woman actually was a woman.
At some point in time, it is difficult to determine when a poet speaking as a woman actually was a man.
At some point in time, this adds to the difficulty of attribution.
At some point in time, this adds to the difficulty of attribution, especially of anonymous writers.
At some point in time, there is some debate as to whether or not the poems by the trobairitz represent genuine feminine voices.
At some point in time, the trobairitz worked within the highly circumscribed conventions of the troubadours.
At some point in time, Matilda Bruckner suggests that the trobairitz spoke in her own voice as channeled through the voices of many others.
At some point in time, by manipulating the strict constructs of troubadour lyric, the trobairitz were able to create their own fictions of the female voice.
At some point in time, there is one notable instance where clear attribution is given to a woman, Bieiris de Romans.
At some point in time, Bieiris de Romans is also given as Beatritz.
At some point in time, the subject of the poem "Na Maria" is another woman, Na Maria.
At some point in time, in the poem "Na Maria," Beatritz expresses her love for Maria.
At some point in time, Beatritz expresses her love for Maria in the traditional fin 'amors style.
At some point in time, Beatritz expresses her love for Maria in terms of physical longing.
At some point in time, Beatritz expresses her love for Maria in terms of courtly admiration.
At some point in time, this poem, if not clearly marked as by a woman, would be assumed to be by a man.
At some point in time, some controversy surrounds the works of Bieiris de Romans.
At some point in time, scholars have suggested that the canso by Bieiris de Romans expresses lesbian desire.
At some point in time, the troubadour would typically speak to the domna.
At some point in time, the lyrical dialogue in the poem "Na Maria" takes place exclusively between one woman and another.
At some point in time, the lyrical dialogue taking place exclusively between one woman and another is an extreme rarity.