At some point in time, ROT13 is a simple letter substitution cipher.
At some point in time, ROT13 replaces a letter with the letter 13 letters after it in the alphabet.
At some point in time, ROT13 is a special case of the Caesar cipher.
At some point in time, the Caesar cipher was developed in ancient Rome.
At some point in time, there are 26 letters in the basic Latin alphabet.
At some point in time, ROT13 is its own inverse.
At some point in time, to undo ROT13, the same algorithm is applied.
At some point in time, the same action can be used for encoding and decoding in ROT13.
At some point in time, the ROT13 algorithm provides virtually no cryptographic security.
At some point in time, ROT13 is often cited as a canonical example of weak encryption.
At some point in time, ROT13 is used in online forums to hide spoilers.
At some point in time, ROT13 is used in online forums to hide punchlines.
At some point in time, ROT13 is used in online forums to hide puzzle solutions.
At some point in time, ROT13 is used in online forums to hide offensive materials from casual glance.
At some point in time, ROT13 has been described as the Usenet equivalent of a magazine printing the answer to a quiz upside down.
At some point in time, ROT13 has inspired a variety of letter and word games online.
At some point in time, ROT13 is frequently mentioned in newsgroup conversations.
At some point in time, applying ROT13 to a piece of text requires examining its alphabetic characters.
At some point in time, applying ROT13 requires replacing each letter by the letter 13 places further along in the alphabet.
At some point in time, when applying ROT13, the alphabet wraps back to the beginning if necessary.
At some point in time, the letter A becomes N in ROT13.
At some point in time, the letter B becomes O in ROT13.
At some point in time, the letter M becomes Z in ROT13.
At some point in time, the letter N becomes A in ROT13.
At some point in time, the letter O becomes B in ROT13.
At some point in time, the letter Z becomes M in ROT13.
At some point in time, only letters in the English alphabet are affected by ROT13.
At some point in time, numbers, symbols, whitespace, and all other characters are left unchanged by ROT13.
At some point in time, the ROT13 function is its own inverse for any basic Latin-alphabet text.
At some point in time, two successive applications of ROT13 restore the original text.
At some point in time, in mathematics, two successive applications of ROT13 are sometimes called an involution.
At some point in time, in cryptography, two successive applications of ROT13 are called a reciprocal cipher.
At some point in time, ROT13 was in use in the net.jokes newsgroup by the early 1980s.
At some point in time, ROT13 is used to hide potentially offensive jokes.
At some point in time, ROT13 is used to obscure an answer to a puzzle.
At some point in time, a shift of thirteen was chosen for ROT13 over other values.
At some point in time, the original Caesar cipher used a shift of three.
At some point in time, thirteen is the value for which encoding and decoding are equivalent in ROT13.
At some point in time, ROT13 allows the convenience of a single command for both encoding and decoding.
At some point in time, ROT13 is typically supported as a built-in feature in newsreading software.
At some point in time, email addresses are sometimes encoded with ROT13 to hide them from less sophisticated spam bots.
At some point in time, ROT13 is an example of the encryption algorithm known as a Caesar cipher.
At some point in time, the Caesar cipher is attributed to Julius Caesar in the 1st century BC.
At some point in time, in encrypted, normal, English-language text of significant size, ROT13 is recognizable from some letter and word patterns.
At some point in time, the words "n", "V", and "gur" are examples of recognizable patterns in ROT13.
At some point in time, words ending in "yl" are examples of recognizable patterns in ROT13.
At some point in time, ROT13 is not intended to be used where secrecy is of any concern.
At some point in time, the use of a constant shift in ROT13 means that the encryption effectively has no key.
At some point in time, decryption of ROT13 requires no more knowledge than the fact that ROT13 is in use.
At some point in time, the ROT13 algorithm is easily broken through frequency analysis.
At some point in time, ROT13 has become a catchphrase to refer to any conspicuously weak encryption scheme.
At some point in time, a critic might claim that "56-bit DES is little better than ROT13 these days."
At some point in time, the terms "double ROT13", "ROT26", or "2ROT13" are used with humorous intent.
At some point in time, the spoof academic paper "On the 2ROT13 Encryption Algorithm" exists.
At some point in time, applying ROT13 to an already ROT13-encrypted text restores the original plaintext.
At some point in time, ROT26 is equivalent to no encryption at all.
At some point in time, triple-ROT13 is equivalent to regular ROT13.
At some point in time, in December 1999, it was found that Netscape Communicator used ROT13 to store email passwords.
At some point in time, in 2001, Russian programmer Dimitry Sklyarov demonstrated that New Paradigm Research Group used ROT13 to encrypt their documents.
At some point in time, it has been speculated that New Paradigm Research Group may have mistaken the ROT13 toy example for a serious encryption scheme.
At some point in time, Windows XP uses ROT13 on some of its registry keys.
At some point in time, ROT13 is used in the Unix fortune program to encrypt potentially offensive dicta.
At some point in time, ROT13 provides an opportunity for letter games.
At some point in time, some words produce another word when transformed with ROT13.
At some point in time, examples of 7-letter pairs in the English language are abjurer and nowhere.
At some point in time, examples of 7-letter pairs in the English language are Chechen and purpura.
At some point in time, the pair gnat and tang are both ROT13 reciprocals.
At some point in time, the pair gnat and tang taken together is a palindrome.
At some point in time, the 1989 International Obfuscated C Code Contest included an entry by Brian Westley.
At some point in time, Brian Westley's computer program can be encoded in ROT13 or reversed and still compiles correctly.
At some point in time, the operation of Brian Westley's program, when executed, is either to perform ROT13 encoding or to reverse its input.
At some point in time, the newsgroup alt.folklore.urban coined the word "furrfu."
At some point in time, "Furrfu" is the ROT13 encoding of the frequently encoded utterance "sheesh."
At some point in time, "Furrfu" evolved in mid-1992 as a response to postings repeating urban myths on alt.folklore.urban.
At some point in time, some posters complained that "Sheesh!" as a response to newcomers was being overused.
At some point in time, ROT5 is a practice similar to ROT13 that applies to numeric digits from 0 to 9.
At some point in time, ROT13 and ROT5 can be used together in the same message.
At some point in time, ROT47 is a derivative of ROT13.
At some point in time, ROT47 scrambles the basic letters and treats numbers and common symbols.
At some point in time, ROT47 uses a larger set of characters from the common character encoding known as ASCII.
At some point in time, ROT47 uses the 7-bit printable characters from decimal 33 to 126.
At some point in time, ROT47 rotates characters by 47 positions without special consideration of case.
At some point in time, in ROT47, the character A is mapped to p.
At some point in time, in ROT47, the character a is mapped to 2.
At some point in time, the use of a larger alphabet in ROT47 produces more thorough obfuscation than ROT13.
At some point in time, a telephone number such as +1-415-839-6885 is not obvious at first sight from the scrambled result in ROT47.
At some point in time, ROT47 introduces numbers and symbols into the mix without discrimination.
At some point in time, it is more immediately obvious that the text has been enciphered in ROT47.
At some point in time, the GNU C library contains a function called memfrob().
At some point in time, the function memfrob() has a similar purpose to ROT13.
At some point in time, the function memfrob() is intended for use with arbitrary binary data.
At some point in time, the function memfrob() operates by combining each byte with the binary pattern 00101010 (42) using the exclusive or (XOR) operation.
At some point in time, the function memfrob() effects a simple XOR cipher.
At some point in time, the function memfrob() is self-reciprocal.
At some point in time, the function memfrob() provides a similar level of security to ROT13.
At some point in time, the ROT13 and ROT47 are easy to implement using the Unix terminal application tr.
At some point in time, the string "The Quick Brown Fox Jumps Over The Lazy Dog" can be encrypted in ROT13.
At some point in time, the same string can be encrypted in ROT47.
At some point in time, in Emacs, one can ROT13 the buffer or a selection with the command M-x toggle-rot13-mode.
At some point in time, in Emacs, one can ROT13 a selection with the command M-x rot13-other-window.
At some point in time, in Emacs, one can ROT13 a region with the command M-x rot13-region.
At some point in time, in the Vim text editor, one can ROT13 a selection with the command g?.