At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle is a Henrician castle in Cornwall.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was built by Thomas Treffry.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was built between approximately 1538 and 1540.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was built in response to fears of an invasion of England by France and the Holy Roman Empire.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle is a D-shaped stone fortification.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle is equipped with five gun-ports for cannon.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle overlooked the mouth of the River Fowey in Cornwall.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was protected by a curtain wall.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was protected by the surrounding cliffs.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle remained in use for many years.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was closed at the end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was brought back into service in 1855 during the Crimean War.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was fitted with two new artillery positions in 1855.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle soon became obsolete.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was abandoned after becoming obsolete.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was refortified during the Second World War.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was used to house a battery of naval guns during the Second World War.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was used to protect the coast against the threat of German attack during the Second World War.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was restored to its previous condition after the Second World War.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle is now managed by English Heritage.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle is a tourist attraction.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was built as a consequence of international tensions between England, France, and the Holy Roman Empire.
At some point in time, the Crown traditionally left coastal defences to local lords and communities.
At some point in time, the Crown only took a modest role in building and maintaining fortifications.
At some point in time, maritime raids were common during the time of St Catherine's Castle's construction.
At some point in time, an actual invasion of England seemed unlikely before the construction of St Catherine's Castle.
At some point in time, modest defences existed in the south-west and along the Sussex coast.
At some point in time, a few more impressive works existed in the north of England.
At some point in time, the fortifications in England were very limited in scale.
At some point in time, Henry VIII broke with Pope Paul III in 1533.
At some point in time, Henry VIII annulled his long-standing marriage to Catherine of Aragon in 1533.
At some point in time, Henry VIII remarried after annulling his marriage to Catherine of Aragon.
At some point in time, Catherine of Aragon was the aunt of Charles V, the Holy Roman Emperor.
At some point in time, Charles V took the annulment of Henry VIII's marriage as a personal insult.
At some point in time, France and the Holy Roman Empire declared an alliance against Henry VIII in 1538.
At some point in time, the Pope encouraged France and the Holy Roman Empire to attack England.
At some point in time, an invasion of England appeared certain after the alliance against Henry VIII.
At some point in time, Henry VIII began to improve his coastal defences in response to the alliance.
At some point in time, a small D-shaped stone fortification was built to protect Fowey Harbour in Cornwall.
At some point in time, Fowey Harbour was an important centre for trade.
At some point in time, the harbour was reached through the Fowey estuary.
At some point in time, the local town had protected the Fowey estuary with two blockhouses positioned along the river's edge.
At some point in time, the two blockhouses were the Fowey blockhouse and the Polruan blockhouse.
At some point in time, a boom chain was strung between the two blockhouses.
At some point in time, the new castle replaced the two blockhouses.
At some point in time, the new castle was located high on the headland overlooking the entrance to the estuary.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Point is the location from which St Catherine's Castle took its name.
At some point in time, construction work on St Catherine's Castle began between 1538 and 1540.
At some point in time, Thomas Treffry directed the construction of St Catherine's Castle.
At some point in time, by 1540, a map described St Catherine's Castle as only "half-made."
At some point in time, John Leland visited St Catherine's Castle in 1542.
At some point in time, John Leland described St Catherine's Castle as a blockhouse in 1542.
At some point in time, John Leland was hosted by Thomas Treffry during his visit.
At some point in time, John Leland recorded that the construction of St Catherine's Castle had been funded partly by Thomas Treffry.
At some point in time, John Leland recorded that the construction of St Catherine's Castle had been funded partly by the local town.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was held by Royalist supporters of King Charles I during the English Civil War of the 1640s.
At some point in time, the local burgesses reported that St Catherine's Castle was in a "ruinous" state in 1684.
At some point in time, Francis Grose visited St Catherine's Castle in 1786.
At some point in time, Francis Grose noted that St Catherine's Castle was still being maintained at the expense of the local town in 1786.
At some point in time, Francis Grose praised the "picturesque and romantic" position of St Catherine's Castle.
At some point in time, Francis Grose concluded that St Catherine's Castle was of "little importance, either to antiquity or architecture."
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was equipped with six cannons at the time of Francis Grose's visit.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle continued to be used as a battery until the end of the Napoleonic Wars in 1815.
At some point in time, fresh concerns of invasion were raised after the Crimean War broke out in 1853.
At some point in time, the coastline was refortified after the Crimean War broke out in 1853.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was redeveloped as part of the coastline fortification work in 1855.
At some point in time, two new gun positions were built around the old blockhouse in 1855.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was equipped with 64-pound (29 kg) rifled, muzzle-loading artillery pieces in 1887.
At some point in time, the artillery pieces were supported by volunteer forces.
At some point in time, the artillery pieces were used for training purposes.
At some point in time, the weaponry at St Catherine's Castle became obsolete.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle had fallen out of use by the end of the century.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was brought back into use during the Second World War by the British Southern Command.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle was used to defend the coast against German attack during the Second World War.
At some point in time, in June 1940, St Catherine's Castle was re-equipped as a gun battery and observation post.
At some point in time, additional concrete defences were laid around St Catherine's Castle during the Second World War.
At some point in time, two 4.7-inch (120 mm) naval guns were installed in one of the 19th-century firing positions at St Catherine's Castle.
At some point in time, a new gun position was built 50 metres (160 ft) to the west of St Catherine's Castle.
At some point in time, the new gun position was supplemented by a French 75-millimetre (3.0 in) gun.
At some point in time, the old blockhouse was used to control a minefield in the estuary below during the Second World War.
At some point in time, the guns at St Catherine's Castle were manned first by the 364 Coast Battery of the Royal Artillery.
At some point in time, the guns at St Catherine's Castle were manned then by the 379 Battery of the 557 Coast Regiment.
At some point in time, the battery at St Catherine's Castle was retired from active operations in November 1943.
At some point in time, the entire fort at St Catherine's Castle was decommissioned after 1945.
At some point in time, the newer defences at St Catherine's Castle were removed after 1945.
At some point in time, in the 21st century, St Catherine's Castle is operated by the heritage organisation English Heritage.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle is protected under UK law as a Grade 2* listed building.
At some point in time, St Catherine's Castle is protected under UK law as a scheduled monument.
At some point in time, the 16th-century blockhouse is a two-storey D-shaped design.
At some point in time, the internal dimensions of the blockhouse are 5 by 4.4 metres (16 by 14 ft).
At some point in time, the walls of the blockhouse are made of slate rubble up to 1.35 metres (4 ft 5 in) thick.
At some point in time, the blockhouse rests on a platform cut out of the bedrock.
At some point in time, the ground floor of the blockhouse originally had three semi-circular gun-ports overlooking the sea and the estuary.
At some point in time, one of the gun-ports on the ground floor of the blockhouse has since been blocked up.
At some point in time, the first floor of the blockhouse had two more gun-ports.
At some point in time, one of the gun-ports on the first floor of the blockhouse is now filled in.
At some point in time, the first floor of the blockhouse had smaller windows that could have been used for smaller gunpowder weapons.
At some point in time, the building had a fireplace and chimney.
At some point in time, the building had a small guard chamber by the entrance.
At some point in time, the building was topped by a parapet walk.
At some point in time, the blockhouse overlooks the sea and the estuary from its position on a rocky outcrop.
At some point in time, the blockhouse is surrounded by cliffs.
At some point in time, the blockhouse is enclosed by a curtain wall.
At some point in time, the curtain wall encloses a semi-circular area around 500 square metres (5,400 sq ft) in size.
At some point in time, the curtain wall incorporates slits for firing muskets.
At some point in time, a rectangular bastion protects the rear of the blockhouse.
At some point in time, the internal dimensions of the rectangular bastion are 5.7 by 3.2 metres (19 by 10 ft).
At some point in time, the walls of the rectangular bastion are 0.75 metres (2 ft 6 in) thick.
At some point in time, the original pathway to the blockhouse was blocked by later work.
At some point in time, the current steps up to the blockhouse are of 19th-century origin.
At some point in time, a flat-roofed magazine was cut out of the rock just below the blockhouse in the 19th century.
At some point in time, a gun platform with two circular recesses for gun carriage rails was constructed below the blockhouse.
At some point in time, the gun platform is protected by a granite parapet.
At some point in time, the curtain wall was reworked in the 19th century.
At some point in time, the curtain wall is marked by plaques labelled "WD 1855."
At some point in time, the recesses and marks from the additional defences in the Second World War can still be seen in places along the gun platform.