At some point in time, Jennifer Blow was born on 10 January 1991.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow is an Australian goalball player.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow is classified as a B3 competitor.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow started playing goalball in 2009.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow has several goalball scholarships.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow plays for the New South Wales women's goalball team.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow has won three silver medals at the Australian national championships.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow competed in the 2010 World Championships.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow competed in the 2011 IBSA Goalball World Cup.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow competed in the 2011 African-Oceania regional Paralympic qualifying competition.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow was selected to represent Australia at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in goalball.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow is nicknamed "Awesome" by her goalball teammates.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow was born in Narraweena, New South Wales.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow was born on 10 January 1992.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow has the visual disability of oculocutaneous albinism.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow has a congenital vision impairment.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow is 165 centimetres tall.
At some point in time, as of 2012, Jennifer Blow is attending the University of Sydney.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow is double majoring in Arts and Education.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow's double major would enable her to become an English and drama teacher.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow was awarded a New South Wales Department of Education and Training Teacher Education Scholarship in 2009.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow earned the NSW Institute of Sport Academic Excellence Award in 2011.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow has a goalball scholarship with the New South Wales Institute of Sport.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow has a goalball scholarship with the Sydney University Elite Athlete Program.
At some point in time, the Australian Sports Commission gave Jennifer Blow a A$7,000 grant in 2011/2012.
At some point in time, the A$7,000 grant was part of the Direct Athlete Support program.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow made her debut for the New South Wales women's goalball team in 2009.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow has earned three total silver medals at the national championships.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow earned one silver medal at the national championships in 2010.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow made her national team debut in 2010.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow represented Australia at the 2010 World Championships.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow's team finished eighth at the 2010 World Championships.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow's team finished sixth at the 2011 IBSA Goalball World Cup.
At some point in time, during the 2011 IBSA Goalball World Cup, Jennifer Blow found a rock shaped like the lucky egg from the film Cool Runnings.
At some point in time, the rock found by Jennifer Blow has become integrated into her team's pre-game ritual.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow must hold the rock and quote from the movie before every big game.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow's team made it to the quarter-finals in the 2011 IBSA Goalball World Cup.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow's team lost to Russia 3-6 in the quarter-finals.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow's team met the Spain women's national goalball team to try to earn a spot in the fifth/sixth place match.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow's team won against the Spain women's national goalball team 8-7.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow's team lost to the Israel women's national goalball team 6-8 in the fifth/sixth place match.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow played in the 2011 African-Oceania regional Paralympic qualifying competition.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow played in the gold medal game against the New Zealand women's national goalball team.
At some point in time, Australia won the gold medal game against the New Zealand women's national goalball team.
At some point in time, the Manly Daily described Jennifer Blow's play in the series as "instrumental" to the team's success.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow was named a member of the Aussie Belles for the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the Aussie Belles qualified for the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the qualification of the Aussie Belles for the 2012 Summer Paralympics came as a surprise.
At some point in time, the Australian Paralympic Committee had been working on player development with the idea of qualifying for the 2016 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, an Australian team had not participated in the Summer Paralympics since the 2000 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the Australian team earned automatic selection as hosts in the 2000 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the Australian team finished last in the competition at the 2000 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, Australia has not medalled in goalball since 1976.
At some point in time, going into the 2012 Summer Paralympics, the Aussie Belles were ranked eighth in the world.
At some point in time, Jennifer Blow was 21 years old at the 2012 Summer Paralympics.
At some point in time, the Aussie Belles played games against Japan, Canada, the United States, and Sweden in the 2012 Summer Paralympics tournament.
At some point in time, the Aussie Belles lost every game in the 2012 Summer Paralympics tournament.
At some point in time, the Aussie Belles did not advance to the finals in the 2012 Summer Paralympics tournament.