At some point in time, Mac Marcoux was born on 20 June 1997 in Haviland Bay, Ontario.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux is a Canadian Paralympic Alpine skier.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux won three titles at the IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup at the age of 15.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux won three medals in alpine skiing at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux won a gold medal in the men's visually impaired giant slalom at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux has numerous awards.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux was inducted into the Sault Ste. Marie Walk of Fame.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux has an older brother.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux has a younger sister.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux enjoys riding BMX bikes.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux enjoys riding mountain bikes.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux started skiing at the age of four.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux rode BMX bikes before becoming blind.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux raced go-karts before becoming blind.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux started losing his sight in 2006 due to Stargardt disease.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux became legally blind in 2007.
At some point in time, Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux is Mac Marcoux's brother.
At some point in time, Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux decided to put his college education on hold to assist Mac Marcoux with skiing.
At some point in time, Alpine Canada introduced Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux to a new kind of skiing called Para-Alpine.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were inspired by the McKeever brothers to do visually impaired para-alpine skiing.
At some point in time, Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux has been Mac Marcoux's sighted guide since he lost his vision.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux is classified as a B3 (visually impaired) athlete.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux competed at the 2013 IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup in Mount Hutt, New Zealand at the age of 15.
At some point in time, Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux was Mac Marcoux's guide at the 2013 IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux won three medals at the 2013 IPC Alpine Skiing World Cup.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux won a silver medal in the Giant Slalom at the 2013 IPC Alpine Skiing World Championships in La Molina, Spain.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux became the national Slalom champion at Sun Peaks, British Columbia.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux became the national Giant Slalom champion at Sun Peaks, British Columbia.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux competed in the 2014 Winter Paralympics in Sochi.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux was the youngest member of the Canadian Paralympic Team at the age of 16.
At some point in time, Robin Femy was Mac Marcoux's guide at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux won a bronze medal in the Downhill at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux won a bronze medal in the Super-G at the 2014 Winter Paralympics.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux won a gold medal in the Giant Slalom at the 2014 Winter Paralympics by over two seconds.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux said that winning gold at the 2014 Winter Paralympics was the best moment of his life.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux said he could not explain how amazing winning gold at the 2014 Winter Paralympics was.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were inducted into the Sault Ste. Marie Walk of Fame on 19 September 2014.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux raced BMX bikes with Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux before he was blind.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux fished after he lost his sight.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux rode mountain bikes at Whistler with a guide after he lost his sight.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux used a radio communication system while riding mountain bikes at Whistler.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were presented the H.P. Broughton Trophy.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were named into the Sault Ste. Marie Walk of Fame.
At some point in time, Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux were inducted into the Sault Ste. Marie Sports Hall of Fame in October 2014.
At some point in time, Debbie Amaroso is the mayor who inducted Mac Marcoux and Billy Joe (B.J.) Marcoux into the Sault Ste. Marie Sports Hall of Fame.