At some point in time, Denise Phua Lay Peng was born on 9 December 1959.
At some point in time, Denise Phua is a Singaporean politician.
At some point in time, Denise Phua is a disability rights activist.
At some point in time, Denise Phua had a successful corporate career spanning two decades.
At some point in time, Denise Phua became the president of the Autism Resource Centre (Singapore).
At some point in time, Denise Phua co-founded Pathlight School.
At some point in time, Denise Phua is currently a member of parliament (MP) representing the ruling People's Action Party (PAP) in Moulmein-Kallang GRC.
At some point in time, Denise Phua was previously a MP representing Jalan Besar GRC from 6 May 2006 to 18 April 2011.
At some point in time, Denise Phua has focused on developing programmes for the disabled and special needs communities in Singapore as a MP.
At some point in time, Denise Phua studied at Balestier Girls' Primary School.
At some point in time, Denise Phua studied at Raffles Girls' School.
At some point in time, Denise Phua studied at Hwa Chong Junior College.
At some point in time, Denise Phua graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Bachelor of Arts degree in English.
At some point in time, Denise Phua earned a Master of Business Administration degree from Golden Gate University.
At some point in time, Denise Phua held management positions at Hewlett-Packard.
At some point in time, Denise Phua held management positions at the Wuthelam Group.
At some point in time, Denise Phua founded a regional leadership training firm called the Centre of Effective Leadership.
At some point in time, Denise Phua's son was diagnosed with autism at the age of three.
At some point in time, Denise Phua consulted professionals and did research on how to help her son.
At some point in time, Denise Phua thought about how she could help other autistic children.
At some point in time, Denise Phua founded WeCAN, a charity that helps caregivers of autistic people.
At some point in time, WeCAN offers early intervention programmes for autistic preschoolers.
At some point in time, Denise Phua left the corporate world in 2005 to be a full-time special needs volunteer.
At some point in time, Denise Phua and her partners sold the Centre of Effective Leadership to Right Management.
At some point in time, Denise Phua became president of the Autism Resource Centre after leaving the corporate world.
At some point in time, Denise Phua often wrote to newspapers and government agencies about issues affecting the special needs community.
At some point in time, Denise Phua was a co-founder and former acting principal of Pathlight School.
At some point in time, Pathlight School is the first special school for autistic children in Singapore.
At some point in time, Pathlight School offers a mainstream curriculum to its students.
At some point in time, Pathlight School offers life skills education to its students.
At some point in time, Denise Phua is a believer in helping autistic people realize their potential and integrate into society.
At some point in time, Denise Phua helped develop many of Pathlight School's programmes.
At some point in time, Pathlight School includes employability skills training through a student-run café.
At some point in time, Pathlight School includes specialized vocational training.
At some point in time, Pathlight School includes satellite classes where Pathlight students mix with mainstream students.
At some point in time, in four years, enrolment at Pathlight School increased tenfold.
At some point in time, Pathlight School attracted media attention for its impact on students.
At some point in time, Denise Phua joined the ruling PAP's Jalan Besar branch in 2004.
At some point in time, Denise Phua was appointed to the Feedback Supervisory Panel in 2005.
At some point in time, the Feedback Supervisory Panel leads the government's Feedback Unit.
At some point in time, Denise Phua was fielded as a PAP candidate in Jalan Besar GRC during the 2006 general election.
At some point in time, the Singapore Democratic Alliance contested Jalan Besar GRC in the 2006 general election.
At some point in time, Denise Phua promised to make Singapore a more inclusive society during the election campaign.
At some point in time, Denise Phua aimed to represent the disabled and special needs communities during the election campaign.
At some point in time, the PAP team won Jalan Besar GRC with 69.26% of the vote in the 2006 general election.
At some point in time, in July 2006, the PAP formed a workgroup headed by Denise Phua.
At some point in time, the workgroup explored initiatives to improve the financial security of disabled and special needs children.
At some point in time, Denise Phua led a committee that drew up a five-year plan to improve services for special needs children.
At some point in time, the PAP studied the proposals from Denise Phua's committee.
At some point in time, the PAP later implemented some proposals, such as a National non-profit Special Needs Trust Fund.
At some point in time, laws were drafted to prohibit abuse of the mentally disabled.
At some point in time, laws were drafted to allow parents to appoint someone to look after their special needs children after they die.
At some point in time, Denise Phua criticized the PAP's "many helping hands" approach.
At some point in time, Denise Phua stated that special education should be led by the Ministry of Education (MOE).
At some point in time, Denise Phua argued that the Ministry of Education had more resources and expertise for special education.
At some point in time, Minister for Community Development, Youth and Sports Vivian Balakrishnan defended the PAP's policy.
At some point in time, Vivian Balakrishnan argued that the PAP's policy reduced bureaucracy.
At some point in time, Vivian Balakrishnan argued that the PAP's policy left jobs to the right people.
At some point in time, the Ministry of Education agreed to play a more active role in special education.
At some point in time, the Ministry of Education increased funding for special education.
At some point in time, the Ministry of Education increased teacher training for special education.
At some point in time, the Ministry of Education introduced more satellite classes in mainstream schools.
At some point in time, the Ministry of Education helped special schools set targets for learning outcomes, such as O-Level passes.
At some point in time, Denise Phua spoke out during the second reading of the Remote Gambling Bill in 2014.
At some point in time, Denise Phua called for a complete ban on remote gambling during the second reading of the Remote Gambling Bill.
At some point in time, Denise Phua caused widespread controversy in April 2016.
At some point in time, Denise Phua suggested the installation of fences at communal areas in Little India during a debate on the Ministry of Home Affairs' budget in Parliament.
At some point in time, Denise Phua suggested installing fences at playgrounds in Little India to prevent the congregation of foreign workers.
At some point in time, Denise Phua suggested installing fences at playgrounds in Little India to allow residents to use the facilities away from foreign workers.
At some point in time, Denise Phua remarked that congregations of high density are walking time-bombs and public disorder incidents waiting to happen.
At some point in time, Denise Phua apologized two days after causing widespread controversy.