At some point in time, John Cameron was a merchant and politician in Alberta, Canada.
At some point in time, John Cameron was a municipal councillor in Edmonton.
At some point in time, John Cameron is regarded as one of Edmonton's pioneer citizens.
At some point in time, John Cameron was born in Canada West (later Ontario) on May 28, 1846.
At some point in time, John Cameron died on October 6, 1919.
At some point in time, John Cameron was 73 years old at the time of his death.
At some point in time, John Cameron worked as a merchant in Canada West and Manitoba before coming to Edmonton in 1881.
At some point in time, John Cameron owned and operated a store in Edmonton for 15 years.
At some point in time, John Cameron served on the inaugural Edmonton Board of Trade as president for five years.
At some point in time, John Cameron was involved in the development of the Edmonton Public School Board in the 1890s.
At some point in time, John Cameron won election to Edmonton's first town council in 1892.
At some point in time, John Cameron served an additional term on Edmonton's town council when elected in 1895.
At some point in time, John Cameron retired from politics after his second term on Edmonton's town council.
At some point in time, John Cameron worked in the coal and real estate business until his death in 1919.
At some point in time, John Cameron was lauded as one of the pioneer citizens of Edmonton upon his death.
At some point in time, a street was named for John Cameron in Edmonton.
At some point in time, a neighbourhood was named for John Cameron in Edmonton.
At some point in time, a ravine was named for John Cameron in Edmonton.
At some point in time, John Cameron was born at East Hawkesbury, Canada West.
At some point in time, Colin Cameron was John Cameron's father.
At some point in time, Anna (née McLaurin) Cameron was John Cameron's mother.
At some point in time, Sir Douglas Cameron was John Cameron's brother.
At some point in time, Sir Douglas Cameron served in the Ontario Legislature.
At some point in time, Sir Douglas Cameron served as Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba.
At some point in time, John Cameron attended school in Hawkesbury and Renfrew.
At some point in time, John Cameron became a merchant at Vankleek Hill in 1871.
At some point in time, John Cameron had a partner in the firm Cameron & Mode General Merchants.
At some point in time, John Cameron relocated to Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1876.
At some point in time, John Cameron established Cameron & Company general merchants in Winnipeg.
At some point in time, John Cameron remained in Winnipeg until 1881.
At some point in time, John Cameron moved from Winnipeg to Edmonton in 1881 by ox-cart.
At some point in time, John Cameron traveled through Carlton and Battleford to reach Edmonton.
At some point in time, John Cameron brought 96,000 pounds (44,000 kg) of freight to Edmonton.
At some point in time, John Cameron's journey to Edmonton took three months.
At some point in time, John Cameron used the freight as the initial inventory of a store in Edmonton.
At some point in time, the store in Edmonton was called the A. McDonald Company.
At some point in time, John Cameron entered into a partnership for the A. McDonald Company.
At some point in time, John Cameron purchased the A. McDonald Company store from its original owner in 1891.
At some point in time, John Cameron moved into a new building in Edmonton in 1893.
At some point in time, William S. Edmiston designed the new building for John Cameron.
At some point in time, Kenneth McLeod constructed the new building for John Cameron.
At some point in time, the new building was located on Jasper Avenue.
At some point in time, the new building included a cellar, main floor for merchandise and storage, and an upper storey.
At some point in time, the upper storey of the new building was heated in its entirety by a furnace.
At some point in time, John Cameron operated the store until 1896.
At some point in time, John Cameron entered into the real estate and coal business after selling the store.
At some point in time, in 1914, John Cameron was serving as managing director and treasurer of Gainford Colleries Ltd.
At some point in time, in 1914, John Cameron was serving as chairman of the provisional directors of the Canada Northwest Loan and Mortgage Company.
At some point in time, John Cameron was elected the first president of the Edmonton Board of Trade upon its founding in 1889.
At some point in time, John Cameron served as president of the Edmonton Board of Trade until 1894.
At some point in time, John Cameron played a vital role in the development of the school system in Edmonton.
At some point in time, John Cameron involved himself in education-related affairs as early as 1881.
At some point in time, John Cameron served on the public school board from 1886 to 1887.
At some point in time, John Cameron served on the public school board from 1889 until 1897.
At some point in time, John Cameron was part of a group that provided funds for the first school teacher in Edmonton in 1881.
At some point in time, John Cameron was responsible for introducing a fee for parents of students attending schools in the Edmonton Public School District in 1886.
At some point in time, parents of students who did not live within the Edmonton Public School District were required to pay a fee.
At some point in time, district residents were taxed for the school's services.
At some point in time, John Cameron served as secretary-treasurer of the school board from 1882 to 1884.
At some point in time, John Cameron served as chairman of the school board from 1890 to 1892.
At some point in time, John Cameron served as chairman of the school board from 1894.
At some point in time, John Cameron was one of six candidates elected as aldermen to Edmonton's first town council in 1892.
At some point in time, John Cameron received the fifth most votes of the fourteen candidates in the 1892 town council election.
At some point in time, John Cameron was defeated in his 1893 re-election bid.
At some point in time, John Cameron finished seventh of nine candidates in the 1893 re-election bid.
At some point in time, John Cameron briefly returned to the council after being elected again in 1895.
At some point in time, John Cameron did not seek re-election the following year after his brief return to the council.
At some point in time, John Cameron remained out of politics after not seeking re-election.
At some point in time, during his first term on the council, John Cameron was involved in an altercation regarding a decision by the dominion government.
At some point in time, the dominion government made a decision to move the Dominion Land Office from Edmonton to Strathcona.
At some point in time, Strathcona was a separate town south of the North Saskatchewan River at the time.
At some point in time, angry citizens descended on the office when news of the decision arrived in Edmonton.
At some point in time, angry citizens tore to pieces the wagon that the officer was packing with records for transportation.
At some point in time, Matthew McCauley was the mayor of Edmonton during John Cameron's first term on the council.
At some point in time, John Cameron was part of a group of prominent citizens that headed the resistance against the dominion government's decision.
At some point in time, the dominion government reversed its decision due to the resistance led by John Cameron and others.
At some point in time, John Cameron married Jane Vogan at Vankleek Hill in 1872.
At some point in time, Jane Vogan died some time after marrying John Cameron.
At some point in time, John Cameron remarried Elizabeth Ann McCann on November 8, 1875.
At some point in time, John Cameron and Elizabeth Ann McCann had two sons.
At some point in time, the names of John Cameron's sons are John Hilliard and Howard.
At some point in time, John Cameron and Elizabeth Ann McCann had four daughters.
At some point in time, the names of John Cameron's daughters are Mabel, Florence, Alice, and Jessie.
At some point in time, John Cameron was a member of the Edmonton Old Timers' Association.
At some point in time, John Cameron was a member of the Edmonton Agricultural Society.
At some point in time, John Cameron was an avid outdoorsman.
At some point in time, John Cameron enjoyed canoeing in the Edmonton North Saskatchewan River Valley.
At some point in time, John Cameron enjoyed hiking in the Edmonton North Saskatchewan River Valley.
At some point in time, John Cameron and Elizabeth Ann McCann were early members of the Presbyterian church in Edmonton.
At some point in time, John Cameron attended First Presbyterian Church in Edmonton.
At some point in time, John Cameron was an elder at First Presbyterian Church in Edmonton.
At some point in time, John Cameron served as an independent on the Edmonton Town Council.
At some point in time, John Cameron was a Liberal.
At some point in time, John Cameron died of heart failure in the morning of October 6, 1919.
At some point in time, John Cameron died after a brief illness at his Edmonton home.
At some point in time, John Cameron was survived by his wife and children.
At some point in time, John Cameron's funeral was held at his home on Cameron Avenue.
At some point in time, John Cameron was buried at the Edmonton Cemetery.
At some point in time, the Edmonton Bulletin praised John Cameron for his efforts in establishing the foundations of the city of Edmonton at the time of his death.
At some point in time, the Edmonton Bulletin remarked that the city owes much to John Cameron because of his strenuous efforts with others in maintaining Edmonton as the permanent site for the city.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Cameron died in Edmonton in 1933.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Cameron was 79 years old at the time of her death.
At some point in time, Cameron Street in Edmonton is named in honour of John Cameron.
At some point in time, the neighbourhood of Cameron Heights in Edmonton is named in honour of John Cameron.
At some point in time, the Cameron Ravine in the vicinity of Cameron Heights in Edmonton is named in honour of John Cameron.