At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson, AM, DFC, AFC, DFM was born on 31 July 1920.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson is an Australian publisher.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson is a decorated military pilot.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was the owner of Peter Isaacson Publications.
At some point in time, Peter Isaacson Publications published various trade publications and suburban newspapers.
At some point in time, Peter Isaacson Publications included the Southern Cross and the Sunday Observer in Melbourne.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson served in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) as a pilot.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson served with RAF Bomber Command during World War II.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Air Force Cross.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson grew up in Melbourne.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson started working for a newspaper when he was sixteen years old.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson joined the RAAF in 1940.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson became well known in Australia for his tours in the Avro Lancaster Q-for-Queenie.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson promoted the sale of war loans.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson flew his plane under the Sydney Harbour Bridge in 1943.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson transferred to the RAAF Reserve after the war.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson retired as a wing commander in 1969.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson has served as a Trustee of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance since 1956.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson has served as Chairman of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson has served as Life Governor of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia in 1991.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for his publishing work.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for his community work.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was born in London.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's father was Australian.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's mother was Austrian.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's parents moved to Australia when he was six years old.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was educated at Brighton Grammar School.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson started work as a messenger boy on The Age at sixteen.
At some point in time, Caroline, Peter Stuart Isaacson's mother, edited women's features at The Age.
At some point in time, all of Peter Stuart Isaacson's immediate family served in World War II.
At some point in time, Arnold, Peter Stuart Isaacson's father, was a World War I veteran.
At some point in time, Arnold, Peter Stuart Isaacson's father, joined the Volunteer Defence Corps.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's mother became Public Relations Officer in the Australian Women's Army Service (AWAS).
At some point in time, Joan, Peter Stuart Isaacson's sister, became a photographer with the AWAS.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson enlisted in the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) on 8 December 1940.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was nineteen years old when he enlisted in the RAAF.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson completed his training in Australia and Canada.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was posted to the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson joined No. 460 Squadron RAAF at RAAF Breighton, Yorkshire.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson served as a sergeant pilot in No. 460 Squadron RAAF.
At some point in time, No. 460 Squadron operated Vickers Wellington medium bombers.
At some point in time, No. 460 Squadron was raised under the Article XV provisions of the Empire Air Training Scheme.
At some point in time, No. 460 Squadron participated in RAF Bomber Command's strategic air campaign against Germany.
At some point in time, No. 460 Squadron commenced operations in March 1942.
At some point in time, No. 460 Squadron participated in 1,000-bomber raids against Cologne, Essen, and Bremen in May and June.
At some point in time, No. 460 Squadron converted to Avro Lancaster heavy bombers in October.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal on 6 November 1942.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Medal for many successful night attacks on the enemy.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's Lancaster was damaged by a Junkers Ju 88 night fighter after a raid on Munich.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was commissioned as a pilot officer.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was subsequently posted to No. 156 Squadron RAF of the Pathfinder Force.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was based at RAF Warboys, Huntingdonshire.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross on 30 March 1943.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Distinguished Flying Cross for his actions during a raid on Berlin.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was hit by anti-aircraft fire during the attack on Berlin.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was severely damaged during the attack on Berlin.
At some point in time, the mid-upper turret frame of Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was twisted.
At some point in time, the perspex and two engine cowlings of Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft were blown off.
At some point in time, the aileron controls of Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft were damaged.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was forced down to 4,000 feet.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft was driven off the route and held in a cone of searchlights for 15 minutes.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's aircraft lost height down to 900 feet during the return journey.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson showed coolness, resolution, and skillful airmanship while flying his aircraft back to base.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson completed forty-five sorties with Bomber Command.
At some point in time, the likelihood of surviving an operational tour of thirty missions was never more than 50%.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was promoted to acting flight lieutenant.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was chosen in May 1943 to captain Lancaster Q-for-Queenie.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's landmark flight was from England to Australia across the Pacific Ocean.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's landmark flight included a non-stop flight from Melbourne to New Zealand and back.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was awarded the Air Force Cross on 27 August 1943 for his landmark flight.
At some point in time, the citation for Peter Stuart Isaacson's Air Force Cross noted that it was the first occasion on which an aircraft has flown to Australia by this route.
At some point in time, the direct flights between Melbourne and New Zealand are the first of their kind.
At some point in time, the Lancaster was brought to Australia to serve as a template for local production of the type.
At some point in time, the Lancaster was instead used for exhibition flights to encourage the purchase of war bonds.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson flew Q-for-Queenie under the Sydney Harbour Bridge on 22 October 1943.
At some point in time, a 1931 regulation prohibited flying under the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
At some point in time, the Lancaster remains the largest aircraft to have been flown under the Sydney Harbour Bridge.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson gave his crew no warning of what he was about to do.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson replied "Because it was there" when asked why he flew under the bridge.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson undertook the stunt to support the war loan effort.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson and his crew were actively fundraising for the war loan effort.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was threatened with a court martial after landing at Mascot.
At some point in time, two authorities wanted to court martial Peter Stuart Isaacson.
At some point in time, Eastern Area wanted to court martial Peter Stuart Isaacson.
At some point in time, Southern Command wanted to court martial Peter Stuart Isaacson.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was told there was a great fight among the bureaucrats of Eastern Area and Southern Command.
At some point in time, the bureaucrats could not agree on which command should be the prosecutor.
At some point in time, the idea of court martial either lapsed or may still be pursued by the successors to each of these commands.
At some point in time, in December 1943, Peter Stuart Isaacson settled down to instructional work at an operational training unit.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson undertook a further tour in the Lancaster commencing in March 1944.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson stood as the Liberal candidate for Prahran in the November 1945 Victorian state election.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was defeated by Labor's Bill Quirk in the November 1945 Victorian state election.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson's wartime commission was terminated on 21 February 1946.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson transferred to the RAAF Reserve after his commission was terminated.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was state commandant of the Victorian Squadron of the Air Training Corps from 1950.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was commandant of No. 21 (City of Melbourne) Squadron from 1961.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson retired in 1969 with the rank of wing commander.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson served as an honorary aide-de-camp to Queen Elizabeth II from 1963 to 1965.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson worked as an aviation correspondent for The Argus in Melbourne.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson set up his first newspaper, the Advertiser, in 1947.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson established Peter Isaacson Publications in 1947.
At some point in time, the Advertiser took over other community newspapers.
At some point in time, the Advertiser became the Southern Cross.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson edited and published the Southern Cross.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson edited and published the Sunday Observer.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson published various business and industry magazines.
At some point in time, Peter Isaacson Publications took over the Asher Joel Media Group in 1986.
At some point in time, Southern Cross was bought by APN News & Media in 1993.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson became APN News & Media's director.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson served as APN News & Media's director until 1998.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson chaired TW Media from 1997 to 2005.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson married Anne McIntyre in Melbourne on 21 December 1950.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson and Anne McIntyre had known each other since their teens.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson and Anne McIntyre delayed their wedding during Anne McIntyre's five-year struggle with polio.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson carried Anne McIntyre to the registry office on their wedding day.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson and Anne McIntyre's marriage produced two sons.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia on 10 June 1991.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for services to the print media.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia for services to the community.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson published "As I Remember Them: Men and Women Who Shaped a Life" in 2012.
At some point in time, "As I Remember Them: Men and Women Who Shaped a Life" is a collection of eulogies Peter Stuart Isaacson delivered for friends and colleagues.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson was among a group of thirty-two veterans selected to attend the dedication of the RAF Bomber Command Memorial in London in May 2012.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson attended the dedication as part of the official Australian delegation.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson is a Life Governor of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson served as a Trustee of the Victorian Shrine of Remembrance from 1956 to 2000.
At some point in time, Peter Stuart Isaacson served as