Æthelnoth was a medieval Archbishop of Canterbury.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth died in 1038.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth was descended from an earlier English king.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth became a monk prior to becoming archbishop.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth travelled to Rome while archbishop.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth brought back saint's relics from Rome.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth consecrated a number of other bishops who came from outside his archdiocese.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth's actions led to some friction with other archbishops.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth was regarded as a saint after his death.
At some point in time, there is little evidence of Æthelnoth's veneration in Canterbury.
At some point in time, there is little evidence of a cult for Æthelnoth elsewhere.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth was a son of Æthelmær the Stout.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth was a grandson of Æthelweard the Historian.
At some point in time, Æthelweard the Historian was a great-great-grandson of Æthelred I.
At some point in time, Frank Barlow believed Æthelnoth was probably the uncle of Godwin of Wessex.
At some point in time, Dunstan baptised Æthelnoth.
At some point in time, a story was told at Glastonbury Abbey about Æthelnoth's baptism.
At some point in time, during his baptism, Æthelnoth's hand made a motion similar to an archbishop's blessing.
At some point in time, Dunstan prophesied that Æthelnoth would become an archbishop.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth became a monk at Glastonbury.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth was made dean of the monastery of Christ Church Priory at Canterbury.
At some point in time, Christ Church Priory was the cathedral chapter for the diocese of Canterbury.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth was a chaplain to King Cnut of England and Denmark.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth was Dean of Canterbury.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth was consecrated as Archbishop of Canterbury on 13 November 1020.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth's elevation was probably a gesture of appeasement.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth's brother Æthelweard was executed in 1017 by Cnut.
At some point in time, Cnut banished Æthelnoth's brother-in-law named Æthelweard in 1020.
At some point in time, a later story stated that Cnut favoured Æthelnoth.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth bestowed chrism on King Cnut.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth participated in Cnut's confirmation as a Christian in 1016.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth participated in Cnut's coronation in 1017.
At some point in time, there are indications that Æthelnoth was a student of Ælfric of Eynsham.
At some point in time, in 1022, Æthelnoth went to Rome to obtain the pallium.
At some point in time, Pope Benedict VIII received Æthelnoth in Rome.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth bought a relic of St Augustine of Hippo for 100 silver talents and one gold talent.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth gave the relic of St Augustine of Hippo to Coventry Abbey.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth presided over the translation of the relics of Ælfheah.
At some point in time, Ælfheah was Æthelnoth's predecessor at Canterbury.
At some point in time, Ælfheah was regarded as a martyr and saint.
At some point in time, in 1022, Æthelnoth consecrated Gerbrand as bishop for the Diocese of Roskilde.
At some point in time, the Diocese of Roskilde was in Scandinavia.
At some point in time, the archbishop of Hamburg-Bremen was the metropolitan of Roskilde.
At some point in time, Gerbrand was consecrated by an English archbishop.
At some point in time, Gerbrand's consecration caused friction between him and his metropolitan.
At some point in time, Cnut was forced to concede that he would not appoint bishops in Bremen's archdiocese without the metropolitan's advice.
At some point in time, a later tradition held that Æthelnoth consecrated two Welsh bishops.
At some point in time, one Welsh bishop was consecrated at Llandaff.
At some point in time, one Welsh bishop was consecrated at St. David's.
At some point in time, William of Malmesbury praised Æthelnoth's wisdom.
At some point in time, a story of doubtful authenticity tells how Æthelnoth refused to crown King Harold Harefoot.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth had promised Cnut to crown none but a son of the king by his wife, Emma.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth died on either 28 October, 29 October, 30 October, or 1 November.
At some point in time, prior to his death, some of Æthelnoth's episcopal functions were performed by a royal priest named Eadsige.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth was buried in Canterbury Cathedral.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth is considered a saint.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth has a feast day of 30 October.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth is listed in Jean Mabillon's Lives of the Benedictine Saints.
At some point in time, Æthelnoth is listed in the Acta Sanctorum.
There is no contemporary evidence of a cult being paid to Æthelnoth at Canterbury.
There is no later evidence of a cult being paid to Æthelnoth elsewhere.