At some point in time, the 138th Boat Race took place on 4 April 1992.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is held annually.
At some point in time, the Boat Race takes place along the River Thames.
At some point in time, Oxford's cox Andrew Probert was the oldest competitor in Boat Race history at the age of 38 years and 86 days.
At some point in time, Oxford won the 138th Boat Race by one-and-a-quarter lengths.
At some point in time, the closest margin of victory for twenty years was in the 138th Boat Race.
At some point in time, the 138th Boat Race featured the first German competitor in the history of the event.
At some point in time, Dirk Bangert was the first German competitor in the history of the Boat Race.
At some point in time, Roger Stephens was the umpire of the 138th Boat Race.
At some point in time, Mike Rosewell wrote in The Times that the 138th Boat Race was "one of the greatest races since 1829."
At some point in time, Cambridge's Goldie defeated Oxford's Isis in the reserve race.
At some point in time, Cambridge won the Women's Boat Race in 1992.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is a side-by-side rowing competition between the University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge.
At some point in time, the Boat Race was first held in 1829.
At some point in time, the Boat Race takes place on the 4.2-mile (6.8 km) Championship Course.
At some point in time, the Championship Course is located on the River Thames in southwest London.
At some point in time, the rivalry between Oxford and Cambridge is a "hotly contested point of honour."
At some point in time, the Boat Race is followed throughout the United Kingdom.
At some point in time, the Boat Race is broadcast on several international television networks.
At some point in time, Oxford went into the 138th Boat Race as reigning champions.
At some point in time, Oxford won the 1991 Boat Race by four-and-a-quarter lengths.
At some point in time, Cambridge leads overall with 69 victories in the Boat Race.
At some point in time, Oxford has 67 victories in the Boat Race, excluding the "dead heat" of 1877.
At some point in time, the first Women's Boat Race took place in 1927.
At some point in time, the Women's Boat Race did not become an annual fixture until the 1960s.
At some point in time, the Women's Boat Race was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races until 2014.
At some point in time, the Women's Boat Race has been held on the River Thames since the 2015 race.
At some point in time, the Women's Boat Race is held on the same day as the men's main and reserve races.
At some point in time, the reserve race has been contested between Oxford's Isis boat and Cambridge's Goldie boat since 1965.
At some point in time, the reserve race usually takes place on the Tideway prior to the main Boat Race.
At some point in time, Max Justicz is the President of the Cambridge University Boat Club.
At some point in time, Max Justicz said of the previous year's race that "we were burned on that day."
At some point in time, Max Justicz described the previous year's defeat as "worse than other defeats because we thought we could win."
At some point in time, Nick Clarry is a crew mate of Max Justicz.
At some point in time, Nick Clarry focused on the approach to the 138th Boat Race.
At some point in time, Nick Clarry stated that "if we don't cross the line first on the day, nobody could care less who we are."
At some point in time, Beefeater Gin sponsored the 138th Boat Race.
At some point in time, Beefeater Gin announced a £1 million deal prior to the 138th Boat Race.
At some point in time, Beefeater Gin's deal is to continue their close involvement for a further three years.
At some point in time, Andrew Probert, Cambridge's cox, was aged 38 years and 3 months.
At some point in time, Andrew Probert was the oldest competitor in the history of the Boat Race.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew featured four returning Blues.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew featured two former Isis crew members.
At some point in time, Cambridge's crew saw three old Blues participate.
At some point in time, the Oxford boat was made up of five Britons, an Australian, an American, and a Yugoslav.
At some point in time, Cambridge was represented by seven Britons, an American, and Dirk Bangert.
At some point in time, Dirk Bangert is the first German to participate in the Boat Race.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew was coached by Steve Royle and Patrick Sweeney.
At some point in time, Oxford's crew was assisted by former East Germany Olympic coach Jürgen Gröbler.
At some point in time, Cambridge's crew was guided by John Wilson.
At some point in time, John Wilson was Oxford's successful coach of 1991.
At some point in time, Bert Green provided advice to the Oxford cox.
At some point in time, Jim Cobb provided advice to the Cambridge cox.
At some point in time, the 138th Boat Race commenced at 2:35 pm.
At some point in time, Oxford won the toss and elected to start from the Middlesex station.
At some point in time, the boats raced side-by-side for the first three-and-a-half miles of the race.
At some point in time, for fourteen minutes, neither crew held a lead of more than half-a-length over the other.
At some point in time, Umpire Roger Stephens issued warnings to both coxes for steering too close to one another.
At some point in time, the Dark Blues held a slight early advantage in the race.
At some point in time, Cambridge pulled ahead at Hammersmith Bridge.
At some point in time, Oxford edged ahead at Barnes Bridge.
At some point in time, Oxford passed the finishing post in a time of 17 minutes and 44 seconds.
At some point in time, Oxford finished one-and-a-quarter lengths ahead of Cambridge.
At some point in time, the 138th Boat Race had the closest finish in the last 20 years.
At some point in time, Boris Mavra, Oxford's Yugoslav rower, had to be lifted from the boat at the end of the race.
At some point in time, the Beefeater Gin Trophy was presented to the winning boat club president by Raymond Seitz.
At some point in time, Cambridge's Goldie won the reserve race by three-and-a-quarter lengths over Isis.
At some point in time, Cambridge's Goldie achieved their fifth victory in six years in the reserve race.
At some point in time, Cambridge won the 47th Women's Boat Race by one-third of a length.
At some point in time, Cambridge completed the 47th Women's Boat Race in a time of 6 minutes and 20 seconds.
At some point in time, Cambridge achieved their third victory in four years in the Women's Boat Race.
At some point in time, Mike Rosewell complimented all of the race participants in The Times.
At some point in time, Daniel Topolski described Oxford's win as "scintillating."
At some point in time, Daniel Topolski noted that the crews were "locked in combat for fully three and a half miles."
At some point in time, Christopher Dodd suggested that "the promise was delivered; a rare race."
At some point in time, Peter Bridge is Oxford's number five and a Great Britain international.
At some point in time, Peter Bridge noted Jürgen Gröbler's impact on the crew.
At some point in time, Peter Bridge stated that "we really felt the strength that we had built up over six months under Jürgen's methods."
At some point in time, Peter Bridge said that Cambridge was slower off the start than expected.
At some point in time, Steve Fowler is Cambridge's number seven.
At some point in time, Steve Fowler said that "we were feeling good but we should have closed the door there and then."
At some point in time, Steve Fowler stated that "we should have killed them on the bend."
At some point in time, Cambridge cox Andrew Probert conceded to his counterpart Liz Chick that "she steered very well."
At some point in time, Oxford coach Jürgen Gröbler stated that "it was wonderful."
At some point in time, Jürgen Gröbler said that "both crews... were very good — and so disciplined."
At some point in time, Jürgen Gröbler expressed that he likes university students.
At some point in time, Cambridge coach John Wilson lamented that "we failed to capitalise at Hammersmith."
At some point in time, John Wilson stated that "they grew in confidence thereafter."