At some point in time, James Edward Westcott was born on January 20, 1922.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott is a photographer.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott worked for the United States government in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, during the Manhattan Project.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott worked for the United States government in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, during the Cold War.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott was one of the few people permitted to have a camera in the Oak Ridge area during the Manhattan Project.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created the main visual record of the construction and operation of the Oak Ridge production facilities.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created the main visual record of civilian life in the enclosed community of Oak Ridge.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott is the son of Jamie Westcott and Lucille Westcott.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott moved to Nashville with his family as a child.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott expressed an interest in photography.
At some point in time, Jamie Westcott saved for a year to buy James Edward Westcott a Foth Derby camera.
At some point in time, the Foth Derby camera cost $25.
At some point in time, the gift of the camera started James Edward Westcott on the path to his future career.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott developed film for friends and neighbors during his teenage years.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott worked in several Nashville portrait studios.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott joined the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1941.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott worked as a photographer in the Corps' Nashville District.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott's job for the Corps sent him around the region.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of several dams.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of a site in Tennessee that later became a prisoner of war camp.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of the airport and other facilities at Fort Campbell on the Tennessee-Kentucky border.
At some point in time, the Army Corps transferred James Edward Westcott to the Clinton Engineer Works in December 1942.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott was 20 years old when he was transferred to the Clinton Engineer Works.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott worked as an official government photographer from 1942 to 1966.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott was the 29th employee hired for the Manhattan Project in Oak Ridge.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott was employed by the Roane-Anderson Company during much of World War II.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott was under contract to the Army Corps.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott photographed the construction and mechanical workings of the X-10 production facility.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott photographed the construction and mechanical workings of the K-25 production facility.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott photographed the construction and mechanical workings of the Y-12 production facility.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott photographed the construction and mechanical workings of the S-50 production facility.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott photographed civilian activities in Oak Ridge for the community's Army-sponsored weekly newspaper, the Oak Ridge Journal.
At some point in time, all of James Edward Westcott's wartime photos were produced with either a Speed Graphic or an 8x10 Deardorff view camera.
At some point in time, some of James Edward Westcott's images were distributed to news media with the announcement of the first atomic bomb.
At some point in time, some of James Edward Westcott's images were distributed to news media with the announcement of the secret project that created the first atomic bomb.
At some point in time, prints of 18 of James Edward Westcott's photographs were made in secrecy in preparation for the announcement before the bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945.
At some point in time, the photographs taken by James Edward Westcott were declassified and distributed as part of the press kit.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott processed film taken by the damage assessment teams in his laboratory in Oak Ridge.
At some point in time, it took three days for James Edward Westcott to print the film taken by the damage assessment teams.
At some point in time, armed guards were outside the darkroom where James Edward Westcott worked.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott became an Army employee again in June 1945.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott transitioned to employment with the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission after its formation in 1946.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott was assigned to the AEC headquarters near Washington, DC, in Germantown, Maryland, in 1966.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott worked for the AEC and its successor agencies until retiring in 1977.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott photographed nuclear power stations all over the United States.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott's assignments included creating photographic documentation of many notable people.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of Manhattan Project scientist J. Robert Oppenheimer.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of Manhattan Project scientist Arthur Compton.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of Manhattan Project scientist Glenn Seaborg.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of Manhattan Project scientist Vannevar Bush.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of Manhattan Project scientist Ernest O. Lawrence.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of Manhattan Project scientist James Bryant Conant.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of U.S. Army General Leslie Groves.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of U.S. Army General Maxwell Taylor.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of U.S. Army General Kenneth Nichols.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of Admiral Hyman Rickover.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of Secretary of War Robert P. Patterson.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of U.S. Senator Estes Kefauver of Tennessee.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of U.S. Senator Kenneth McKellar of Tennessee.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of U.S. Senator Robert A. Taft of Ohio.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of Tennessee Valley Authority director and AEC chairman David Lilienthal.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott created photographic documentation of seven or eight U.S. Presidents.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott's February 1946 photo portrait of J. Robert Oppenheimer is highly regarded.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott's February 1946 photo portrait of J. Robert Oppenheimer depicts him as a man weary from the tremendous weight of his experience.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott learned that J. Robert Oppenheimer wanted a cigarette but lacked the change to buy some.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott gave J. Robert Oppenheimer the money he needed to buy cigarettes.
At some point in time, J. Robert Oppenheimer bought cigarettes and lit one after receiving money from James Edward Westcott.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott captured an image of J. Robert Oppenheimer sitting next to a fireplace mantel in the Oak Ridge Guest House.
At some point in time, J. Robert Oppenheimer was holding a freshly lighted cigarette in his hand in the photograph captured by James Edward Westcott.
At some point in time, the photo of J. Robert Oppenheimer was carefully planned and posed according to University of Tennessee photography professor Baldwin Lee.
At some point in time, Baldwin Lee points out that James Edward Westcott instructed J. Robert Oppenheimer to sit "slightly askance."
At some point in time, Baldwin Lee points out that James Edward Westcott instructed J. Robert Oppenheimer to lean forward slightly.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott took the photograph of J. Robert Oppenheimer from a low vantage point.
At some point in time, the low vantage point enhances the perceived importance of J. Robert Oppenheimer in the photograph.
At some point in time, Baldwin Lee notes that J. Robert Oppenheimer's gaze does not appear to be directed anywhere in the room.
At some point in time, Baldwin Lee notes that J. Robert Oppenheimer's gaze is aimed at "something very distant and something only he can see."
At some point in time, much of James Edward Westcott's photographic work was classified when it was first created.
At some point in time, some of James Edward Westcott's photographic work remained classified for many years.
At some point in time, access to James Edward Westcott's work is now largely unrestricted.
At some point in time, about 5,000 negatives created by James Edward Westcott are archived by the National Archives in Washington, DC.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott's photographs have been widely reproduced.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott's photographs have often been reproduced without naming him as the photographer.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott's photographs have been reproduced in publications about the Manhattan Project.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott's photographs have been reproduced in exhibits about the Manhattan Project.
At some point in time, the first museum exhibition devoted to James Edward Westcott's work was organized by the Children's Museum of Oak Ridge in 1981.
At some point in time, the exhibition organized by the Children's Museum of Oak Ridge in 1981 was entitled "Oak Ridge Seen 1943 - 1947: 20 Photographs by Edward Westcott."
At some point in time, in 2005, the Ewing Gallery of Art and Architecture at the University of Tennessee in Knoxville mounted an exhibition of James Edward Westcott's photos.
At some point in time, the exhibition mounted by the Ewing Gallery of Art and Architecture in 2005 was entitled "Through the Lens of Ed Westcott: A Photographic History of World War II's Secret City."
At some point in time, the American Museum of Science and Energy has exhibits devoted to James Edward Westcott and his work.
At some point in time, the Children's Museum of Oak Ridge has exhibits devoted to James Edward Westcott and his work.
At some point in time, the Children's Museum of Oak Ridge displays James Edward Westcott's photos as part of exhibits on the city's history.
At some point in time, a selection of works from the Ewing Gallery exhibit is now a touring museum exhibit.
At some point in time, a photograph of an Oak Ridge supermarket created by James Edward Westcott in 1945 is titled "Tulip Town Market, Grove Center."
At some point in time, the photograph titled "Tulip Town Market, Grove Center" was featured by the National Archives as part of a 2005-2006 exhibit named "The Way We Worked."
At some point in time, collections of James Edward Westcott's Oak Ridge photographs have been published in the catalog to the Ewing Gallery exhibit.
At some point in time, the catalog to the Ewing Gallery exhibit was published by the University of Tennessee in 2005.
At some point in time, the catalog to the Ewing Gallery exhibit has the ISBN 0-9761663-1-3.
At some point in time, the book "Oak Ridge" was published by Arcadia Publishing in 2005.
At some point in time, the book "Oak Ridge" has the ISBN 0-7385-4170-2.
At some point in time, the book "Oak Ridge" has the ISBN 978-0-7385-4170-9.
At some point in time, a photo by James Edward Westcott of shift change at Y-12 during the Manhattan Project is blown up to 20 feet by 50 feet.
At some point in time, the blown-up photo by James Edward Westcott is displayed on the wall of the cafeteria at the Y-12 National Nuclear Security Complex.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott resides in Oak Ridge.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott was married to Esther Seigenthaler Westcott for 56 years before her death.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott and Esther Seigenthaler Westcott had five children.
At some point in time, Phil, who is James Edward Westcott's grandson, works as a photographer in Alaska for the National Park Service.
At some point in time, Phil documents the effects of global warming.
At some point in time, James Edward Westcott suffered a stroke in 2005.
At some point in time, the stroke that James Edward Westcott suffered in 2005 impaired his speech.
At some point in time, the Oak Ridge Kroger Marketplace shopping center opened in 2014.
At some point in time, the Oak Ridge Kroger Marketplace shopping center is named the "Westcott Center" in honor of James Edward Westcott.