At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was born on December 28, 1920.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert died on March 5, 2016.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was an All-Pro American football tackle in the National Football League (NFL) for the Philadelphia Eagles.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played his entire nine-year NFL career for the Philadelphia Eagles.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert became the team captain of the Philadelphia Eagles.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to play in the NFL's first Pro Bowl as a member of the Philadelphia Eagles.
During most of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's career, there were no football All-Star games.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to the league All-Pro team eight times.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played college football at the University of Michigan.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert is one of the three brothers who were named All-American tackles at the University of Michigan.
At some point in time, Whitey Wistert is one of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's brothers.
At some point in time, Alvin Wistert is one of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's brothers.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert and his brothers were later inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was the first Michigan alumnus to be selected to the NFL Pro Bowl.
At some point in time, the Wistert brothers all wore jersey No. 11 at the University of Michigan.
At some point in time, the Wistert brothers are among the seven players who have had their numbers retired by the Michigan Wolverines football program.
At some point in time, the Wistert brothers' number will be put back into circulation starting on November 10, 2012.
At some point in time, the Wistert brothers' number will be put back into circulation before a Michigan home game against Northwestern.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was born in Chicago, Illinois.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was from a Lithuanian family.
At some point in time, Kazimer Wistert was Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's father.
At some point in time, Kazimer Wistert was a Spanish-American War veteran.
At some point in time, Kazimer Wistert was killed in the line of duty while working for the Chicago Police Department.
At some point in time, John Kowalik was a classmate of Whitey Wistert at Carl Schurz High School.
At some point in time, John Kowalik was invited to visit the University of Michigan.
At some point in time, Whitey Wistert had a factory job where he was involved with building Majestic radios.
At some point in time, John Kowalik took Whitey Wistert with him on his visit to the University of Michigan.
At some point in time, according to Alvin Wistert, the story of the Wistert brothers at Michigan began with John Kowalik's visit.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert graduated from Foreman High School.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert became the second of the Wistert brothers to play for the University of Michigan.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert wore number 11 while playing for the University of Michigan.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played for the University of Michigan from 1940 to 1942.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was a consensus All-American in 1942.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was the team MVP in 1942.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played in the 1943 East-West Shrine Game.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert is well remembered for his exploits in a 1942 game against the Notre Dame Fighting Irish football team.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1968.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame one year after his brother Francis.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to the University of Michigan Hall of Honor in 1981.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the University of Michigan Hall of Honor alongside his brothers.
At some point in time, only five Michigan football players earned the honor of being inducted into the University of Michigan Hall of Honor before Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert.
At some point in time, the University of Michigan posted a 20-5-1 record during Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's three years on the team.
At some point in time, in 1940, the University of Michigan football team's only loss in its eight-game season was to the Minnesota Golden Gophers football team.
At some point in time, the Minnesota Golden Gophers football team was the eventual national champion in 1940.
At some point in time, the University of Michigan football team followed the 1940 season with 6-1-1 and 7-3 records in the next two years.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert served as captain of the College All-Star team.
At some point in time, the College All-Star team beat the Sammy Baugh-led National Football League champion Washington Redskins 27-7 in Chicago.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was the only one of the three Wistert brothers not to play on a national championship squad at the University of Michigan.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was drafted in the fifth round by the Philadelphia Eagles.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert signed a contract for $3,800.
At some point in time, $3,800 is equivalent to $51,965 today.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert encountered animosity from veteran players for having signed a large contract.
At some point in time, veteran players thought Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert signed for $4,500.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert earned All-Pro honors in eight of his nine seasons.
At some point in time, five of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's All-Pro honors were by consensus.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played as a two-way player.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert played his entire nine-year career for the Philadelphia Eagles.
At some point in time, the Philadelphia Eagles operated as a merged team with the Pittsburgh Steelers for one season during World War II.
At some point in time, the National Football League had no All-Star games between 1943 and 1950.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was a perennial All-Pro selection.
At some point in time, it is difficult to compare Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert to more modern players who are often measured by Pro Bowl invitations.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert served as Eagles captain for five consecutive seasons from 1946 to 1950.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named All-Pro in each season from 1946 to 1950.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was selected to the first Pro Bowl in his next to last season.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert recovered three fumbles in his final season.
At some point in time, the Philadelphia Eagles won the NFL Championships in 1948 and 1949 with Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert.
At some point in time, the 1948 and 1949 NFL Championships were the only consecutive NFL championships to win by shutout.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's number 70 was retired by the Philadelphia Eagles in 1952.
At some point in time, according to Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's College Football Hall of Fame biography, he started every game the Philadelphia Eagles played except for the 1950 season opener against the Cleveland Browns.
At some point in time, according to other statistical databases, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert only started about two-thirds of his career games.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's jersey is one of only seven retired Eagles jerseys.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert lamented not having been enshrined in the Professional Football Hall of Fame.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert lamented not being on the Philadelphia Eagles Honor Roll.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the Philadelphia Eagles Honor Roll on September 29, 2009.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was inducted into the Philadelphia Eagles Honor Roll alongside Randall Cunningham.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to the Pro Football Researchers Association Hall of Very Good in 2003.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was named to the Pro Football Researchers Association Hall of Very Good in the association's inaugural HOVG class.
At some point in time, after football, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert became a successful life insurance salesman.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert sold insurance for 40 years.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert lived in California after retirement.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert lived in Grants Pass, Oregon after retirement.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was married to his late wife Ellie for 61 years.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert has three daughters.
At some point in time, the names of Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert's daughters are Pam, Dianna, and Kathy.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert has three grandchildren.
At some point in time, at one point, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert was both coaching football at Riverside High School in Riverside Township, New Jersey and playing professionally.
At some point in time, according to Alvin Wistert, their father was born Casmir Vistertus.
At some point in time, according to Alvin Wistert, their father Anglicized his name to Wistert when he came to America.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert died at the age of 95.
At some point in time, Albert Alexander "Ox" Wistert died in Grants Pass, Oregon.