At some point in time, School District 53 Okanagan Similkameen is a school district.
At some point in time, School District 53 Okanagan Similkameen serves fragments of the southern Okanagan and lower Similkameen regions.
At some point in time, the regions served by School District 53 include Cawston, Hedley, Keremeos, Okanagan Falls, Oliver, and Osoyoos.
At some point in time, School District 53 includes a total of six communities.
All communities within School District 53 are in British Columbia, Canada.
At some point in time, the main maintenance department office of School District 53 is held in Oliver.
At some point in time, School District 53 consists of ten schools.
At some point in time, five schools in School District 53 are elementary schools.
At some point in time, three schools in School District 53 are high or secondary schools.
At some point in time, two schools in School District 53 are alternative schools.
At some point in time, Beverly Young is the superintendent of School District 53.
At some point in time, 2,665 students attend schools in School District 53.
At some point in time, School District 53 has 480 employees.
At some point in time, the motto of School District 53 is "Learning Today for Living Tomorrow."
At some point in time, all places within School District 53 are towns or villages.
At some point in time, School District 53 offers three adult learning outlets.
At some point in time, School District 53 offers an outreach school.
At some point in time, School District 53 offers three early learning centres.
At some point in time, School District 53 offers one elementary hockey academy.
At some point in time, School District 53 supports Aboriginal people.
At some point in time, School District 53 provides a school bus transportation service.
At some point in time, the school bus transportation service is responsible to the Director of Facilities.
At some point in time, the school bus transportation service has been considered for expansion.
At some point in time, School District 53 maintains a policy on emergencies.
The emergency policy of School District 53 was amended on April 30, 2008.
At some point in time, School District 53 has a smoke-free policy.
The smoke-free policy of School District 53 was amended on September 26, 2007.
At some point in time, School District 53 consists of ten schools within a total of six communities.
At some point in time, the schools of the lower Similkameen include Cawston Primary School.
At some point in time, Cawston Primary School is held in the town of Cawston.
At some point in time, the principal of Cawston Primary School is Linda Thiel.
At some point in time, Linda Thiel also served as the principal for Hedley Elementary School.
At some point in time, Hedley Elementary School is held in the town of Hedley.
At some point in time, Hedley Elementary School closed in January 2008.
At some point in time, the Okanagan Similkameen district voted four to two to close Hedley Elementary School.
At some point in time, both Cawston Primary School and Hedley Elementary School held students from Kindergarten to Grade 4.
At some point in time, the village of Keremeos is home to Similkameen Elementary Secondary School.
At some point in time, Similkameen Elementary Secondary School holds students from Grades 5 to 12.
At some point in time, the principal of Similkameen Elementary Secondary School is Marcus Toneatto.
At some point in time, the southern Okanagan holds seven of the ten schools in School District 53.
At some point in time, the main maintenance department office of School District 53 is held in the town of Oliver.
At some point in time, all schools in the Okanagan region maintain the same format.
At some point in time, elementary schools in the Okanagan region have children from Kindergarten to Grade 8.
At some point in time, secondary schools in the Okanagan region consist of pupils from Grade 8 to 12.
At some point in time, Okanagan Falls Elementary School is held in the town of Okanagan Falls.
At some point in time, the principal of Okanagan Falls Elementary School is Lisa McCall.
At some point in time, Osoyoos town is home to Osoyoos Elementary School.
At some point in time, the principal of Osoyoos Elementary School is David Foster.
At some point in time, Osoyoos town is home to Osoyoos Secondary School.
At some point in time, the principal of Osoyoos Secondary School is G. Heinrichs.
At some point in time, since 2001, British Columbia has invested over 4.8 million Canadian dollars on replacing Osoyoos Elementary School.
At some point in time, British Columbia has invested over 4.8 million Canadian dollars on replacing Okanagan Falls Elementary School.
At some point in time, School District 53 offers the Okanagan Similkameen Learning Centre.
At some point in time, the Okanagan Similkameen Learning Centre consists of students from Grades 8 to 12.
At some point in time, the principal of the Okanagan Similkameen Learning Centre is B. Hansen.
At some point in time, Oliver is home to Oliver Elementary School as of September 2011.
At some point in time, Oliver is home to Tuc-el-Nuit Elementary School as of September 2011.
At some point in time, the principal of Oliver Elementary School is Mike Safek.
At some point in time, the principal of Tuc-el-Nuit Elementary School is D. Foster.
At some point in time, the community of Oliver had a secondary school named Southern Okanagan Secondary School.
At some point in time, Southern Okanagan Secondary School was burnt by a fire in September 2011.
At some point in time, the fire occurred during the multi-million dollar renovation project of Southern Okanagan Secondary School.
At some point in time, the Royal Canadian Mounted Police's investigation found no conclusion regarding the fire.
At some point in time, the Government of British Columbia is contributing to the rebuilding of Southern Okanagan Secondary School.
At some point in time, the construction of Southern Okanagan Secondary School began in spring 2012.
At some point in time, the completion of Southern Okanagan Secondary School is slated for 2013.
At some point in time, School District 53 works with a number of Aboriginal people.
At some point in time, School District 53 signed an enhancement agreement to improve academic achievement of Aboriginal people.
At some point in time, 1,303 of the 2,665 students within School District 53 attend elementary schools.
At some point in time, 1,202 of the 2,665 students within School District 53 attend secondary schools.
At some point in time, 102 students within School District 53 are adult education students.
At some point in time, School District 53 contains 480 employees.
At some point in time, Marieze Tarr is the board chair of School District 53.
At some point in time, Lynda Minnabarriet is the secretary treasurer of School District 53.
At some point in time, John Slater is the MLA for School District 53.
At some point in time, School District 53 has five trustees.
At some point in time, the province of British Columbia gives funds to School District 53.
At some point in time, the funds given to School District 53 are based on the number of kids enrolled for the year.
At some point in time, further money is often left over by the end of the year.
At some point in time, StrongStart BC operates at three schools within School District 53.
At some point in time, StrongStart BC is an early learning initiatives program.
At some point in time, StrongStart BC operates at Okanagan Falls Elementary School.
At some point in time, StrongStart BC operates at Oliver Elementary School.
At some point in time, StrongStart BC operates at Cawston Primary School.
At some point in time, StrongStart BC operates at Osoyoos Elementary School.
At some point in time, the district's boundaries include three First Nations Bands.
At some point in time, the three First Nations Bands included in the district's boundaries are the Osoyoos Indian Band, the upper Similkameen Band, and the lower Similkameen Band.
At some point in time, the three First Nations Bands are all Indian governments.
At some point in time, an emergency at schools within School District 53 can result in school or bus transportation facilities.
At some point in time, the district's policy on emergency was amended on April 30, 2008.
At some point in time, the emergency policy includes fire, threats or facilities, violence, school bus accidents, severe weather, earthquakes, hazardous spills, accidents, explosions, or floods.
At some point in time, the emergency policy was amended because the district recognizes the importance of emergencies.
At some point in time, the emergencies can be both natural and human.
At some point in time, the district necessitates to develop plans for emergencies.
At some point in time, School District 53 maintains a smoke-free policy.
At some point in time, it is prohibited to smoke in a School District 53 area.
At some point in time, the smoke-free policy was amended on September 26, 2007.