At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math is a Nintendo edutainment video game.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was originally released in Japan as Donkey Kong Jr. 's Math Play.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was released in Japan in 1983 for the Family Computer.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was released in North America for the NES's nationwide launch in 1986.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was released in PAL regions in 1986.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math is the only game in the "Education Series" of NES games in North America.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was made available in the video game Animal Crossing.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console in 2007.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii U's Virtual Console in 2014.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math has received very negative reception since its release.
At some point in time, Nintendo spokesman Tom Sarris commented that Donkey Kong Jr. Math was not well received.
At some point in time, Nintendo ceased development of educational games due to the negative reception of Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was noted as one of the worst launch video games ever made by Electronic Gaming Monthly.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was noted as one of the worst launch video games ever made by 1UP.com.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math received criticism from several publications including IGN.
At some point in time, IGN called Donkey Kong Jr. Math one of the worst Virtual Console games.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was the worst-selling game in the NES's launch library in the US.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math features one and two player modes.
At some point in time, both player modes of Donkey Kong Jr. Math are single screen.
At some point in time, in the first mode of Donkey Kong Jr. Math, the objective is to enter math answers to receive points.
At some point in time, the questions in Donkey Kong Jr. Math include addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division.
At some point in time, in the two player mode of Donkey Kong Jr. Math, two players control two characters.
At some point in time, in the two player mode, players race to create a math formula to reach the number shown by Donkey Kong.
At some point in time, the gameplay of Donkey Kong Jr. Math incorporates platform gameplay.
At some point in time, the mechanics of Donkey Kong Jr. Math are similar to Donkey Kong Jr.
At some point in time, players in Donkey Kong Jr. Math climb vines to reach higher areas.
At some point in time, players in Donkey Kong Jr. Math collect numbers scattered around the area.
At some point in time, to complete mathematics problems in Donkey Kong Jr. Math, players must collect at least three things.
At some point in time, the three things players must collect in Donkey Kong Jr. Math are the first number, the symbol, and the second number.
At some point in time, when the game features a high number, players must collect multiple numbers and mathematics symbols.
At some point in time, for example, players could choose a nine, a multiplication symbol, and a seven to reach the number 66.
At some point in time, the two player game of Donkey Kong Jr. Math has two different levels.
At some point in time, the two different levels in the two player game are Calculate A and Calculate B.
At some point in time, Calculate B is more challenging than Calculate A.
At some point in time, in Calculate B, Donkey Kong can ask for negative numbers.
At some point in time, in Calculate B, the absolute values of the target numbers are in the hundreds instead of the tens.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was first released in Japan on December 12, 1983.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was released shortly after as JR. Math Lesson.
At some point in time, JR. Math Lesson was released together with Donkey Kong Jr. as Nintendo's first licensed multicart.
At some point in time, the Sharp multicart was re-released separately from the C1 NES TV in August 1995.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math has been released on other platforms.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console in Japan on March 27, 2007.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console in Europe and Australia on April 20, 2007.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released on the Wii's Virtual Console in North America on September 3, 2007.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released again for the Wii U's Virtual Console in North America on August 28, 2014.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released again for the Wii U's Virtual Console in Europe on January 22, 2015.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was re-released again for the Wii U's Virtual Console in Japan on April 15, 2015.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math has been a critical and commercial disappointment since its release for the NES.
At some point in time, GameRankings reports an aggregate score of 32% for Donkey Kong Jr. Math based on 5 reviews.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math was the worst-selling launch title for the NES.
At some point in time, Nintendo spokesman Tom Sarris said that Donkey Kong Jr. Math "wasn't a big hit."
At some point in time, Tom Sarris added that no one was very enthusiastic about Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
At some point in time, Tom Sarris felt that if Donkey Kong Jr. Math had been received better, it would have led to more educational titles.
At some point in time, author Andy Slaven criticized the premise of Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
At some point in time, Andy Slaven derided Nintendo for combining a well-liked license with math.
At some point in time, David Epstein did not find Donkey Kong Jr. Math to be a fun game.
At some point in time, Bob Mackey called Donkey Kong Jr. Math the worst NES launch title.
At some point in time, Bob Mackey criticized Donkey Kong Jr. Math for its lack of value.
At some point in time, Bob Mackey commented that Donkey Kong Jr. moves as well as an infant would in real life.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math had a poor reception from IGN.
At some point in time, Lucas M. Thomas found the controls of Donkey Kong Jr. Math poor.
At some point in time, Lucas M. Thomas found the execution of Donkey Kong Jr. Math to be bland and flawed.
At some point in time, Cam Shea said Donkey Kong Jr. Math would be "too expensive if it was free."
At some point in time, Cam Shea included Donkey Kong Jr. Math on his list of the worst Virtual Console games.
At some point in time, Cam Shea found it difficult to imagine any reason why anyone would want to buy Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
At some point in time, Frank Provo found that Donkey Kong Jr. Math became boring quickly.
At some point in time, Frank Provo criticized the mathematics problems in Donkey Kong Jr. Math for being too easy for young children.
At some point in time, Frank Provo criticized the mathematics problems in Donkey Kong Jr. Math for being too boring for older children.
At some point in time, Dan Whitehead commented that Donkey Kong Jr. Math gave him an "ironic smile" as a reminder of the NES era.
At some point in time, Dan Whitehead could not justify paying five dollars for Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
At some point in time, Donkey Kong Jr. Math has received criticism for its qualities as an educational game.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sweedyk called Donkey Kong Jr. Math a realistic educational video game.
At some point in time, Elizabeth Sweedyk criticized educational games as "not fun."
At some point in time, Kevin Gifford called Donkey Kong Jr. Math a game that children would never want to play.
At some point in time, Jeremy Parish commented that Donkey Kong Jr. Math shouldn't be judged on being an educational game.
At some point in time, Jeremy Parish cited quality educational titles as The Oregon Trail and Where in the World Is Carmen Sandiego?.
At some point in time, Jeremy Parish noted that Donkey Kong Jr. Math should be judged for being a boring game.
At some point in time, Frank Caron compared Donkey Kong Jr. Math to other educational games.
At some point in time, Frank Caron called Donkey Kong Jr. Math "no Brain Age."
At some point in time, Frank Caron preferred to play Math Blaster instead of Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
At some point in time, Traci Lawson wondered whether the word game Bookworm would have been as well received by players when they were children.
At some point in time, Traci Lawson felt that players would be intimidated by Bookworm.
At some point in time, Traci Lawson compared her feelings about Bookworm to how she felt when she played Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
At some point in time, Skyler Miller called Donkey Kong Jr. Math a creative use of Donkey Kong Jr.'s graphics and gameplay.