At some point in time, 55 Cancri b is an extrasolar planet.
At some point in time, 55 Cancri b orbits the star 55 Cancri A every 14.65 days.
At some point in time, 55 Cancri b is the second planet in order of distance from the star 55 Cancri A.
At some point in time, 55 Cancri b is an example of a hot Jupiter or possibly a warm Jupiter.
At some point in time, the International Astronomical Union launched a process for giving proper names to certain exoplanets and their host stars in July 2014.
At some point in time, the process for naming exoplanets involved public nomination and voting for new names.
At some point in time, the International Astronomical Union announced the winning name for 55 Cancri b was Galileo in December 2015.
At some point in time, the winning name Galileo was submitted by the Royal Netherlands Association for Meteorology and Astronomy of the Netherlands.
At some point in time, the name Galileo honors early-17th century astronomer and physicist Galileo Galilei.
At some point in time, Geoffrey Marcy and R. Paul Butler discovered 55 Cancri b in 1996.
At some point in time, 55 Cancri b was the fourth known extrasolar planet, excluding pulsar planets.
At some point in time, 55 Cancri b was discovered by detecting variations in the radial velocity of the star 55 Cancri A caused by the gravity of 55 Cancri b.
At some point in time, sensitive measurements of the Doppler shift of the spectrum of 55 Cancri A detected a 15-day periodicity.
At some point in time, the discovery of 55 Cancri b was announced in 1996.
At some point in time, the discovery announcement of 55 Cancri b occurred together with the announcement of the planet of Tau Boötis and the innermost planet of Upsilon Andromedae.
At some point in time, the star 55 Cancri A showed a drift in its radial velocity even when accounting for an inner planet with a mass at least 78% that of Jupiter.
At some point in time, the drift in the radial velocity of 55 Cancri A eventually led to the discovery of the outer planet 55 Cancri d in 2002.
At some point in time, 55 Cancri b is in a short-period orbit.
At some point in time, the orbit of 55 Cancri b is not as extreme as that of the previously detected hot Jupiter 51 Pegasi b.
At some point in time, the orbital period of 55 Cancri b indicates that the planet is located close to a 1:3 mean motion resonance with 55 Cancri c.
At some point in time, investigations of the planetary parameters in a Newtonian simulation indicate that 55 Cancri b and 55 Cancri c are not actually in resonance.
At some point in time, the upper atmosphere of 55 Cancri b was observed transiting the star in 2012.
At some point in time, the inclination of 55 Cancri b is about 85 degrees.
At some point in time, the inclination of 55 Cancri b is coplanar with 55 Cancri e.
At some point in time, the observation of the upper atmosphere of 55 Cancri b helped to constrain the mass of the planet.
At some point in time, the inclination of 55 Cancri b was too low to constrain its radius.
At some point in time, the mass of 55 Cancri b is about 0.85 that of Jupiter.
At some point in time, 55 Cancri b is a gas giant.
At some point in time, 55 Cancri b has no solid surface.
At some point in time, the atmospheric transit of 55 Cancri b has demonstrated hydrogen in the upper atmosphere.
At some point in time, the transit of 55 Cancri b is so tangential that properties such as its radius, density, and temperature are unknown.
At some point in time, assuming a composition similar to that of Jupiter, 55 Cancri b's upper atmosphere is predicted to be cloudless.
At some point in time, the spectrum of 55 Cancri b's upper atmosphere is predicted to be dominated by alkali metal absorption.
At some point in time, the atmosphere's transit indicates that 55 Cancri b is slowly evaporating under the sun's heat.
At some point in time, the evaporation of 55 Cancri b is slower than that for previously studied hotter hot Jupiters.
At some point in time, 55 Cancri b is unlikely to have large moons.
At some point in time, tidal forces would either eject large moons from orbit or destroy them on short timescales relative to the age of the system.