At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was an operational training unit of the Royal Australian Air Force.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was formed at Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, in October 1942.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was formed to train bomber pilots and navigators for service in World War II.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was initially equipped with Bristol Beauforts.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was initially equipped with Beaufighters.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit later received Douglas Bostons.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit later received de Havilland Mosquitos.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was transferred to Tocumwal in October 1943.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was transferred to Williamtown in mid-1944.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was disbanded in July 1947.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was re-raised at Williamtown in April 1970.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit operated CAC Sabres after being re-raised.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit operated de Havilland Vampires after being re-raised.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit operated Macchi MB-326s after being re-raised.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit ceased operations in July 1971.
At some point in time, during World War II, the Royal Australian Air Force established several operational training units.
At some point in time, the operational training units converted recently graduated pilots from advanced trainers to combat aircraft.
At some point in time, the operational training units added fighting ability to the flying skills that pilots had already learned.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was formed at Forest Hill in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales, on 26 October 1942.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was initially equipped with five Bristol Beaufighters.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was initially equipped with two Bristol Beauforts.
At some point in time, B.F. Rose was the inaugural commanding officer of No. 5 Operational Training Unit.
At some point in time, the first training course of No. 5 Operational Training Unit ran from 2 November to 12 December 1942.
At some point in time, at the end of November 1942, No. 5 Operational Training Unit's strength was 170 personnel.
At some point in time, at the end of November 1942, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had sixteen aircraft.
At some point in time, by mid-1943, No. 5 Operational Training Unit's strength increased to almost 400 personnel.
At some point in time, by mid-1943, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had twenty-five aircraft.
At some point in time, by mid-1943, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had four de Havilland DH-84s.
At some point in time, by mid-1943, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had one de Havilland Moth Minor.
At some point in time, the remainder of No. 5 Operational Training Unit's aircraft by mid-1943 were Beauforts and Beaufighters.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit's aircraft complement was augmented by its first Airspeed Oxford in August 1943.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit relocated to Tocumwal, New South Wales, on 20 October 1943.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit began running courses on Douglas Bostons by the time it relocated to Tocumwal.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit's first de Havilland Mosquito arrived in November 1943.
At some point in time, as of April 1944, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had a complement of sixty-three aircraft.
At some point in time, as of April 1944, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had five Mosquitos.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit ran conversion courses for experienced pilots and navigators.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit ran training courses for newer aircrew.
At some point in time, No. 4 Operational Training Unit disbanded at Williamtown, New South Wales, on 30 April 1944.
At some point in time, a small detachment from No. 4 Operational Training Unit remained to hand the base over to an advance party from No. 5 Operational Training Unit the following day.
At some point in time, the rest of No. 5 Operational Training Unit transferred to Williamtown during July 1944.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit commenced photo reconnaissance courses in August 1944.
At some point in time, by October 1944, No. 5 Operational Training Unit's strength was over 1,000 personnel.
At some point in time, Charles Scherf briefly served as chief flying instructor at No. 5 Operational Training Unit in late 1944.
At some point in time, November 1944 was marred by four fatal accidents in the space of three days at No. 5 Operational Training Unit.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had thirty crews under training in January 1945.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had a dozen crews under training in November 1942.
At some point in time, by January 1945, No. 5 Operational Training Unit's complement of aircraft had increased to seventy-five.
At some point in time, by January 1945, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had twenty-eight Mosquitos.
At some point in time, staffing at No. 5 Operational Training Unit reached its highest level of 1,700 personnel in May 1945.
At some point in time, Charles Crombie was the chief flying instructor at No. 5 Operational Training Unit when he was killed in a Beaufighter crash at Williamtown on 26 August 1945.
At some point in time, Flight Lieutenant Charles "Bud" Tingwell was one of the instructors at No. 5 Operational Training Unit at the time of Charles Crombie's death.
At some point in time, Leading Aircraftman Jack Brabham was an engine mechanic at No. 5 Operational Training Unit.
At some point in time, Jack Brabham witnessed the accident that killed Charles Crombie.
At some point in time, the end of hostilities in the Pacific saw the dissolution of all the Royal Australian Air Force's operational training units.
At some point in time, on 1 February 1946, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was reorganised as a crew conversion unit.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was reorganised as a crew conversion unit (Fighter).
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit operated North American P-51 Mustangs after being reorganised.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit operated CAC Wirraways after being reorganised.
At some point in time, by February 1947, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had a complement of twenty-eight aircraft.
At some point in time, by February 1947, No. 5 Operational Training Unit had just under a hundred personnel.
At some point in time, activity at No. 5 Operational Training Unit began winding down in May 1947.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was disbanded on 7 July 1947.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was re-formed at Williamtown on 1 April 1970.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was re-formed to provide pilots with operational training prior to their conversion to the Dassault Mirage III fighter.
At some point in time, the reactivation of No. 5 Operational Training Unit was celebrated with a dinner attended by B.F. Rose.
At some point in time, B.F. Rose was the original commanding officer of No. 5 Operational Training Unit.
At some point in time, the reactivation of No. 5 Operational Training Unit included a flypast of forty-nine aircraft from No. 2 Operational Conversion Unit.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was divided into instructional and operational flights.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit conducted training in concert with Mirages from No. 2 Operational Conversion Unit.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit conducted training in concert with Mirages from No. 76 Squadron.
At some point in time, the aircraft of No. 5 Operational Training Unit participated in joint exercises and display flights.
At some point in time, the aircraft of No. 5 Operational Training Unit participated in air shows celebrating the Royal Australian Air Force's 1971 golden jubilee.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was equipped with forty CAC Sabre jet fighters.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was equipped with some de Havilland Vampire jet trainers.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was equipped with eight Macchi MB-326s.
At some point in time, the Macchi MB-326s were previously operated by No. 2 Operational Conversion Unit for lead-in fighter training.
At some point in time, vampire operations at No. 5 Operational Training Unit began winding down in September 1970.
At some point in time, the de Havilland Vampires were withdrawn from No. 5 Operational Training Unit in April 1971.
At some point in time, the last Sabre conversion course at No. 5 Operational Training Unit was completed in December 1970.
At some point in time, the Australian government announced that the Sabres were to be phased out and retired by July 1971.
At some point in time, at this time, RAAF fighter pilots were trained progressively on the Winjeel, Macchi, Sabre, and Mirage.
At some point in time, the Australian government considered the feasibility of direct Macchi-to-Mirage conversion.
At some point in time, the Australian government determined that it was possible to remove the Sabre from the training process.
At some point in time, the Australian government determined that the Sabre could be retired.
At some point in time, the Australian government determined that more Mirage trainers needed to be made available.
At some point in time, the Australian government approved the purchase of six new Mirage IIID dual trainers.
At some point in time, the six new Mirage IIID dual trainers were to augment the ten already in service.
At some point in time, No. 5 Operational Training Unit was disbanded on 31 July 1971.
At some point in time, the Sabre was retired from RAAF service on 31 July 1971.
At some point in time, the Macchis of No. 5 Operational Training Unit were transferred back to No. 2 Operational Conversion Unit.
At some point in time, following the disbandment of No. 5 Operational Training Unit, one of its Sabres, A94-983, was among several donated by the Australian government to the Royal Malaysian Air Force.
At some point in time, the aircraft A94-983 was returned to the Royal Australian Air Force in 1978.
At some point in time, the aircraft A94-983 was subsequently put on display at RAAF Bases Richmond, New South Wales, and Point Cook, Victoria.
At some point in time, in 2005, the Royal Australian Air Force loaned the aircraft A94-983 to the Temora Aviation Museum, New South Wales.
At some point in time, the aircraft A94-983 was restored to flying condition at the Temora Aviation Museum.